seated between two of his captors, someone keeps his pensive gaze aimed downward.
someone gives a confused blink of his eyes.
someone sits on the middle ball.
i don't live here.
she gives him a pleading look.
the demon wrenches his victim's head to face the boy then grins at someone.
someone runs in.
on the bridge, someone's eyes shift nervously.
his expression hardens and someone turns his earnest gaze on the older man.
now, sunlight bathes someone's face as he blinks awake.
now, someone and someone grab the same movie.
he treads toward the envelope then hesitates.
he pauses and looks at his apartment.
the whirlwind knocks the boats high in the air.
the bully gives him a friendly shove into a crowd of congratulatory males.
he holds up a certificate.
someone cranes to see.
the building stops but the tank falls into the water.
someone gives an earnest shake of his head.
someone pauses from organizing costumes on a rack and watches someone stalk away.
he slashes a second attacker's kicking leg, then drives his blade through the vampire's palm and flips him onto his back.
small overhead lights with green lampshades hang from above next to dangling clusters of phone wires.
his men gather behind.
he looks back, but finds no sign of his daughter.
she holds up a barbie doll.
the tumbling camera gives us a dizzying, rolling view of the ground, then the sky, the ground, the sky.
as the chiseled thug aims a gun at them from behind the wheel, someone jams her foot on the gas pedal.
they stop at the wine case.
someone walks backstage.
someone addresses a mustached servant, who struggles to understand him.
in the hearing room, cell phone footage of the plane crash is played on a large screen.
then he turns and walks off.
someone sets a hand on someone's other shoulder.
later, they hide.
the child blinks and the woman lifts her to her feet.
a lion steps out.
as the wind dies down, someone descends safely to the floor.
she looks up to see three or four horses drinking from the water on the opposite side.
the destroyer turns away from someone then backhands him into the air.
the brothers tumble onto the bridge outside.
another tear rolls down someone's cheek.
someone hefts a box of tools and supplies.
someone holsters his gun.
he raises her arms above her head.
she takes someone's arm as she gazes wistfully at the stylized yet tender image.
as the rear of the train comes apart, someone, someone, and someone turn back.
someone laughs as someone heaves his wife over his shoulder and carries her away.
she rises to her knees and watches someone fall to the ground up ahead.
the boy in the cap points out the defiant gesture to his hard-featured friend.
someone runs a hand through his hair.
as the guard dog backs someone against a stone wall, snowy leaps out and barks at the much bigger dog.
a small congregation listens to a sermon in a cordoned off area.
he locks eyes with her.
bradford leads someone away by the hand.
the someone plays a hand-held video game.
the man looks up at the woman and smiles.
someone joins in.
with both hands, the executioner raises the sword overhead.
high above them a small dent is punched into the water tank's side.
someone joins her father at the kitchen table.
someone drifts off on the phone.
now, we corkscrew past clouds.
someone wears a faint sad smile as gable faces a fellow convict.
they pull up on one door which doesn't budge.
later, someone enters her full classroom.
he holds someone's hand and rests his brow upon it.
in a silk robe, someone rocks his baby to sleep.
someone holds up his hands.
he stays the cars with an outstretched hand.
someone kicks it to someone who catches it 50 yards away.
outside, someone motions for her to join him.
he takes aim.
her father approaches with a compassionate frown.
gently shuts the door.
as someone fights the warrior a second opponent comes up from behind and tears off his helmet.
now the club owner crosses the floor and greets the comedian as he and someone arrive on another night.
inside, someone wears safety goggles as he uses a blowtorch.
stepping beside his grandfather, someone faces the grave.
someone strides past someone.
someone stands by.
he holds his gun to someone's cheek.
he wipes one away, sets his guitar down and faces his friend.
he smiles fondly.
he glances at her, then pours another shot.
a pair of additional troopers merge onto the road in front of someone.
now in black hot pants, the young hopeful collects a spent glass and draws a smile from someone.
he pours the vase's water down the hall.
someone calls after someone as she runs toward the house.
she smiles he sits facing her.
she sprints past a pond, then heads out through the open gate of a white-picket fence.
now, someone sits alone at a table.
the alien zooms in on a pair of twin stars and selects one.
as someone swivels his crane, someone swings the arm of his crane into him.
someone brings cake.
the rookies approach the biker gang.
his eyes glaze.
someone past a painting of someone on a throne, attended by a panther and a gorgeous worshipful woman.
he picks up the picture.
she stares, slack-jawed.
now at the club, an employee polishes mirrored panels behind the bar.
someone's grin stays plastered on his face as he gives a few wobbling nods.
smacks diesels rear-end, and they leave together.
the boy lets go of the reigns
someone glances at someone, who smiles.
it skids to a half before and he climbs on.
someone taps her shoulder with the tip of his sawed off shotgun.
he indicates someone,then himself.
a someone skates out.
she checks the new gap.
the boy looks up from his video game as the robber approaches.
in yellow checked knickerbockers, someone leans foppishly on the car.
drifting to the ground, the older brother watches someone crash into a car on the street below.
now at a medical practice, a woman takes a stiff dark liquid filled sack from a box.
someone closes the door behind him.
steadying it, he takes out a tool on his keychain.
smiling, she hands the panel to someone then turns toward a wooden box sitting in the exposed space.
someone stops headphones.
someone grabs someone and someone returns his gaze to someone.
someone spins around in the doorway and someone shakes her head.
lastly, she reaches for the shrimp cocktail.
someone accompanies his buddy who makes his way up the front steps on his crutches.
lights glow within.
the twins each clear their throats.
onto a cargo ship baring the same name.
her mother joins her as she folds her daughter's clothes.
someone throws the ball at artest.
he sees someone toss the white sedan's keys to the valet.
someone steps into the living room and finds someone bludgeoning the car with a sledgehammer.
someone closes the door behind them.
she closes her eyes regretfully.
she rolls a cigarette.
in the opposite corner, someone rolls his neck.
pausing at its threshold, she raises the axe and gazes down a brief passageway ending in a sealed door with two small windows.
someone's mouth opens wide in a pained someone.
right in front of him, he finds her breasts.
he adjusts a mic.
she extends her trembling fingers and rests them upon her laotong's cheek.
jacks grasps then glares at his phone.
emerging in open water, he does a breaststroke toward the murky
on a ledge above them, someone hauls up his gear.
the someone fires, but the water rushes in at him.
facing the windows, he stands abruptly and steps closer.
someone grabs his hand, nearly yanking him off balance, he gives a bewildered nod.
craning her neck, tubman regards the newcomers with a furrowed brow.
they stop halfway and launch again.
the judges turn as someone and her mother run in.
someone kicks a guard with both feet then fights off two more with his crutches.
as the chopper flies away, someone's men reverse a large eight-wheel vehicle to the tank's hitch.
someone and the kids run off.
he peers through a window to find the security guard dancing with a screwdriver in his mouth.
cringes as it goes off.
he test a dive light.
a young couple climbs out and he approaches the driver.
someone sees her mother racing back up the stairs.
they all stare.
someone lowers his sunglasses and views photos of the little bohemia lodge, the wrecked ford, and a pair of confiscated someone guns.
someone throws another.
he finds the mayor, ms.
the head security guard steps into the mansion and closes the door.
he gazes up into her eyes.
in a flashback, she and someone hold out clipboards to passersby.
she looks back at her sister and nods.
finding nothing, he relaxes.
someone leans out the passenger window and aims a gun at his back.
closing her eyes, she begins to dance in front of someone.
draping herself across his chest.
someone leans close to someone, her face hovering inches from his, and tenderly strokes his cheek.
he sips his beer.
her rifle bundled in a large sack.
the lobster looks at her.
a crane lowers a pontoon plane wrapped in canvas onto the track.
he kisses her cheek instead.
as someone walks down a hallway, he passes another guard who turns toward him.
she takes a deep breath, then gently withdraws her hands from someone's trembling grasp.
the lanky hero steps on someone as he runs
someone stares at the kung fu master, then trudges back through the house.
in the backyard of fully formed bodhi tree bursts out of the ground, next to the pool.
flames glow within its engine and exhaust vents.
the man suddenly snatches his arm.
which rests on her own outstretched arm.
someone shuts the door as a group of zombies reach the vehicle.
someone to throw horseshoes.
inside the building, people duck for cover.
someone steps to the base of the tree and drops to his knees.
someone approaches it, her hand still on the tachyon amplifier.
the mailman takes off.
now, a heavyset techie in a nine inch nails shirt lets someone into his apartment.
the broodingly handsome man hangs up his jacket and hat, and approaches the bar.
following her gaze, someone finds an unconscious someone covered in casts and bandages.
a framed photo of a silver-haired woman.
his lips parting sadly.
her eyes glisten as someone sits back down.
the guy someone feels the wall for a light switch.
someone maintains his cross-legged pose as he watches the boat.
she balls her fists tighter.
now, stars twinkle in a clear night sky.
one officer examines a war map.
snowy follows someone as he creeps toward the bridge.
he removes his coat.
he stares at an approaching light.
someone notices someone staring at his lap.
she drags a chair to the corner of the room climbs on top and mounts one camera from the ceiling.
someone takes her by the wrist.
he goes to kiss her then picks her up instead.
someone hurls someone's jacket down in front of him.
the mobster slips away.
someone looks around again.
someone sets a chair in front of the armoire and begins to climb onto it.
she flashes a smile, then closes it.
someone sneaks up behind someone.
picks up a duffle bag and takes out the portable monitor.
stopping a few yards from the boat, someone vomits into the water.
the murderer falls to his back his top hat landing several feet across the dock.
someone chases a boy with a backpack.
he stoops and picks up an empty super 8 film box, then with his brow furrowed stares after the car.
someone hurriedly heads back into the cabin and wakes his sleeping friends.
she checks the room first, eyes a row of utility boxes and swings a lever on each one to its downward position.
we traveled through the city beneath a hovering ship.
an im comes in from her mom.
she pulls out a pantsuit.
burly agent pushes someone into the backseat and gets in next to her.
he assaults someone with a rapid series of vicious kicks and punches, then flings the limp american to the ground.
so much has happened in the years we were apart.
grabbing the silver orb someone, the alien escapes through a window.
someone lies on a cot in a triage section.
in the next booth, a young man in a hat talks to a young lady in a mini-skirt.
pausing, he bends over to examine his broken grille.
he goes to his mother's room to find her fast asleep, with her reading glasses still on.
he lets her in.
she notices a group of softball-sized eggs on a brown steaming mound.
as the gang leader swerves, a truck hauling chickens blocks his path.
someone finishes writing her first name.
someone stands over him, gripping the poker in both hands.
someone glances over his shoulder at someone, then stares at the falling rain.
another woman joins them.
someone lies awake in bed, his eyes wide.
someone shifts in her seat again and resumes her work.
someone pulls her down and slams her into someone's car, then grabs the bag.
opening her purse, she pulls out a pound of butter, and shows to the portrait.
someone clenches his jaw.
the students flee.
later, holding a vial she doses someone then kisses her.
revealing new space.
dugan raises his glass of beer.
the young bride turns to her laotong, the beaded fringe on her veil swaying back and forth.
someone grins toothily.
where middle-aged men and women are mingling with each other and engaging in conversation.
someone hustled someone to one end of the announcers stand.
as her captor drops his pants, she thrashes wrathfully.
now, the two friends walk down a narrow alley.
a soldier stands guard at a corner as his teammates enter an unlit building.
someone rises and spreads his arms.
someone smiles wistfully.
later, someone stares as someone lies on top of someone.
it rubs against her ankle.
someone glances at someone then turns and follows someone.
they ascend the steep run.
now, he runs in place at an intersection, checking his pulse.
sitting on the window's ledge, someone crosses himself, then spreads his wings.
his claws find no hold in its painted metal.
someone goes to someones bed.
the dancers strike alluring seductive poses and line up downstage.
then pulls away and grins.
he drives his fist through the vampire's chest then pulls it out awash with blood.
ghost rider rear ends it and it explodes.
together, they leap into the water.
his lips wrinkle into a pout.
someone sits downstairs in someone's apartment block lobby.
elegant guests gather inside the multitiered rotunda where someone hands someone a bottle of champaign.
recovering, he takes a smooth turn around the pool.
someone regards him amiably.
someone selects a book.
she checks her cell.
crouches as the rocker surfaces treading water.
the mobster aims his gun.
someone snaps photos as her granddaughter shows off her curled hair.
the typewriter's guide frames the beginning of the new line.
someone watches smugly.
write out on a
agent someone takes out a pistol and shoots someone on the shoulder, but he escapes into the hallway and shoots another guard.
its sign reads little dom's.
someone prepares shotgun shells.
ripping off his blood-stained shirt, he wipes blood from his undershirt and tosses it down.
now young someone walks down a dirt road lined with grimy homes.
the girl with the beauty someone crouches in front of someone and looks up at him.
they sit.
in a huge hangar, someone climbs up a ladder into a bomber plane.
at the instructor's command, they perform athletic moves with razor-sharp precision.
he closes his eyes and nods.
at the end of the line, a chunky older woman, still clothed, scowls at him.
about to fall into the blaze below, they daringly leap across the divide and land on the next rail car's roof.
a man stands over her.
nearby, mama ronzoni sits on her grandson's handheld video game.
they blast two others and someone grabs a star map.
the module locks into place, locking out the radiant blue light.
someone runs up steps.
someone sucks in a breath and steps closer, her eyes fixed on his face.
a ricocheted ball whacks the back of his shaved head.
a bald man covered in blood sits slumped against the truck's steering wheel.
now, they drive off.
he lights a match.
someone places someone in his cruiser's backseat and tosses the camera onto the front seat.
now, she sits in a cluttered cubicle surrounded by other workers wearing headsets.
sister turns her bruised face away.
now as someone and someone walk toward his car, he hits the locks remote.
someone looks at his rattled shipmate, then lowers his gaze.
someone lifts him by the throat.
more armed boys run past.
he lifts his hand to the back of his neck
she and the kids rush to the window.
the front wheel lands on a telephone cable.
agent someone arrives in another corridor with more gunmen.
a weatherman eats.
someone falls back and kicks him away.
someone stares straight ahead then looks down.
someone points and beams at someone, who gives her a thumbs-up.
she raises his arms overhead.
someone bashes the heads with his shield, then runs out brandishing his sword.
the shoes wings flutter as someone scrambles up the front of the statue, using athena's hair and folds of her robe as hand and foot holds.
they share a grin and someone good-naturedly smacks someone's leg.
a view through the glass panes of his bedroom doors show him stripping off his pants.
someone's smirk fades as a bus pauses on the street outside.
with a smile, someone heads away.
he watches his rival cross to the dune, then turns back to his game.
as the man falls out of the tree, the shield boomerangs back into someone' hand.
someone removes his jacket, revealing a tight shirt with cut-off sleeves.
her posture wounded and childlike.
folding them she stares off.
lunging out to shoot, someone finds them gone.
in an alley, several kids play with a ball as white clothes hang on a sun-drenched clothesline nearby.
someone waves off someone, accidentally flinging puke.
she rejoins her friend.
moving on to the car beside it, she turns.
he stares at someone with a pleased gaze.
flailing, he flies towards an enormous window in slow motion.
a spy drone flies into view behind them.
again, someone awakes and sits up in bed.
on a roof, a hanging bed sheet separates them.
someone points out a woman in a black and white dress.
a strikingly handsome man steps out naked, covering his genitals with a dishrag.
he picks up the sandwich in his jaws, but the rat tugs at the other end.
her lips part as she nods.
like a cannon attached to a gunner chair.
back in the attic, someone lights a candle and sets it onto a chair seat.
someone returns rogers' enlistment form, now stamped 1a.
a web page reads, coming soon.
the children catch up to her.
the teen lifts his disillusioned gaze and swallows.
alone in the attic, kneeling across from the automaton, someone waves one hand over a deck of cards.
in someone's hands, the dollar is the size of a rolled up poster.
with his left foot planted on the nose, he bows his head, letting the lip of wave wet his hair.
you have a lot on your mind right now.
as he lands on slippery rocks, his ankle snaps.
as he returns she pops up.
she sits.
she lowers her disheartened gaze, then removes a closed fan from the sleeve of her blue robe.
with a modest sigh, she steps down off the platform.
he turns and shoots into the air.
inside, someone and someone flee down a hallway as the chain slices through the walls.
she stares at him.
someone watches on a monitor as someone runs out of view.
now inside, someone cautiously approaches a door with her purse in hand.
performing on stage, someone glares into the audience.
hurrying up a flight of stairs, someone drops his someone mnemonic menu and pauses to snatch it up.
every metal object in the room whips around chaotically.
bobbing it equivocatingly.
someone glances aside and subtly shakes his head.
his limbs flailing, he steers helplessly as the flames eat away at his flesh.
someone gives a wry, knowing smirk, and sets his wine aside.
tossing the ball backward, someone sinks another shot.
handcuffed, he walks toward someone, who sits eating at a table beside a large white jet.
the newcomer touches her chest.
she throws a photo of herself with her husband into a box, breaking the frame.
someone watches her walk past an empty bench towards someone
now a grown woman with slim features and a severe expression, she wears her dark hair up beneath a flat-brimmed hat.
a panic maulin leans out an open window.
she hits him playfully.
she takes out her walkie.
scanning the living room, she finds an article of clothing.
someone puts the locket in his own pocket.
she hands him his keys and phone and he heads off.
she shoots him as he starts towards her and the recoil puts her on her backside in the water.
excuse the expression.
hanging his head, someone pounds the desk even harder.
someone eats the last bite and tosses the wrapper at him.
their dad walks away.
someone regards her.
he gives someone a pleading look.
she hits the table.
as someone leaves with someone, someone faces someone and someone.
waking, he jolts up and gasps.
no string attached
as he pushes it overboard, the tiger faces him with a snarl.
now he watches everybody loves raymond.
in a hired car, someone uses her cell.
someone sits at her car, staring off absently.
the armored truck sends a parked car flying.
later, gulls cross a blue sky as wind ruffles snowy's fur and blows someone's hair.
someone folds the flyer and sets it aside.
now lying on the sun-dappled canvas, someone's eyes flutter open.
someone looks around nervous.
he steps to the bodhi tree and glares up at it.
the others ride in the cabin.
someone scans the area from one chopper.
someone peeks around a corner at someone.
several preteen locals wait before a table where someone and someone ladle chicken noodle soup into bowls.
noting his disappointed look, someone turns away and collects her purchase.
someone and someone flee up a sidewalk.
she scoots over to make room for him.
outside, someone dips her toes in a swimming pool.
someone takes breath spray from his pocket and squirts some into his mouth.
someone strides into the office.
in the movie, the leading man runs with flowers.
someone runs after them, driving them along, holding his safari hat in place with one hand.
she pulls the trigger but the gun doesn't fire.
now wearing plain clothes, someone walks alone on a busy street in an eastern european town.
later, they continue up the coast with the pacific ocean just feet from the road.
the teen releases a deep pent-up breath, then swallows.
someone and someone trot down to the water.
someone grins at him and shuts the door.
passing a sarcophagus adorned with the figure of a pope.
now, someone eyes a sign, extras holding.
rain falls steadily as someone sits in the car and pours alcohol into a bottle of juice, and takes a drink.
his ailing father offers a series of slow nods.
a helicopter view outside shows someone's team approaching their shack.
someone scoops up fish.
someone holds her father tight and gazes off thoughtfully.
someone packs a book-sized kit into a bag
someone sighs and lowers a spoon.
the officer closes the door behind someone who walks into the room where a handcuffed someone, wearing only underwear, sits on a bench.
he takes her hand and she places her other hand on his shoulder.
she dons a white stole.
it reads $117.13.
then adjusts the mask.
ghost rider pulls up beside a ruthless truck as its driver barks into a radio.
he secures his leg irons to a ring in the floor.
someone stops the car.
she combines the slices to make two sandwiches, then grabs storage bags.
he ducks.
someone' thugs herd the people into a line with their backs against a fence.
beside him, someone lies down and chats with a reclining sid.
someone runs out of an exit.
he turns to someone, who sleeps on the couch, and loads his gun.
he watches the chopper lift off from the rooftop helipad below.
now the hollywood sign shows in the distance as the hummer follows a boulevard past an old tank and some rubble.
he puts on his jacket.
averts her eyes from the archers gaze.
they've come for it.
the inspector reaches the end of the platform and gazes around himself.
someone charges someone, but gets knocked off his feet.
someone fires his thrusters and rockets upward.
looking away, someone shakes his head.
darling, who hops around with goofy uninhibited moves.
she gives a critical look as she sees someone lift a water pitcher and drink from it.
a display ticks up to five minutes.
he calmly backs the mutant against a wall.
it reads, someone stutler, fourth grade, b-, the life of napoleon bonaparte.
inside the motel room, someone sticks a microphone to his informant's undershirt.
in his bedroom, the portly scam artist sleeps amid his scantily clad companions.
at a bustling entrance, a black car pulls up.
shoulders slouched wearily someone heaves a sigh and staggers around the front of the car.
she smiles faintly then heads over to someone who sits on a low stonewall sketching on a pad.
now, he crosses to a bulletin board showing mugshots of someone.
as she peers in, we glimpse her brown eyes and delicate features.
someone tries to open the cell door.
they enter an attic.
someone reaches the lobby and follows the first robber past empty desks and chairs.
standing, the humanoid peers into the cup and its disintegrating honeycomb-like contents.
she faces the chocolate cake on the island then stands and sets a glass cover over it.
someone regards him sympathetically.
nearby, scratch and rembrandt check out girls.
someone salaad gestures to someone, who begins to sing.
he glances around.
she wears a pale blouse and skirt.
he drops into the distance, his arms and legs flailing.
her foot retracts from view just as the swat team rounds the corner.
the high-nose brunette hangs up.
they jam their fingers into each other's mouths and gag each other.
he takes a flash photo of her, then lowers his camera and smiles.
back at someone murray's, someone faces someone who sits astride a customized motorcycle.
as she runs the bowl under a tap.
the truck parks.
someone tries to pull it away, but he holds tight.
in the submarine, someone crosses the office.
someone remains in a kneeling position, gazing over the side.
the real estate agent obediently opens the screen door.
leaning out from hiding and craning his neck, the young agent peers up at the hotel.
someone leans his head back in a relieved sigh, then swims to the pool's edge.
the teens wait outside a blue building.
now at home, a pile of suitcases sit at the foot of the stairs.
the door to someone's room opens.
someone goes to a stereo in the living room.
he holds up his fists.
she shuts the door, sets the keys on a hall table, and tiptoes toward a staircase.
someone smacks him on the sly.
she grabs a set.
she highlights the last sentence, deletes it, and determinedly resumes typing.
and pours the rest of someone's ashes into the sea.
he picks it up and checks its display,
she takes the bottle.
he finds the breast pump on his nipple.
meanwhile, dead zombie bodies lie in a pile outside the games hut.
hand in hand, they leave the doorway.
as someone nears the dressing room,
now we flight toward acosta city's jutting skyscraper.
above, thick black clouds engulf the dome and the enormous carved skull on its crest.
the trace hones in on a building and a label reads, "third precinct, chicago, illinois."
he swigs juice from a carton.
he rises to his feet then runs after the vampire landing on a new horse's back with every daring step.
a short distance down a street, a sedan turns on its headlights and crawls toward the promenade.
she finds the one with someone, recognizable by his blazer.
it settles on its wheels, both occupants slumped and motionless.
holloway struggles to keep a hold on her.
as someone follows sister upstairs, someone touches her temple.
someone watches someone gesture to her breasts.
now on the arm of a groomsman, someone leads the bridal procession down a grassy aisle.
the beast's eyes roll backward as it collapses onto the ground.
later, someone and his four friends sit on a grassy hill.
in glass then notices a control pad by the door in the operation center.
he takes a step forward then turns and points into the distance.
someone licks a few fingers, and attempts to reach over and smooth someone's hair.
now, we glimpse lavish buildings housing atlantic city's hotel casinos.
someone accepts two dogs.
he rubs his nose then stands.
his eyes crinkle at the corners as he smiles at her.
the minimalistic rendering captures the tiger's characteristically warm, intelligent gaze.
he meets someone's gaze.
at the wheel, someone drives with narrowed eyes and pursed lips.
elsewhere, someone vaults off a post and tackles the leader.
he finds himself in the puppet's
as someone takes up a long handles oar and jumps to the canvas cover.
her mother bows her head.
he spots the partially submerged yellow hummer.
he grabs someone's collar.
he strides toward his car, his long leather jacket billowing behind him.
he ignites the someone circle.
she pauses on her way out, still holding it.
she eyes him and shuts the door.
the platform stops revolving.
someone turns away with a stony expression.
someone meets someone's gaze and points.
he makes his way through a crowd of red soldiers who part to let him by.
someone watches admiringly.
she checks her watch.
the two boys swing fiercely at one another, each blocking the other with precision.
inside, he arrives at a suite door bearing the same title.
then pulls someone's sword from her grasp and turns its blade against the back of her neck.
another tech works at a computer.
they briefly share a smile.
in the living room someone takes off her pants.
meanwhile, the heavily muscled creature breaks free of its icy shell.
on a sunny day, children stream out of lillian middle school toward waiting cars and businesses.
she lifts it to her ear and waits.
a narrow eyed man waits patiently behind her.
someone follows someone past the crystals.
her mom holds up a dollar.
someone easily removes the cap, then leans closer.
she leans over someone, pointing the gun at his chest.
lying on her back, someone closes her eyes then sneakily peeks one open.
the goateed frenchman enters glowering from beneath his hood.
someone peeks into a room decorated with trophies and posters.
someone's eyes widen as the rider gazes into them.
the hyena briefly leans over the edge the resumes its wild laps as someone stands ready with the oar.
he shoots down a guard.
she walks someone to the door.
someone shrugs with resignation, shaking his head at the cave walls.
his opponent, someone, gets a high-five from someone and a flirty squeeze from someone.
someone glances around as someone eyes a woman examining a grapefruit.
someone smacks someone.
holloway knits his brow and leans closer to the mirror.
it explodes and flames shoot into the sky.
someone leaves past grumpy.
turning from the window, someone holds her tighter.
teacher steers him back outside.
she hurries off.
sonia sees someone taking the stage.
he punches him then beckons.
eyelid up with her ring finger someone notices a fertility
now at the yard sale, he smokes a pipe with lamar.
he gets out of the car and paces down the sidewalk.
lifting his eyes, he studies the middle-aged man's care-worn face.
then takes out a coin, which he holds under a magnifying glass.
she marches out.
she pulls out a time capsule and looks around.
she reaches for it, letting her breasts hang out.
he pictures the skeleton nodding at him.
in the darkness, he hefts a surfboard up to the roof.
through the paned panel, she can see someone approach.
in a factory, someone watches workers melt the silver.
now in bed, someone uses a cup phone.
seeing the road's end, someone breaks.
their interlocked hands sway gently with their
he stretches his shoulders back.
someone stares into someone's eyes.
leaning close, someone holds an anguished stare.
curtains rise, revealing the performance screen and several puppets glowing from behind.
someone walks underneath the sign that reads aeroflot.
someone touches a wind chime made from tire rims as she enters the garage.
she squeezes it.
sitting back on his ankles, the weary husband rests his hands on his thighs and gazes off pensively.
she strides toward the civilian who stares anxiously at her injured face.
he steps in close to someone and removes the marker.
she overshoots the aisle, then backtracks and heads down it toward a waiting priest.
he presents himself to her humbly.
scrolling through the images in his cottage, someone comes to snapshots of the accident.
he leaves the note on a concrete planter as the class heads off.
he sees someone fall to the ground.
bathroom he pulls down his shorts and sits
someone notices a lever labeled, emergency break release.
then jerks his head to one side.
as preston sits reading a magazine, someone approaches and bats it away.
outside, the helicopters pass overhead.
pausing, the human team members turn.
horrified, someone sits down.
someone holds the rolled up magazine to his eye and looks someone over.
a sign reads, speagle's meat and poultry shop.
he sets down his skateboard.
the brown-haired girl takes her mother's hand and rests her head on someone's pillow.
stepping closer to the postings he examines a photograph in a newspaper article about gottfried's death.
she veers across his path.
now, a boy jumps on a rusty box spring mattress left out on a staircase balcony.
his locker number is 173.
he lunges sideways avoiding the projectile which explodes as it hits a wall.
someone snatches the backpack from his grasp and slings it over her shoulder.
now on the dark stage, sister lets a wrap with a voluminous high collar, drop to her feet.
through a doorway, they see officer dryers body fall to the ground.
the boys and soldiers toss violently, with a flat tire the bus slows as the driver brakes.
someone, then hurries to catch up.
he falls over.
now the partners furiously pedal their bicycles across a green lawn.
he stuffs two melons in his bra.
baer nails campbell with series of hooks.
now, someone's stepmother plays a record.
a soldier hands a piece of paper to someone and someone as they step onto a bus.
someone exits the bathroom wearing her scrubs.
bearing someone's portrait of spar as its central logo, it reads rosemoor animal park adventure.
someone enters a restaurant equipment store and approaches a worker at a counter.
he switches a light on and looks at his workbench, which is cluttered with taxidermy paraphernalia and a picture of him with someone.
on the road, a car zooms past someone as he rips open his orange shirt, revealing the arc reactor attached to his body frame.
now on a country highway, the escalade sits parked with its hood up.
as they part, she then kisses him again.
someone's twisted features scowl bitterly as the rider shrieks in his face.
in the truck, a dark-haired man checks the timer on his watch.
he looks at his son with a smirk.
someone shoots lightning from his hands.
crouching, someone quickly picks up the books then stands and faces the bearded bookseller.
her jaw drops open and she moves his arm off of her.
he repeatedly punches someone on the hip.
someone smiles, impressed.
the girls take cover behind a trough with mr.
posted near the box office, he looks across the street.
now multiple letters travel along four conveyor belts.
someone rises from his seat.
someone, someone, and tina the woman wearing rollers followed the sheriff past the creatures collection of wires and other equipment then into a tunnel.
someone barges into the classroom.
the blonde sees another dancer pulling on a sparkling garter over black stockings.
the officer removes his sunglasses and takes a few steps forward.
both men listen worriedly.
the images of passing trees reflect faintly on his windshield.
someone holds up a shushing finger.
he rubs foundation on her cheek.
as he halts in front of someone, the women head off.
ron someone tosses a nespaper.
someone eyes someone, who shrugs sullenly.
an older bald gentleman respectfully kisses someone's cheeks.
someone walks onstage.
the crew straps themselves in.
he pounces on someone playfully.
queen someone steps away from the windows.
she takes clothes from a rack.
the car heads down a dirt road leading toward a forest.
bowing his head, he shields his face.
she wears the orchid pendant.
someone raises his wine glass.
he shows someone with the alien.
someone and someone run onto a catwalk above the fiery factory floor.
he enters the main house.
someone faces his old friend who looks down with a thoughtful gaze.
someone casually opens a menu, his son trudges over.
someone bites back a comment and faces the water.
now, one of the chauffeur's polished leather shoes steps from the limousine, but halts mid-stride above the mud.
and someone follows the guys.
he sits up then gets to his feet.
someone smiles at her sister then shifts gears.
she hesitates, then braces a hand against the wall and bends down for them.
the punch up in the cocktail bar, someone coming around in the rain to apologize.
she wraps her arms around his neck and gives him a passionate kiss.
she wiggles an inviting finger.
she claps a hand over her cat's mouth, then continues to ogle her neighbor.
peering over a ridge, someone finds the men approaching a small isolated beach at the base of the slope.
well over a dozen cars sit parked on the front lawn.
outside, someone stands at a corner.
someone shows her a letter.
someone finds a four-shot pistol.
someone takes a seat.
cerulean points of light webbed together within swirl about in steady patterns.
later, a series of men try to approach someone.
more agents join the pursuit as someone races through the tunnel.
now they tumble unto his bed.
as he steps away, someone beams after him.
someone presses his thumb onto an ink pad, then puts his fingerprint on a form.
someone lands clumsily on another building's rooftop.
lying on a rock, someone stands and faces her.
the two young men stare after the slender mini-skirted blonde.
someone grabs the man.
someone enters the bar.
other people wrinkle their brows as they stare at someone.
the survey vehicles pull up around the dome and park.
gazing up at her, someone's daughter grimaces woefully.
he shakes her hand.
looking down, she watches him adjust his grip on her hand.
as the rocket heads for the cargo ship, someone notices and disappear
they stop walking as they notice someone sword fighting four male students at the same time.
his drawing shows the demon punching through the page.
someone exits the van and looks about.
his opponent flips him to a mat.
someone points his ring at the sorcerer.
the two lovers make eye contact.
someone watches her hurry down the hall.
someone spins the chair and they twirl in place, remaining lip locked as the image gradually fades to black.
chips fly from a pringles can into his mouth.
and he nods sadly.
someone looks for her.
sitting between his kids, someone wraps his arms around them.
someone perches on a nearby desk.
meanwhile, someone drives his cruiser through a gate and onto lillian airfield.
they swap shell-shocked looks and put on their seat belts.
someone stares back stonily.
the fumes fill our view.
someone stands and holds a lighter's flame onto the three scrolls.
someone enters the coatroom.
someone carries his limp, soot-covered uncle to the ground.
as someone aims his machine gun, snowy leaps at him.
at dusk, the hummer crosses a vast parking lot.
the team members approach one of the entry ways, each carrying a kit or bag of varying size.
someone gives a sad smile.
someone facing a sunny window.
now on a ladder she takes two heavy volumes from a high shelf.
someone leaves, shutting the door.
he struggles to pull himself out and on to his feet.
as the captain walks over to someone, the robbers in the no hold are re-entering manhattan trust.
a sharp crust tops the beehive like doom.
someone lifts the edge of a window shade covering the room's french door, and peeks inside at his father.
someone watches her with a furrowed brow, then rides up to meet her.
a breeze blows dead leaves across the store's parking lot as the teens arrive.
someone, out in front of himself as he hurdles headlong through vibrating streams of colored light.
headlights glow behind them.
someone wears argyle knee socks, a prairie skirt, and a yellow sweater.
waiting beside a nearby car, someone waves.
he passes out.
on the verge of tears, she rubs her nose.
someone flips switches on a control board as someone waits atop a circular platform at the room's center.
someone opens a padded envelope, which contains a small bottle and a note.
almost all but someone and his mother are asian.
the sorcerer turns, facing someone and someone.
a black cadillac lurches out of the hospital parking structure, and passes the news crews parked outside.
in the atrium, someone stomps his foot and a glowing pulse of energy cracks the floor underneath.
he climbs on the table and dances for the girls who stand circled around him.
his mouth and wrists duct taped.
someone shoots someone in the face.
a rectangular arrangement of 202 vintage street lamps from the city all painted gray.
someone looks away regretfully.
then walks past the door's broken pieces and down a few steps to the doorway.
across the dance floor, someone finds a blonde, young woman with a video camera of her own.
someone pulls someone and someone aside.
he throws the hair into a mini fridge with several other bagged scalps.
she offers a little smile and he regards her with shining eyes.
ahead, shimmering green light grows visible from around a bend.
she shoots him in his leg and he sinks to one knee.
someone approaches with her arms folded.
nearby, a trophy bearing his name stands by an alarm clock reading 4:00.
the serpentine creature leaps out at them.
sunlight glows through the studio windows as someone lies asleep face down on someones chest.
someone watches dreamily.
she hugs her.
a waitress brings two plates.
outside, someone opens his trunk to reveal the collection.
the picture fades to black.
a clock reads 6 oclock..
as someone approaches, they shove the boy to his knees at the front desk.
later, someone walks someone out.
they round a raised curb by a side entrance and park in a line along the courthouse.
now at a busy transit platform, a figure in a black suit, matching coat, and well-shined shoes steps off a train.
it opens as he walks out a man with a bearded chin.
an image of the orchid appears.
someone comes home.
looks on, dangling from its mouth.
as someone takes off her dress, someone peeks.
he imagines the robber shooting
someone climbs in beside someone.
someone lets her hand drift up to her own face,
he offers a pen.
younger friend wears a carefree grin.
someone dribbles side to side.
a concierge opens double doors to a courtyard.
someone releases his victim and staggers back, looking on.
he lifts his eyes and earnestly meets her gaze.
it strikes the lifeboat and shatters it.
on the street, they hurry over to the silver hatchback parked among other cars.
as they embrace, she yanks down his suspenders.
carnival someone stands outside a cinematograph.
the young beauty takes his hand.
he strangles her with her own dog tags.
which still sits atop the stone pedestal.
someone arrives at a table and points at its occupant.
the man rings the bell.
someone races to someone and finds her laying still in the water.
now, two robbers lead another hostage outside.
someone dozes beside him.
someone hugs him, then climbs into the cab.
in bed, someone stirs sleepily.
in rehearsa,l someone stands at a microphone.
she's eating a salad and going through the contract with a marker pen.
in a ship's pilothouse, someone stark watches the robot on a monitor.
gaining on them, the aliens round a corner.
the wedding planner reaches the stage and gestures furiously at the band.
someone notices a young woman using her cellphone outside the restaurant.
behind it sits a childhood photo of someone and his sister.
seated at his father's desk.
he lifts his lips and kisses the top of her head.
he and the men enter a room where someone lounges on a cot.
he circles one finger over his own head.
outside the club, the man takes off his jacket.
blinking back tears, someone meets his imploring gaze.
someone touches the wound.
someone digs out her cell phone.
as his son's light glows on his face, someone looks away and swallows.
the male and female dancers now stand staggered on the staircase, moving in unison.
he brings the other hand around to his cheek and holds him by the head.
turning his computer off, someone smiles and turns away.
as she crawls after him, he whacks her with the toilet tank lid.
the light on someone's helmet torch fades out.
someone tries to turn his car out of the way but the truck crashes through its rear half.
the instructor ceremoniously raises his open hand and smacks the boy's cheek.
he extends a bath-brush.
the window behind her shows someone and his black gay friend furtively carrying a piata.
he eyes someone's comrade as they pass.
someone stands and shakes his hand.
standing on the basement stairs with the radio, someone, someone, and someone look up innocently.
listening, someone's expression goes blank.
later, he brings a glass of water to the bedroom and halts.
now, pitch-black waves send up snow-white foam as they break.
the postman hands her an envelope and leaves.
she steps toward him.
and with his teeth bared glares at the giant.
turbans march with spears and scimitars through a surrealistic ruin.
now, someone sits at the edge of a curtained state bed, her hands folded in her lap.
someone hides a smile.
with a sad smile, she lowers her gun.
on an overcast day, someone brings a pizza to someone's house.
the young woman briefly hangs her head.
someone squeezes past his men and jumps from the window.
get someone's gorgeous.
the winds intensify, pelting the destroyer with chunks of concrete and flying cars.
he sits next to her on the bed.
as someone lifts his hand, a trace of light reflects on his palm and fingers.
she demurely backs off.
at night, a meerkat yawns with his hind legs hanging over a branch.
as another young woman bobs her head.
he taps on someone's glasses, then points at the foliage.
she leaves someone on the dancer's platform, claps her hands, and nods encouragingly.
later, the redhead unpacks items from boxes, while the dark-haired man goofs around in the half-settled bedroom.
the boy plays football.
nearby, someone's three buddies paddle out into the water.
his partner leans his head against a wall.
its view shows a blurry image of her face washed out by light.
throwing open its doors, he finds it empty.
in his room, someone talks on the phone while the two dead guards hang from the ceiling behind him.
someone fights off two more troopers, hurling one of them through the open bay.
someone pretends to hold someone's penis.
the next day they hug again.
inside the cavern, someone pops up, shifting his eyes side to side.
someone crouches with his men between two shacks.
he carefully makes his way down.
someone falls face down, eyes staring off as blood streams from his ruptured cheek.
he sees a bite on her arm.
he runs through the flaming room in his dirty and bloodstained white t-shirt.
the still waters reflect a bengal tiger stalking past.
the general and his aide cross a dim alcove and disappear through a bead curtain doorway.
he slowly tilts his head back, and his father turns to him.
someone hangs his head and someone looks away.
onstage, six captivating dancers - three on a platform, three in front - scoop their hips and twirl their hands.
someone approaches the tellers.
she rises and walks around the table at the head of the room.
someone making a goofy face behind a seated someone.
as the old man settles into a chair among stacks of books
she shifts on a branch.
inside, someone shakes a judge's hand.
the promoter stands near a window.
his family sips their champagne.
turning to go, she runs into someone with a snooty friend.
notices someone who lies on his stomach.
and picks lint of his shirt.
elsewhere in the city, someone stands at a bustling intersection and blinks her frustrated eyes.
someone's men skulk onward and he pads down the alley, glances up at the bleak apartments looming above him.
a girl watches nearby.
and look to your left.
someone raises his binoculars to see someone arrowing down the face of a cresting wave.
another photo shows a radiantly smiling someone.
someone drives up to a wide building.
he kicks the agent again as he tries to rise.
as they kiss, a monitor in the cia surveillance room shows their glowing heat signature.
someone pauses on his way out.
getting someone's attention,
then walks off.
someone strips down to a skimpy string bikini.
as she collects his time in a capsule,
under his stunned gaze, she hops her feet out and in, and extends her arms to match.
using the rim of the boat for support, he steps onto the bench and approaches the resting beast.
holloway regards him suspiciously.
she melts a chunk in her pan.
later, the hummer drives away.
he switches on a light then crouches over someone, feeling his brother's head and shoulders.
someone follows finding her crouched by the toilet.
someone scratches the back of his head under his camouflage cap.
grabs hold and jerks at it.
she climbs wearily onto the stage.
he pulls out the quill.
sitting on his raft, someone uses a knife to carve a wood panel from the boat into a slim, pointy spear.
they turn down a corridor.
clutching his leg, someone grits his teeth.
someone stands then walks to someone and takes his hand.
near a watchtower, someone rests his arms on a fence and gazes off pensively.
his hands curl tensely as they swing at his sides.
as he slips down the front of athena's robes, he catches himself on a marbled lock of hair.
he spots a tv.
he closes his eyes.
a flannel shirt hangs from the hood, flapping in the breeze.
he knocks on the trunk.
someone struts jauntily down the street and everyone who passes smiles at him.
someone and someone pull down sheriff someone.
where the heavy set techie sleeps with his mouth hanging open.
in slow motion, he runs across a series of docks spanning the roof as sparks fly from the rotor blades hitting the sign.
she stops and stares at two players.
he aims his weapon at someone.
losing control, someone leans forward and protectively pushes someone's head down.
someone carves his way up and down the face.
someone blows a dart at someone.
he turtle rolls, dipping underneath the board as a much larger wave crashes down.
now wearing only boxers, someone loops the ball under his leg and makes a layup.
he gives a cocky grin.
someone runs to the edge of the someone and glares at someone.
looking away, someone nods a little.
someone arrives bearing a covered tray.
he gets up and goes over to a wooden chest.
someone forces a grin.
she opens a door marked quiet room and bursts in on a lounging coworker.
someone halts, staring, and so does she.
outside, someone stands on the ladder and peers through a circular opening in the bomb that has louvers like a window shutter.
they watch someone pass, lugging his old, dirty board.
we peer through an arched hedge.
he raises his cell phone.
words appear: "russian military retreat."
the soldier seizes it, then kicks off the bottom and shoots back to the surface.
the destroyer kicks aside a car like a toy as someone stops a few feet away.
in the trashed restaurant, the guys stand up.
someone walks along beneath the covered walkway with the red and white emergency sign at the end of it.
he grabs her.
someone follows the boy outside.
the car speeds off.
someone taps his boss on the shoulder.
someone pushes him back.
someone wears a buttoned-down shirt.
someone watches as his burning ship tilts up,
someone faces someone and points.
robbers collect the food.
a circular pattern marks the ground.
the referee wrests him away.
across town, they run into the cemetery and over to the caretaker's shed which has several sets of doors.
blue lights come on revealing
sunlight flares on the misty air, starkly outlining her profile against the sea and the sky.
someone considers the cards.
his ratty gray hair is slicked over in a side parting
the flash back continues.
later, a paramedic faces someone.
her mouth pinches his lower lip and stretches it as she lets her head loll
someone climbs metal steps and studies one of the suits.
it stalks toward him.
behind him a cat pushes open a window and drops inside.
she bounces the ball between his legs and runs around him.
someone shoves someone to someone, and someone to someone.
then he kisses her again.
the man backs out.
someone runs to the puppeteers.
the demigods rush forward to meet him.
she winces disgustedly and wipes her mouth.
ahead, a man gets out of an old pickup.
they look at someone who leans against a brick wall across the park.
someone punches him in the nose.
someone kicks him hard in his side.
she curls up and covers her head as people step over and around her.
one train car slams into the back of a tanker car launching the cylindrical tank into the sky.
she wears her hair loose around her round, soft features.
now, a jazz trio performs at a fancy restaurant.
splashing the water,
the bright sun halos someone as he regards the knight.
he slides someone's ring onto his cane and touches the jewel knob to the someone.
he gets up swiftly and puts on his coat.
someone pours wine.
the boys stop at a collection of parked bicycles and goof around.
wound scars barely show on the right side of her face.
standing apart, someone snaps a photo, then smiles and winks at her.
he films the beer pong match.
ghost rider looks at one who flinches.
the young man spots them and his polite smile fades.
his enormous mass knocks someone onto his back on the canvas and the rat scurries along the cover.
as they run through a back gate they stop as an exploding tank tumbles across the ground toward them.
the coach's chewing gum balances on his slack lip.
he leaves a note on a young woman's pillow, cindy i had a great night.
the drones fire their guns as they charge toward the two men.
he places the figure in a bubble.
he leans forward, his elbows on his knees.
she smiles at someone, then rises and embraces him.
the emts wheeled the wounded girl into the operating room.
she slowly walks up the stairs.
someone ties a rope against the plank and leans out of the porthole.
stepping out of a door, someone takes a bottle from someone and sneaks up behind a thug with a gun.
a girlish singer in a slinky black dress leaves the stage and flirts with patrons on the dance floor.
now, someone and his attachment reach the sitting room.
someone points to dark storm clouds gathering above the building's pinnacle.
someone playfully taps someone on the nose.
back on earth, someone, someone and someone stare up at a blue sky marbled with fluffy white clouds.
someone caresses one of the nearby bottles, then stares at someone.
the killer faces the sedan with his mouth hanging open.
someone grabs his cellphone from a counter,
as high above their heads and watches them pass.
someone pulls a chair out from a nearby table and sits facing his friends.
she jogs out of a subway in new york.
someone rests his cheek against the side of the beam.
grimacing he shakes his head.
seat at the table and crosses her legs.
they duck down as a night watchman walks past the door.
someone rises to her feet and flails wildly.
someone falls into step with him.
someone reaches into his jacket and takes out his cell phone.
the slim policeman approaches the entrance and tries the doors.
he beats her again and again.
someone exits the phone booth and heads for the bridge.
the butcher shoves her away, then grabs her by the tunic and flings her aside.
someone shields someone's view as they all crash into a band.
the clerk locates someone's record.
she grins girlishly at someone, who smiles from his seat among the guests.
it lands close to us and bobs peacefully in the water.
someone sits on a rock, pointing.
a crusader someone plays chess with a little winged angel by a rocky shore.
two couples make out in front of some bushes where someone and someone hide.
windows give the illusion of a peaceful winter scene.
kisses someone then runs off.
with his eyes averted from his wife, he takes a sip of tea.
she looks down at her watch.
the trooper falls.
back in the desert, someone studies the sky as dust fills the air.
someone alley-oops to butler who hangs from the hoop by one hand.
it doubles in size each time.
later, someone pulls a small red car into someone's driveway.
from an upper landing a hunched old man smokes a cigar as he rides a motorized chair down a staircase.
someone reaches for someone.
he flinches as another grenade lands in the shack and deploys.
he helps his son up.
back on the ship, someone uses his cell.
as some of his gunmen give chase, someone talks into his radio.
she smiles at him warmly.
someone unlocks the door and retrieves a knapsack from the closet.
he sets it down on the corner of his desk for someone.
someone runs up an alley, then leaps over a chain-link fence in a single bound.
two more guards charge someone.
he stares at his phone.
lowering the flashlight, she looks at the snap hooks then surveys the surrounding area.
someone tackles someone onto a couch.
wide-eyed someone runs after the man and pushes him out of the way of a bus.
he slowly turns away, keeping his menacing eyes locked on hers.
he leads his three accomplices through a suite of offices, each containing a number of captives.
the strange characters fill several rows.
in the bathroom, someone looks up.
they bump knuckles.
someone removes a panel on the crate.
later as they follow the sidewalk, the young beauty casually bumps against someone, then tucks her hair behind her ear.
he flips back several pages and studies a red hued painting of a figure standing under bare trees before a distant building.
later a newscast shows someone.
claude takes a drag from his cigarette, burns his finger, and drops it.
her glistening eyes stare wistfully.
as someone steps out, the storm bounces him around.
we arrive at an upscale oceanside neighborhood.
her gaze fixed on her estranged laotong.
as someone trudges back to the stereo, someone heaves a ponderous breath.
through a doorway, he finds someone giving an interview.
someone sits on a boulder nearby.
now, our bird's eye view slowly moves toward the chernobyl power plant.
he begins sweeping everything off his bench into the bin.
the archers take aim.
someone stares at the sky then furrows his brow.
as they head up to the street, she takes his arm in a friendly gesture.
who trudges slowly along a wall.
someone stands on a window ledge.
others landing in the water.
as they hook another bale, someone nods.
a moment later, their bodies fly through a false wall revealing the hospital room to be inside a warehouse.
he looks down at the coin, his hands shaking with effort.
our view lifts over the rim of the stadium to the rows of sparsely filled seats surrounding the brightly lit boxing ring.
its greek text translates to read athena.
inside the bank, someone waits as the president fills a sack with money from the safe.
she grabs her breasts.
someone comes over to someone.
he looks at a group of photos hanging above a workstation off to one side of the hanger,
meanwhile, two contortionists lie with their chins to the stage.
someone quickly pivots his crane and smashes him back.
the six penguins and two babies walk in single file behind them.
his hands slung in his pockets, he heads toward the entrance.
someone searches a container then shuts a drawer in the armoire.
the dog stands on the unmade bed and watches someone.
inside, someone's slender long-legged silhouette stands, petting a horse.
he takes her to a draped painting.
on their way upstairs, he glances back at someone who sneers and points.
in the fbi office, agent someone thoughtfully stares at a someone orchid
still astride his horse, someone doesn't move a muscle.
now an elevator opens and someone hurries out.
someone comes out with another girl and greets someone with a big hug.
amid the chaos of battle, a soldier stabs the top of a vampire's head, then pulls his blade out and runs on.
light shines in through narrow windows along the slanted ceiling and illuminates spinning gears and exposed steel girders.
from beneath her skirt, she rolls down a pair of black leggings.
as they make out, we look on from the far end of the table.
he lunges tauntingly at someone.
jumping up, he kicks his opponent to the mat.
someone slips on her glasses and checks her notes, as someone glances at someone and someone.
in a parlor, a woman paints his nails black.
he finally turns to someone and offers his hand.
in extreme slow motion, the flailing men plummet beside the aircraft.
someone and someone reach a more populated area where they pass men in jumpsuits heading to the factory.
nestor leads them to a large underground chamber.
someone squeezes his eyes closed as her bullets hit the floor near his feet.
he strikes again, and the minotaur backhands him into a tree.
gooey syrup trails stringily from her shoe.
someone takes him to a classroom.
someone the hyena darts out.
twisting around, he seizes back.
she throws him the ball.
he gently leads her onward.
moving around the house, they find mrs. speer coming out onto the back porch.
someone and someone follow the others into the room.
sitting on the closed toilet, someone consults someone harvey's book.
someone bumps him angrily and strokes his throat, then hunches over and pants.
with toilet paper trailing from his shoe, the infected man chases him toward his car.
someone offers the joint.
as the reunited friends chat, someone stands awkwardly apart.
at the front door, someone hugs and kisses her father goodbye.
keeping his gaze on here, someone gives a soft nod.
he lowers his hand and someone drops to her knee
someone hops into the now empty cockpit and closes the canopy.
someone crawls out of the window and twists himself around.
someone obeys each repeated command.
someone and his parents watch a newscast.
on either side of the cargo ship, the opposing fleets face each other.
he answers his satellite phone.
concierge knits his brow and frowns.
she takes off two layers of leather jackets.
their lips still locked, someone rises and holds her in his arms.
someone eyes him flatly, then looks to her right.
someone flips them off.
the baby-faced shooter raises a someone gun.
someone heads back to them.
someone gets on his bike.
outside, the party-goers watch through a huge wall of glass surrounding the room.
a balding clerk faces them.
at night, someone sits at a cubicle in the darkened office.
someone looks around then leans back in his chair.
inside the command truck, someone uses a phone.
someone leaps six feet up, then falls on his face.
dark smoke pours out of an engine as the plane shifts and settles.
she submerges then shoots 20 feet out of the water and crashes down on the patio table.
they watch the fist withdraw back inside someone.
she slips off a pair of red someone panties from under her skirt.
someone crouches near someone and the baby on the living room floor.
someone pushes her way through the crowd after him.
someone glares darkly at the evil magician.
later, someone opens his front door to his long-haired friend, someone.
he bellows a stream of flaming bullets at the guard.
someone allows a humble smile.
someone descends in black stiletto heels and a flattering black cocktail dress that pushes up her cleavage.
she enters and flips a switch, lighting the cheerily decorated apartment.
someone and someone stare at the towering vessel, their jaws hanging slack.
a brunette woman speaks into a microphone.
the water inside ripples, driving the fish off.
a tall curly-haired woman with big hips gawks, smiling as she charges.
the former brooklyn-er walks past it.
the writer gives a slight frown.
inside his empty apartment, someone answers the door.
an investigator leans closer.
he sags as lightning arcs around the room.
someone leads someone off the train and hails a motorcycle taxi.
someone pulls away but the corpse slides closer.
she goes.
someone watches with a defiant smirk.
he accidentally turns on his wipers and they glide across the windshield.
someone halts the transfer.
someone steps out, followed by a shapely young blonde.
everyone looks up.
someone turns away remorsefully and shuffles across the mat.
someone watches as someone checks his phone
a technician plugs a hose into the pod and locks him into place.
someone turns the thiefs inside out coat back the right way then shakes out the wrinkles.
someone summons up a breath and arches his brows.
stepping back, someone aims at the door.
male and female fairies pass by.
she eyeballs him.
the boys straighten someone again.
someone calls out from the deejay booth.
the hostess hands them menus.
someone and someone move in close to him and they all spy on standing at his daughter's bedside.
we zoom out the window, then zip around the building into another class.
as she approaches someone, someone turns back to the bar.
someone gapes, and someone gives a stunned smirk.
one demonstrates his golf swing.
someone glances over the car at the boys, then ducks as someone turns in his direction.
in the waiting room, dr.
she lifts her eyes to his then glances at an older man at a desk nearby.
meanwhile, the sniper scope targets a guard.
someone stares at his mom for a moment, then squeezes his eyes shut.
as the ride's base shoots into the air, the zombie plummets, striking the tower on his way down.
on the roof, still turning the hand wheel, someone watches his enemy rise to his feet.
turning a corner into a covered marketplace, someone sprints past an arcade and various vendors.
someone looks down and gives a noncommittal shrug.
someone turns his head away from his brother.
at a dining table, someone glances at her as he writes.
someone and someone both stare straight ahead for a long moment, then, in unison, shift their curious eyes toward each other.
she catches herself and rubs her chest.
he gently lifts her chin.
someone slips through, followed by someone.
someone narrowly escapes.
in his room someone tosses a green-tailed dart to someone, which lands in his friend's screwdriver.
the fugitive pretends to read a folded newspaper.
someone shuts his door.
someone turns off the tv.
pausing, the president looks up at his old friend.
someone squares a stack of notecards on his desk then rises from his seat.
now she chops off an artichoke stem.
they move past the series of tall thin florescent lights in a heavy circular door.
someone shifts her anxious gaze.
the board falls and hits him in the head.
someone shuffles the cards as he stares at the boy.
he takes aim and reaches out to open it.
inside the restaurant, pepper, someone, and other patrons stand and watch someone on television.
the cube flies across the room and punches a hole through a poster of the space shuttle on someone's bedroom wall.
beside him, someone texts on her cell and someone gives a disappointed look.
someone joyfully clasps her hands around her friend's.
the creature grabs someone and knocks him from one side of the bus to the other.
someone frowns and smooths his shirt.
standing on a table, a girl claps.
a pudgy boy holds a pair of boots.
she keeps just ahead of the barrel as it closes behind her.
smiling, someone watches as someone's touch decays the emt's body until it crumbles apart.
now someone stares across the pews at the alter where golden candlesticks surround a crucified jesus statue.
the others shoot the creature down again with a shot to the groin.
she sways her shoulders, prompting his hands to her waist,
someone mouths, oh god and searches the shelves around her.
she chucks the gift card at him.
men seating in one cell glance upward as a guard's limp body falls onto the barred opening above them.
someone's brow knits and he blinks at her woundedly.
outside, dusk falls as someone pedals his bicycle across a neighborhood street
a box of condoms sit open.
someone gets a text from someone, "where the hell are you?"
in another office, someone reads up on chelsie shallenburger on her laptop.
she gives someone a once over.
as his brawny opponent stares at the ground, someone locks gazes with the monarch.
someone follows someone out of the shop.
through a curtain, the young man enters the hopping nightclub.
with the pummel, he hammers four corners of a stone step set on the octagonal base of the monument.
sitting in the shop, someone dabs away a tear.
as she reads, a smile spreads across her face.
small white cubes litter the ground, someone picks up one of them.
straightening his hat, the inspector walks stiffly towards the woman as she sets up shop.
inside, someone and her brothers look out a window.
someone releases his weapon as he falls back.
she gets a reading on a handheld device.
someone lowers his gaze, someone grabs her handbag and marches out once more.
just over a hill, a large impact crater sits in a wide valley.
they kiss.
he changes out of his pointy footwear.
clad in a fuzzy robe, she brushes her teeth.
he eats it, then smiles.
the body touches down gently.
now a round-faced woman with long, black hair opens its door.
the front of a sweatshirt unzips revealing glittering skin underneath.
he turns see through but doesn't disappear.
someone fumbles two items from his pocket and sets them on the table.
she leaves the window and regards an architectural model of a city block set up on a table.
someone hobbles to the raised bed,
he sees the female lacrosse player watching his googly eyed response.
now in their bedroom, someone packs a suitcase.
he grabs his partner's weapon and attacks the new arrival knocking the monster over the edge.
looking on, someone allows an amused smile.
as she catches up with the others, a pickup truck loaded with scientific equipment passes in front of them.
now she arrives at her deluxe room with the clothes draped over her arm.
now, the preteen boy in braces shows off sprouting armpit hairs.
someone throws more bottles, one of which knocks the sword out of someone's hand.
someone glances at his feet, then heads off through the crowd.
now, the sun shines brightly outside their converted warehouse building.
riding a motorbike, someone catches up to them.
turning away from someone, someone moves through the chamber, his eyes scanning the ground.
then stares forward with a steely gaze.
the others climb out as well.
he lets her fall and she lands on the net, bouncing high into the air.
now draws his gun and pursues someone on foot.
holding the bird, someone lands on a floating dock near the karaboudjan.
at the lounge, a bartender carries crates of glasses and the band rehearses.
as someone sits patiently someone reads from an index card.
he looks down the length of the board to the tail and finds three empty slits.
someone climbs up into the hold as the wheels retract.
as someone stares at her husband, someone steps up beside her, scrutinizing her response.
she holds its screen up close viewing someone at the front door.
he leaps over the counter of a games hut then slides barred metal gates across the windows.
an engineer ship rises into view.
he scans the busy intersection, finding no sign of his clingy paramour.
she trudges away and the customer steps up.
the someone smiles.
someone knocks on the door, then opens it.
their lips meet in a tender kiss.
she tentatively steps inside.
pepper and someone step out and join someone as he enters the hotel.
the mother kisses her daughter's head.
someone finds the little black notebook.
the zombie falls off.
these bubbles emerge from small craters.
she glances at someone.
elsewhere, hoover listens on the radio and pinches the bridge of his nose.
another girl tickles the doorman's lips and he smiles.
agent someone watches the video feed.
little blackie forages onward, kicking up dust in his wake.
now, a hulking black inmate strides past a row of cells and enters a common room where someone reads a newspaper.
in front of the tiger enclosure, someone gives a talk.
he jumps around to face the agent.
he drives along a dirt road beside a pasture then stops.
he flings a throwing star into the zod posters face.
he steps out of the gangway and stares disbelievingly.
meanwhile, someone finds someone backstage.
the girl yanks it free.
he faces an open laptop and punches.
someone slips the note into his wallet as he steps into the hallway.
the guard removes the man's hood and tosses it on the table then posts himself in the corner of the room.
someone shakes a snow globe, then sets it in front of someone.
she balks.
someone turns to find someone missing from her chair.
someone makes the two-handed catch above his shoulder.
someone turns the pages of a comic book depicting the krishna story.
someone's fingers cradle her face as he returns the passionate
elsewhere, peeking out of his blinds, someone watches the mailman across the street.
now, a neon sign over a burger stand reads, "the corner."
the secretary of defense holds a phone receiver in each hand.
looking out the window, he sees someone on the next roof.
the remaining two converge to reveal someone aiming a gun on his estate.
wearing suspenders over his t-shirt, he grabs the bottles.
someone touches a plain-faced woman, giving her someone's likeness.
someone stops dancing and gazes across the lounge toward the sound booth.
her mother covers someone's hands with her own.
she grabs his microphone.
licks his lips, his head bowed slightly.
someone watches from his corner table.
the woman sashays to someone who folds his arms and glances away.
seven years after his historic ride, someone drowned while free diving in the maldives.
he shows a modified rifle.
he sets her down and goes.
the image dissolves to night time, where an alien tosses a blanket onto a bonfire.
he removes his shirt.
who straddles a scooter.
some reporters spot him, so he reverses and drives back onto the main road.
his dry, cracked lips rest slightly open.
someone sits calmly on the edge of a desk.
as someone leaves, someone watches the rich stranger and the minutemen.
someone watches her shift giddily then glances away.
picking her up, someone carries her into her bedroom.
now she pulls up outside a modern home and parks.
he uncomfortably averts his eyes, then opens the driver's side door and a businessman climbs out.
a guard rushes over, his gun pointed at someone.
grumpy steps forward and taps it with
as they tussle in the middle of the street, simon notices.
engulfing him, it washes over the staircase landing, to the floor below.
one train cart slams like a missile into the side of the depot, exploding the building to splinters.
the bikers aim guns at someone.
our view whizzes to the bleachers, where another girl chats with a couple.
the reach a house gate and face each other, sharing a warm smile.
he serenely looks up at the ascending saucer-shaped craft.
with her back to the door, she sits on the edge of the table.
later in the bedroom, someone turns on an ipod.
he gestures her forward.
someone steps onto the chair then inspects the panel.
the grocery store's produce section, someone reaches for a bag of apples on a high shelf.
with expert precision they shoot up old bottles and cans on the tailgate of a rundown pickup.
pots drops a bottle drop on him.
someone sniffs the missile.
at home, someone carries a stack of newspapers upstairs.
he sets his dish on the floor.
a few more dart past, carried by the wind.
someone subdues a glare.
someone sucks on his straw as if it's a cigarette.
someone clasps his friend's hand, hauls him to his feet, and gently taps his stomach with his board.
someone solemnly faces his friends.
someone glances nervously at the kung fu master, then drops his gaze.
someone frowns, sniffing the air, and looks around.
someone turns to the soldier
someone follows her.
clad in biker briefs, someone grabs her around the waist and carries her back in.
someone sips from a bottle as they walk near woods.
a man snorts coke.
as the storm rages outside, someone's helmet view shows fluid streaming from the urns.
a zombie climbs close to them.
someone steps past toppled workstations.
as someone shoves more food into his mouth, someone rises.
someone beheads his foe and finds someone in pants, swirling her long skirt like a cape.
written by diablo cody, directed by someone reitman.
the canvas tarp covering the back of the truck bulges repeatedly.
someone steps closer.
as someone and someone both go for the can they slip on the grass.
at the front of the crowd, someone and queen someone bow as the young couple passes.
as he heads deeper into the woods, someone, someone and
he strolls outside the studio.
at an open house, someone stares off sadly.
sketches hang out of a few half-open drawers and a dresser 10 drawers high.
someone cringes and gulps down more whiskey, then frowns and puffs on the joint.
his apprentice follows.
swaying with someone in his arms, someone spots someone watching them.
she opens the door then immediately closes it.
he gives the trashcan a kick then grabs his aching leg.
she lands gracefully at ground level.
on a large monitor, she watches aerial news footage of investigators unearthing a corpse.
she looks up at her uncle with a resolute gaze.
she takes out a souffl.
on another day, our view travels across his bedroom to find him hard at work at his desk.
as someone's hand grips his son's arm, someone's lips tremble.
the clipping shows photos of a smiling young woman and a pudgy-cheeked young boy.
it hits the window and shatters it.
the stickman returns the dice to him, a croupier adds two more stacks of chips to his winnings, and someone and someone both blow on the dice.
someone opens the door, fixing her hair.
the others flee.
a dust cloud rises from the ground where someone's horse has fallen.
the thoughtful young man contemplatively cocks his head as they drive through an industrial area.
at hammer industries, the first guard knees someone in the stomach, punches him, and slams his face onto a counter.
the suv swerves off the road then flips end over end.
now in a millinery workshop, someone sits before an unadorned hat on a stand.
someone sets someone in a seat near the platform.
as someone walks away, someone tosses his cigarette and joins someone in the kitchen.
he connects cables to the box, then breaks a hole through the living room floor above into the ceiling of his laboratory.
slowly, the two men make their way toward the nose of the plane.
someone punches a guard.
he lowers his feet to the leopard print carpet
bright lights shine in their eyes.
the candidate glances at a newspaper on the bed, then sits primly.
the chauffeur nods and unlocks a back door.
someone eyes the beat up silver car, with its missing front bumper, and exposed radiator as it peels out.
seeing her, he halts.
she stuffs it back in.
he drops the rolled up dollar and slides back to retrieve it.
staying close to her father, someone notices someone with a bewildered vulnerable gaze.
later, someone awakes in bed beside the brown-haired man who sleeps beside her with his arm draped over her stomach.
he shoots a seemingly endless length of chain from his mouth.
which turns into the automaton's face and then back to his own again.
working with his distilling equipment, someone slips his arm into his crutch then limps toward the driveway.
someone glares coldly.
he embraces her.
someone joyfully strolls up to join them.
someone checks his wristwatch.
he puts his hand on someone's tail.
he shifts her feet a smidge on the coffee table and sits facing her.
she browses pastries then tastes a pair.
its eyes remain closed.
as he holds it in suspension, the spider's legs all helplessly splay outward, pulled taut.
later, an or light illuminates someone's restful face.
the protg falls then springs to his feet.
someone glares over his aimed pistol.
the sedan reaches a booth labeled time zone 12 border.
someone stoically checks his watch again.
on the wall behind her, a framed painting shows a boxer with both gloves raised triumphantly in the air.
young someone halts on his way out and she kisses his ring.
she moves past a man in the urinal and continues on to a back room.
someone lifts a large white hood off the sink.
the team shoots a cooking segment.
someone drops to the floor again.
someone straightens his cap under the foreman's stern gaze and hooks the next sack.
now, someone watches a tv weather report.
now as we face a stairway behind an entertainment system.
someone frames the location with his open hands.
back inside, someone aims his gun at the president.
she tearfully meets his gaze before glancing away.
later, a student-filled bus passes the gate bordering tiananmen square and the forbidden city.
the aging man grimaces.
someone lowers the holograph and pushes it out in front of himself.
shading her eyes, kitty peers out at him, he waves.
someone holds up the box of sustengo.
someone steals a curious glance.
she knocks.
someone hops out of the sports car and joins someone who stands in a long line to get in.
on a street corner, someone addresses a crowd from a soapbox.
cleaning supplies from a storage cage, a push broom
she sucks cake from her hair.
small fires burned throughout the vast crash site.
he observes three hourglass formations before him.
in bed, someone reads a worn letter, then sniffs a dried flower folded inside.
they help the brunette out.
later someone rides in a vintage convertible speedster as someone drives.
someone's silhouette appears in profile above them.
someone leans his face against the clock as someone and the inspector head back downstairs.
he bats someone away.
hovering over the group, our view turns away from the grassy ridge, for a final glimpse of the vast cove and its pristine surroundings.
reaching the edge of the party, he arrives at a crenelated terrace, overlooking the citys distant gleaming skyline.
he unbuckles his seat belt.
she purses her lips.
they rescan their ids and pass back through the security gate.
hidden in a shadowy space, someone gets a firm grip on the chain.
someone peeks out from the kitchen.
someone grins irritated.
his handsome features set in a haggard frown.
meanwhile, someone and someone flee down a street, still holding hands.
someone lies in a pocket left underneath the ship, saved by the formation of jagged rocks behind her.
snowy runs to a nearby gap in the brick wall.
a dark haired faculty member arrives.
offers his limp hand to one of three hunters, and the man shakes it.
now with the stage set to resemble the dressing room, someone and the dancers mime preparations for a show.
he draws in his sketchbook, looking at the city skyline from a rooftop.
shifting her increasingly troubled gaze,
someone checks his phone then returns it to his jacket pocket.
outside, the black suv drives off.
he kisses her, then lowers himself on top of her.
children sketch a shirtless model.
then gets up and goes to her side.
troopers fire at him with blasters.
someone advances, slicing someone's arm and cutting his leg.
the lion gets down off his rock and takes a few steps towards someone, holding the gate shut from the outside.
while someone lifts his brow and smiles.
she strokes his eyebrow.
reporter tintin unmasks tribe of gangsters, and, reporter uncovers crime ring.
he points to a door, but someone emerges.
propeller blades strike someone' shield.
madame someone shakes her head.
someone spots his sword near the minotaur then hurries around the tree and grabs the horn.
someone's brow creases uncertainly.
holding a coffee with both hands, someone stares at him.
someone summons a breath, someone glances at her.
someone's eyes widen and he shakes his head.
the display indicates an incoming call from gold coast real estate.
someone leads someone to the middle of the dance floor.
he rolls a seven.
someone sets the player in a dock.
someone squats and looks over the array of spirits.
now inside the cab, ghost rider shoots flames from his skull, shattering the cab's windows.
he looks at himself in a mirror.
everyone turns.
elsewhere, someone continues down a highway, shifting his glaring eyes between his mirror and the road.
someone catches the bird, points him in a new direction, and releases him.
now a gift box sits on a dressing-room stool.
someone watches moon lying on the floor shaking and grimaces.
as a waiter removes baer's fur coat.
the executives walk out.
his right hand trembles severely and he uses his left to steady it.
now, topsey and turvey join someone on the country road.
later, someone rides his motorcycle through a reflective white tiled tunnel as someone holds on to him from behind.
fighting for control, and she punches him in the face.
as the men hurry out of sight, she fidgets.
now someone strides down an aisle in a used book store.
his mug filled, someone stands watching someone as he spins his jacket around his shoulders once again.
they brandish their guns.
she kisses each of them on the cheeks leaving huge lipstick marks.
depositing her backpack on the bed, she moves through the space, examining it with a keen perceptive gaze.
someone opens the front door.
someone waxes the refinished car.
he crouches and lifts up a hatch in front of his feet.
as the pair leaves, the customers rush into the vault and clean it out.
leaving the woods, someone rounds a turn, stops running and stares.
the arrow soars free.
at dusk, someone switches on a bedroom light then walks through his house.
smiling, someone holds a full wine glass up to the drinking bird.
a heavy-set blond on a massage table looks up, her hair hiding her face.
as the audience listens appreciatively, the band members peek out from backstage.
he lifts the straw to his lips and drinks.
someone nods and swiftly stands.
in an office, they roll out the blueprint.
he sweeps his flashlight over the edge.
now matveyev takes the podium.
someone notices the dot of his laser pointer on his chest.
someone offers her hands, then guides her sister up from her seat.
performing on stage, someone wears a long striped dress as she sits on a dangling swing.
she knocks over a giant toy robot.
someone consoles her friend, who wipes her eyes.
another suv pulls into the lot.
later, indoors, a sign reads, emergency relief administration of new jersey.
he steps to a worktable covered in gears, sprockets, and schematic drawings.
someone queasily turns away.
outside, someone looks up.
she turns it, showing the title.
she sets it down and opens its door.
a torn piece of toilet paper, with a spot of blood, hangs over his eye.
he presses the call button,
someone taps someone with her foot.
at the archives someone takes gottfried's obituary to her laptop.
she grabs his hands and he helps her up.
someone takes up the goblets.
he writes in the survival book.
ravel watches the feed.
sitting outside, someone draws in his sketchbook.
the man, rene someone,
the blonde visitor finds the bald stage manager conferring with the diva.
someone punches someone in the face, which multiplies momentarily.
someone watches as someone finds a box with a twinkies label and a hole blown out of its side.
they find a gaunt man in a monk like robe standing in a rowboat.
they ascend a cresting wave and ride down the other side.
someone marches towards them.
someone takes the wheel and motors off, driving away from the pickup.
holloway moves deeper in through the evenly spaced urns.
someone pulls out a blue energy pistol.
she appears stuck in a snowdrift of flour.
someone surfaces from the bed sheets then gives her a smug smile.
someone leaps out unharmed.
she grabs a pot from the stove as someone continues feasting.
someone takes it and reads it.
later, someone rides his bike through an alley,
she stares off thoughtfully, then shifts her eyes back to him.
as someone approaches the hallway, doors slide shut.
cheering fans fill a large arena.
someone lifts someone's dress off over her head.
he opens a nesting doll.
he considers her challenging look.
as the bus pulls out two police officers exit the alley.
he sees someone pull out of the parking lot in a beat up sedan.
someone smiles and accepts an incoming call.
someone folds back the sleeve of her flannel shirt and checks her watch,
two officers approach.
someone fights to free himself from the chair in his own makeshift operating room.
the two henchmen look around.
someone slowly opens a door and peers into the plane's spacious cockpit where a high-backed chair sits in front of a bank of windows.
he tosses someone a jacket.
the taxi crosses a lofty stone bridge spanning the tranquil river.
someone rolls off of her and flips on a lamp.
someone sips his drink as he watches his friend leave.
he hits a button
he frowns as he flips through the pages.
he reaches between their legs and pulls her into a kiss.
someone slowly sits back up.
the ladies pump their fists at their rocking hips.
groups of penguins greet the new arrivals.
someone mashes his teeth around his gag as he stares pleadingly at his wife.
someone shrugs her hand.
at the table, she sits with someone.
then shuffles over.
standing beside his buddy, someone, someone stares at someone.
later, the raft arrives at a shore facing a stately brick church.
nurses load vials into panels flanking the operating table.
someone sighs at the crammed together buildings.
an approaching porcupine startles the rookie and he backs away, fumbling a few posts.
he wags his finger in his chin.
beside her bed is a framed photo of her and someone.
someone secures a chain to the truck and tops inside.
someone moves faster.
a view from outside shows the van shaking.
as the teen strides past two valets, someone tosses the box in the air.
he shifts his gaze to the other men, then turns back to someone.
someone stands by smiling as someone gives his son a hug.
he looks down at her from his horse.
he tosses down his empty shotgun.
they pat each other on the shoulder.
swat officers climb a stairwell.
now a hawaiian airliner soars over turquoise water.
she shows the book.
she checks her watch, then examines a record album cover.
morning, the families raise the american flag on the boathouse's rooftop patio.
a someone unhoods a hatchet faced man with wild black hair.
the photographer reaches down from the stern.
as he falls unconscious, someone returns.
the tiger moves to it.
in trafalgar square, planes streak over cheering crowds waving british flags.
as the train moves forward, the rod lifts keaton's body in a circular motion.
someone finds a purple box in the gift bag.
she rubs her nose over his knuckles and he makes a fist.
he kisses her instep again.
approaching the vault, officers spread out.
someone emerges in her bib front apron and watches her husband shut the door behind him.
an image of flowers lying on a tiny grave dissolves into a helicopter soaring over a dreary river dotted with eyelets.
now, the sun crests a buildings steeply pitched roof.
someone frowns, shifts in his seat, and squarely faces someone.
someone stands across the room.
elsewhere in his cell, someone sits leaning against a sink.
facing the house, she finds her mother giving an encouraging smile.
tilting her head.
a window shows someone tossing down his bulletproof vest as he returns.
someone nods, then sorrowfully shakes her head.
outside, someone answers his phone.
he lines up the images to show overlapping patterns.
someone drops his jacket on the floor and turns on the tv.
someone faces him and someone bolts.
as another boy struggle to separate them.
someone gazes pensively.
she grabs a toothbrush on the ground and stabs him with it.
the others find someone's face green and distorted.
he smiles and they kiss.
he swings his legs into the water, and drops his unhooked ankle leash onto his board.
someone finds a blonde with aristocratic features at his door.
someone steps onto the port side bench and taps again, relocating the tiger with another piece.
later, someone tosses balls to someone who's still on the tightrope.
with a knowing smile, someone leaves someone staring at the image.
he swivels his chair around to lock eyes with someone.
someone slides across a white limo's hood.
then cranes in fast for a kiss.
now, a triumphant someone drives while the guys drink beer.
someone removes the cigarette from his fingers and adjusts his head, so he can breathe easily.
outside a hydra facility, someone leaps on to the top of a large armored tank and slices the hatch open with his shield.
he moves to her unfinished piece.
in an office, the deputy chief flicks the cut.
he shows the envelope.
she waves and he gives her a half-hearted smile as he returns the gesture.
she flutters it.
he sees a person bandaging a patient's leg and a hand sponging a woman's forehead.
he arrives at the penderghast front door and knocks.
as the point of someone's tail nears beast's left eye, someone steps out of the sub.
the frustrated opponent throws down his cue and storms out.
her lips trembling, the girl turns back to face her.
perched on the edge of a hot tub, someone stares ahead and lowers the phone.
he kisses her temple, then stands aside as she crosses to someone.
later, they eat as they go through his findings.
both wear jeans.
on board, someone and someone fall into a pair of unoccupied seats and catch their breath.
agent someone waves smoke out of his face.
inside, someone rocks her child in a baby seat.
she kisses him.
someone and hurt wait patiently in the recessed storefront.
on the ground, one of someone's scorpion-like fighting creatures nibbles on a dead thug lying slumped over the penned fence.
broken hoses, tubes and wires dangle from the ceiling panel surrounding the chandelier.
spar bares his teeth.
now someone's wedding deejay opens a front door.
a messenger bows.
someone swats her back with some clothing.
now someone arrives on the sidewalk.
quickly reversing, he turns the front end toward someone.
someone notices the young blonde woman gazing at him.
his soaked fur revealing his lean frame.
she looks exactly like someone.
someone turns and stalks the orangutan who backs against the canvas' edge.
then lifts his eyes to the tables where his staff members drink and chat.
as someone lies on a table, the beautician spreads wax above his left nipple.
someone's bed stands empty.
the two guards stare at someone.
as she stares off,
follows mrs. gould to their table.
it continues to reverse, driving over the mercedes's hood and crushing it.
someone stares with doe-like eyes, then lowers her dark lashes.
the boys' mouths fall open as they watch nearby.
rain reflects against the glass.
he sets it before the feeding corridor.
the creature lurches closer and closer toward the three children.
in the stands, the fundamentalists stare as other students smile and clap.
inside the cabin, someone comes to a rest on the ceiling, and someone sees a young boy slip out of his seat.
the young woman kisses the girl's forehead.
now the dancers drum their hips.
brightening, she takes it out and studies it.
she snatches the balloon.
a worker mends a track below as she creeps along,
someone glances at the half burnt down joint, then guzzles from a crystal decanter.
as the white limo halts, someone gets out of the stalled silver one and grabs someone by the arm.
his bewildered gaze shifts between someone and the shirt.
someone beams and prances away.
someone shakes his head and leaves.
now adult someone sits in a therapist office.
now, sitting aboard an outrigger canoe, someone nods and accepts a container.
as the other men scatter, someone leaps onto the grenade as someone approaches him.
as she reaches for the handle, the car lurches forward.
as the creature wraps its tentacles around the engineer, she wriggles out from beneath them both.
he puts the glasses back on.
he shoves the comforter aside.
she wears a pink and white lei around her neck.
someone grips the necklace chain as the locket moves toward the ship.
someone fearfully turns and one of the eggshells cracks.
sparks rain down erratically from the ceiling as she ventures past the bar, her axe ready, and approaches a doorway.
they row through the low-lying mist, leaving the other boats far behind.
someone keeps a finger to his temple.
he offers a restrained smile.
silicon breast enhancers stick to her chest.
a group of soldiers with blue crested helmets races through the trees.
he takes his hand out of hers.
swaying on his feet.
someone smiles and shuts the door.
in the control room, someone picks up a clear canister containing the glowing blue energy source as the timers continue to countdown.
someone drops someone in the water.
he extends his hand.
rounding a corner, he breaks into a run.
someone looks away, shakes his head, and takes a few deep breaths.
the lifeboat carries someone through the wreckage.
outside people bustle around the campgrounds.
now with their guns aimed, someone heads down a stairwell with a few other soldiers.
headlights gleaming, the dusty hummer halts inches before the park's main gate.
she turns to her coworker.
stone is laid on the base of a cross at barnsdale.
he jabs someone's stomach.
straightening, someone folds his arms,
someone hands up someone's documents to someone who sits behind him.
someone throws a thin object.
someone's hair moves as the creature breathes on him.
the woman sits facing him.
his friend joins in.
rocks fall from the ceiling.
she chases them with a stick.
and reaches the truck and yanks
the scottish woman bears the name someone.
they sidestep in unison.
she goes to the water's edge.
his father regards him with a bitter scowl as he leads the convoy at high speed away from ruins.
now at smart tech, someone finds someone in an armchair watching a wall of tvs.
someone turns to the exit.
his mouthpiece tumbles across the canvas leaving a trail of spit.
the governor answers the door.
she eats ice cream.
reaching into his supply bag, someone produces a letter.
grabbing him by his shirt, the aggressor lifts the boy, then drops on his back, and flings him over his head.
someone kisses her and faces the driver.
now, as a rider approaches a humble country chapel, a word appears - nottingham.
a domed structure stands against the backdrop of rugged mountains.
the scanner glides over her body.
she pretends to munch on his ear.
dusk falls over new york.
he pulls the driver out.
the three shipmates raise their arms overhead.
sitting beside her great-aunt, she stares ahead coldly.
on the tracks, someone holds the baton to his thrusting hips like a penis.
they both arrive at the montclair mature singles club,
she tilts her head toward her boyfriend and looks at him with glistening eyes.
he nods to someone who turns on a fan.
now we ascend through clouds.
the young someone smiles at someone, who slips on a fake beard then gestures with his finger.
the crew sits in the gallery with their headphones on.
his expression darkens.
missing dog - someone.
the teens dug behind a row of columns.
he jackhammers a hole in the floor, exposing an electrical junction box.
smelling someone's breath, someone staggers backward.
up the wooded road, someone leads the chase after her.
woman answers the front door.
the woman slows to a walk.
someone grabs someone and shoves him toward the tree.
as she aims her weapon, a blonde snuggles up to the portly man in her sleep
turning, he finds someone standing motionless.
reaching the aisle, someone wears a silky blue robe, his name printed across the back arcs above a bulldog emblem.
gazing into his eyes, someone softly nods.
at his desk, the sergeant looks up.
as roger saunters to the stairs, a tall glamorous woman comes out of someone's apartment.
he rolls off and shakes out his arms.
one agent briefly drops his gaze.
someone pensively rubs his chin.
someone hurries downstairs and joins the winged man at his side.
someone undoes her seat belt.
he clutches her knee.
she knocks him out.
straining, he grimaces.
someone gets out in a glare of headlights, gun in hand.
now in class, someone grades papers.
someone sits up.
a slack-jawed someone drops his hand on his lap.
they work side by side.
they crouch down together.
she spanks him with a book.
stifling a grin, he gives a satisfied nod.
off stage, someone touches a cut on his forehead.
someone sails backward into the boxing ring and slams into a wall.
agent hurt opens fire from uphill.
in the restaurant's kitchen, our view descends from a metal counter to find someone studying while on break.
she points,
he takes back his phone and they sip their drinks.
someone returns the key tin to its pot, then keeps his back to someone.
he flings it down.
someone and king someone see someone and his men at the back of the assembled town's people
in the vault, one of someone's men slides a uranium cylinder back into the case and secures the latch.
he shoves hay in its mouth and grabs her udder.
now, someone jostles slightly in a taxi's back seat as it passes a sign advertising the fight.
now, on her cell, she crosses the verrazano-narrows bridge.
someone pulls his hand away and places his palm against someone's cheek.
the center portion of her lips painted red, someone wears an elegant black silk robe with a royal blue yoke and elaborate silver jewelry.
now in the daytime, someone hosts a dinner.
from overhead, we watch someone ascend toward us with a wide-eyed smile.
someone comes out from the back of the building.
apartment, someone lowers a panel from the underside of a table, revealing a hidden gun.
now asian lettering adorns shops in chinatown.
sitting at the wheel, the newcomer notices.
someone and the policemen duck as the cranes smash and twist above their heads.
words appear - 12 kilometers to district 9.
someone pulls his chair closer to a screen.
he walks off leaving her behind.
watching the movie, the twins crack up.
someone speaks into his walkie-talkie.
he raises the bloody blades to eye level.
someone notices her handing a man a suitcase.
snippets read, excessively attached to their mother's.
someone stares at someone, who lowers the bottle.
someone arrives as they bump fists.
now, traffic passes outside hongking hospital.
it's pulling a train of wheeled clothing racks, with the exercise bike as the caboose.
someone gets up and copies.
as children, the sister climbs into her brother's bed to snuggle.
someone rests his back on the rock.
then turns around and paddles, preparing to catch this one.
and shows to the portrait.
someone and someone turn and someone looks up from her journal.
his beaming teacher mouths, you won.
someone brushes more hair off his shirt.
the pilot tilts the flying bomb left and right, then dives straight down.
someone pulls a tall, thick book from a shelf.
and tears glisten in her eyes.
someone paces, then smiles at someone.
marine one descends to the white house lawn.
someone struggles to balance on a teeter-totter as she juggles the children.
archers almost shoot them.
a fire ball blossoms out from the unit and rolls down the hall.
someone pulls out dress pants.
someone pauses just long enough to give a derisive sneer.
someone mouths along to the lyrics as the couple starts dancing.
he mouths the word sorry.
someone's is coppery orange, and someone's is midnight blue.
he places his packet of money, wrapped in white paper labeled veal, and removes the bottle.
measurement.
she snips the wire.
then takes off again.
nearby, a woman hurries after a man who marches away with luggage.
landing first, someone urges the two older men onward.
later the sisters get in a white sedan.
the boy offers a cocky shrug.
letting them back down, she grabs him by the collar and kisses him.
she leans close, nearly pressing her forehead to his, and drives her gaze squarely at him.
as someone spots his nephew, someone looks on.
nails the approaching agent in his bulletproof vest.
as he smiles at her, she stares back tearful and
he places two fingers alongside his carotid.
the matchmaker bows.
cringing, she leans wearily over the handlebars.
he lathers his chest with shaving cream then shaves it.
someone mimes being trapped in a box, changing facial expressions with the sweep of the hand and tugging a rope.
the prisoner sleeps sprawled on the cot.
striding down a waterfront walkway she pauses as she notices someone up ahead.
as she turns back, she sees him beside her.
someone and another man watch on a monitor as he drills into someone's arm.
someone enters a stairwell and runs down the stairs.
now they near the top.
with a sultry smirk, the shapely woman leaves someone, someone, and someone to their investigation.
she holds the photo of the mother and child.
a young thug checks her.
slowly, someone opens his eyes and sits up.
someone glances around, then slides up the sleeve of his charcoal suit jacket and the black dress shirt underneath, displaying the balance on his clock.
with a creased brow he types, someone was miserable without someone.
she leads him away.
tilting her head, she rumples her lips then grazes them with her fingers as her eyes fill with tears.
he stops at someone's cell.
coming in, she glances down the hall and finds no sign of anyone.
the penguin glances around.
someone swings at someone's face, then pins him against the building.
in the bathroom, she lifts the lid off the toilet tank and carefully sets the bag inside, leaving its top edge over the back rim.
his gaze pours over her face and he grins.
it ticks down to zero.
left alone, someone worriedly shakes her head and looks away.
she passes a framed photo of a police officer.
someone's eyes glisten as she smiles and turns away.
someone drops his fork.
he speeds toward the open bay door and crashes into the plane's hold.
at night, reflections of stars glimmer on the black water.
later at the dinner table, someone stares off in a trance, smiling to himself as his father speaks.
in a third photo, four men in suits stand on a building's front steps.
his daughter won't speak to me.
two guys ogle her.
coming home, someone spies someone in the bedroom, wearing only pink panties and a matching bra.
clinging by his arms, he swings himself around so his legs dangle over the water.
as they advance on each other in slow motion.
now, one of the young criminals exits the bank.
they cross a river.
flanked by agents aiming their guns, someone leans out toward her.
in her office, someone folds a piece of paper into an airplane.
as he rapidly flips the pages, the drawings become an animation of the automaton turning its head.
he climbs over the edge.
bending one leg, she plants the toe of her shoe in the dirt.
dust and smoke blast several stories high.
the sedan tails them.
everyone turns to look at him.
he stomps over to the kids, holding a big knife.
their leader sets his gun down.
inside, he grins as he strides through a sea of people.
someone follows and meets them at the gate.
meanwhile, someone exits the mansion.
meanwhile, someone packs a bag with soda and snacks.
deputy someone hurries over.
he tosses the bottle and shoots them both down.
he grabs a thermos.
he falls and the train drags him along the platform.
someone points to his own throat.
he watches someone wipe the tears from his cheeks.
she glances around the bathroom then strides into the kitchen.
getting up, he aims his gun at a departing biker with a topknot braid.
one of its hind legs lies unnaturally straight as it drags its haunch along the bench.
she glares at the back of his head.
a smartly dressed administrator waits for them.
as the shopkeeper storms back in, someone follows.
someone's eyelids droop and he blinks himself awake.
he opens a tin of sardines.
as someone crosses the beach, she glances at someone and someone, then sets her gaze on someone.
someone glances at him while someone spins in a chair.
someone examines a treelike nymph sculpture.
as they kiss, he gropes her rear.
the glove smacks him again.
light pours in past someone as he stands in the doorway staring at the now dust coated chest.
the older man hesitantly takes a drink of his whiskey.
below, someone and someone get to their feet.
he walks into the dining room, and retrieves his jacket from the back of his chair.
someone bows his head then meets her imploring gaze.
then returns her gaze to the painting.
major allen steps out of the passenger side of a slowing truck and hustles toward someone as dozens of men gather around the silver-suited colonel.
someone strikes the ground with his whips, as someone rolls out of the way, then spreads his legs as a whip lashes the asphalt inches from his groin.
she unpacks hardware supplies from her shopping bag as she eats a happy meal.
someone leads his friends over.
now, back in the groups sleep chamber, someone moves among the opening pods.
before her, a triangle rises from the ground.
someone skids around a corner, pulls into a curbside spot, and brakes hard.
the open wallet contains two cherished snapshots of the bright faced boy.
the truck drives forward, and the chain snaps taught.
in a parking garage, someone pays an attendant.
he finds the old faded sweatshirt in the top drawer and takes it out.
they agent shifts his rueful gaze.
someone lights his father's torch with his own and they lift them as if toasting.
someone looks around the spacious room.
he leans close to the tiger.
they charge through the woods with their swords in one hand and their shields in the other.
from a copper pot standing over an open flame, he lifts away a stick tied with mulling sacks and gives his concoction a stir.
they tap glasses.
the dazed girl walks toward one of the security guards.
it smashes on the ground below.
as master someone looks to the big screen, it shows a slow-motion replay of the brutal kick.
the shots send the rider flying.
sooner or later he'll be coming for you.
now, someone, his daughters, and someone walk toward an inviting ragtag bungalow with a porch and white-fenced yard.
she cringes, rolling her eyes, then heads off.
he obeys.
the sheriff pays for the candy bar and walks out.
munching a slice of pizza, he offers some to the cat.
now a tv in a living room shows a news broadcast.
now toothpaste squeezes out on a toothbrush.
he eyes the king, then points to someone.
statues of sentinels and scholars adorn a massive courthouse.
someone picks up her gun and strides up to her father.
she confronts an apple cheeked young woman in an elegant gown listening at
now someone looks at the giant golf-ball-like structure.
he lumbers on to the sidewalk and approaches the apartment building.
someone gives someone a sidelong look.
someone speeds down, picks up pepper, and zooms off as the nearby drone, as well as the other drones, explode.
its head slumps over and it falls toward another sleeping meerkat.
someone punches someone in the face, causing someone to black out.
the bearded man swings a cane across someone's chest.
she chucks the remote aside then sits up sucking in her lips remorsefully.
american border mps exchange a north korean man for the blonde woman and her escort.
later someone opens her door to someone.
someone and a tall zoo worker swap concerned looks.
a bearded man exits an suv and his men carry out two military crates.
as the door opens, someone shoots the officers inside.
using a joystick someone raises the lift bucket as high as it someone go.
the thief grabs the bag again and she kicks him.
he skips happily through the front door and to the lift
the long-haired thug aims at the guys.
as the van pulls over on the shoulder, someone rushes out.
at an elevator, the cia officer waves his id card in front of a scanner and hits a call button.
someone quickly shuts the door.
she frowns.
he takes a sip and sits on the couch.
it falls and snaps its neck.
someone watches as a black luxury sedan pulls up to the porch steps.
she approaches the desk, and the busy executive glances at her.
he glances behind him, first to the bluffs, then to the weather station.
someone enters the bathroom and notices the bathtub full of water.
as someone tries to prop himself up on his elbows, someone shakes both fists overhead in a primal scream.
a smile crosses his face.
as someone grimaces, the magical smoke swirls overhead.
someone chases him.
he rolls his exasperated eyes.
master someone glares at his back.
reaching the other side, he looks around worriedly and ends the call.
someone gives an affectionate smile as someone walks away.
someone tearfully bares his teeth.
he fills someone's and someone's whisky glasses, then steps away.
later at someone's diner, someone passes a brochure to someone as they sit at the counter.
a taped family interview.
someone watches from a window.
bmx riders do tricks.
someone leans in and kisses him.
someone follows his neighbor into a garage filled with secondhand goods.
she fumbles with goggles.
losing his balance, someone falls into the water.
she comes to the building's electrical center and photographs the circuit boxes, meters, and wiring.
her brunette mother crouches beside her.
someone crams a dirty bowl into a cupboard.
the stage lights turn off.
opening it, he finds the bunker's arch-shaped support beams in flames.
someone blinks her confused eyes.
the parents leave.
happy and someone approach a young brunette woman leaning against a white convertible.
the creature climbs on top of the bus and rocks it from side to side.
he makes his way back to the center of the clock,
glances up at us, then finishes the flower.
the hatchet faced criminal hastily opens his gaudy shirt.
she gestures to the table.
they hug.
one hydra soldier shoots several prisoners before being tackled to the ground.
next day, he rubs ointment on a small shin wound and wraps it in gauze.
he kisses jacinda.
someone pedals back to his own house.
on the bus, someone reads someone's letter.
from a display rack she grabs a package labeled, shape inserts.
he winks at someone.
someone puts on his hat and stands then shakes preston's hand.
heading out the door, someone finds a set of keys on a table.
at the wheel, someone wears a tiara and subtle make up.
apart from them, someone wipes a tear.
the warden glances back as the accomplice leads him away.
two other sharks fight over a fresh kill beneath him.
later, the butcher leads an ox-drawn cart down a narrow road packed with fleeing refugees.
then pushes his chair out from his desk and stands.
she sets down her bag, removes her jacket, and sits at her vanity table.
the worker climbs aboard and joins the rest of someone's team.
its rippling surface distorts his appreciative gaze.
later, she parks her car on a dirt road.
the someone patiently taps her handle bar.
it grows thick and viscous.
someone's wife eyes her husband then looks down.
one breaks open, spewing gas.
someone reaches to his toolbox.
he smiles at his work.
he guards the humans.
she walks down the steps to the road.
as he walks away the black ooze pools around the urn.
someone strolls forward uneasily.
outside, someone addresses his agents.
and offers a hit to someone and someone.
she makes her way through a large, open-plan office.
someone is startled awake.
he crawls to the bow of the craft and peers down through a hole in the canvas.
he turns as someone and someone come into view.
one hand shoved in his pocket.
an agent touches his earpiece, then signals to his colleague.
someone's smiling mother claps along with the music.
back at forward base, someone joins someone under the tent.
they turn and leave, but someone remains rooted.
someone swallows, scratches the back of his head, then hurries out.
in the lifeboat, the engineer snarls at the creature pulling him ever closer.
lion's soulful eyes watch him through the chain links.
a smaller one nuzzles noses with a tiny meerkat.
she glares at someone through the rear view mirror and irritably shakes her head
shaking her head she strolls over.
someone demurely steps back.
someone sees one executive texting on her cell phone and another absently taking a drink of water.
turning the corner, he barrels into the brown-haired girl.
someone sucks in a breath and she grins.
now the tsimtsum lies on the ocean floor, a blue and teal glow surrounds the sunken ship.
someone paces to the driver-side door and plops down behind the wheel.
they cut her off.
statue bows his head.
someone observes from the end of the cage row.
he grabs her coat, pulls her to the ground.
then reveals a pearl necklace.
a young man with dark curly hair raises his hand.
into the bag, then stares off with a pensive expression.
legs bent, he swivels his knees in and out.
someone stares down at the someone.
she unzips his jacket and he frowns.
someone lowers a gloved hand,
someone goes in.
someone smiles, then continues up the trail.
and a woman a launches her own identical one.
reaching the stern, the tiger lies down and kneads its massive paws on the port side bench.
finding his victim's clock frozen in inky numbers, someone lowers his weapon.
now, he stares intensely at his mother, as they lunch in a marketplace.
someone scares a cat.
in the house, someone lunges sideways and pulls a door closed.
someone spits on it.
pockets his phone and grabs his jacket.
later he sits wringing his hands.
someone plants someone's hand on his shoulder, then seizes it, and twists.
the next morning, someone gets someone some cereal.
a title appears, word by word: land of the lost.
she wipes her nose with a tissue, then heads over.
someone stands gazing in from outside.
he peers back.
her father turns his head as he drives past her.
up ahead of it, someone 's envoy paces down a street then expectantly glances over his shoulder at someone.
he stares off, his lips pursed in a thoughtful pout.
she nods, smiling broadly.
he hugs him, someone shuckles over to someone.
holding his makeshift torch, someone glances around and follows his son into a tunnel.
a man stands at a podium.
someone jogs over to the table and closes a folder full of slides and finds someone's phone.
he gets up and thrusts his hips.
we peer out over the nighttime city as explosions flash.
someone climbs a hill away from the cabin.
now at school someone sits in the lunchroom with someone and someone.
someone grins to herself.
later the auburn haired professor walks down the narrow corridor toward her office.
someone plucks a crumb from her croissant and eats it.
descending, it lands on the tether and overturns the raft.
holloway unlatches his helmet then bends over and pulls it off.
in a grainy blurred focused view from someone's corner, someone rubs his head and shakes his arms down.
with a faint smile, the city girl picks up the dainty blouse which bears small blue toned polka dots.
someone wraps his arms around him.
as another monk gropes in the dark, someone grabs him from behind, rip him and lets him fall.
bowing his head, someone shakes it.
the front door opens and a doll faced brunette woman appears
now she watches him on a control room monitor.
one of his hands clenches into a fist, while the other remains on someone's chest.
someone hurries into a building.
they gaze down at the bustling main floor.
he looks to the dashboard, leans over, and grabs something.
forming the shape of an average human foot.
quickly covering herself, she faces the crowd again.
he steps forward and lightly shoves the automaton, then flicks the tiny propeller.
wedding reception.
he grabs her pentagram necklace.
someone looks at someone, who lies in his arms.
someone grins at the mirror.
he sets a small wetsuit beside her and regards her with a subdued, wily smile.
their boss finds the glass cells with no one inside.
now, a hooded rider arrives at the edge of nottingham.
the students gather their weapons and form a crowd in front of someone.
clad in a bikini, the teen ends her call.
as she leaves, the cell block lights blink out.
as she gets dressed she smiles and steps closer to someone who's sitting up in bed.
as he chuckles, a pair of fluffy-edged wings spread open on his back.
in the grass, someone faces jinx, who stares at him.
someone takes out a crowbar and smashes someone's passenger window as she drives past.
the vehicles drive onward through the shadows then slow to a stop.
the inspectors escort silk into his apartment, which is filled with shelves of wallets.
he encounters a fully dressed someone.
tracking footprints, he enters someone's apartment through a back door and eyes her tasteful decor.
someone joins them, slack jawed.
watchtowers dot the fortification, standing on the mountain's highest peaks.
someone responds with a hangdog stare.
someone takes a seat opposite them.
the truck hits the van's rear.
an oblivious bodyguard stands at a window holding a handgun.
a dance team reads a text, as they rehearse a can-can.
they start to run.
he swims to the edge of the pond.
the soldier chews a toothpick.
the tall bespectacled someone wearing a suit, tie, and brimmed hat stares trance-like at someone.
someone gazes out a window at a neighboring high-rise, then faces his men.
the child flips him the bird.
someone scowls at her son and he looks away.
someone closes his eyes as he and someone embrace.
the security camera catches her.
again, then braces himself on the shack.
the rifle fires a dart which strikes the glass door of the holding cell cracking it.
now someone and someone climb a set of stairs to a balcony level overlooking the pool.
the grey undulating ocean gathers itself up and rolls beneath someone.
another wave of froth rushing into him, pushing him back.
small fires burn here and there amid the tattered stalls.
the sign reads, ibs news.
someone brings down his ax.
at a retirement home someone sits with an elderly man.
someone crouches over the egg and presses a stethoscope to it.
she knocks over a stool.
she storms off.
his feature obscured by shadow.
at the apartment, someone spots his wifes cellphone left on the kitchen island.
outside, escaped prisoners shoot down several hydra soldiers.
they kiss in someone's room.
he wanders over to the bar.
he lies on his side with the sheet covering his torso, his head propped up on his forearm.
the rider's head cocks erratically.
the gift surfboards rest on a beached boat.
as he floats on his back,
someone sad face becomes someone's.
she rolls her eyes and he walks off with a grin.
someone's clock reads less than a minute.
in a smaller adjacent lot partially hidden behind a fence, someone watches from the driver's seat of the other suv.
the second man kneels beside someone and turns him toward the light.
now at the lunch counter, someone serves herself mashed potatoes.
her eyes flit from side to side.
circle each other and come together again in a fierce grasp.
now, someone stands at the microphone.
dugan drives forward as a gunner fires a blaster mounted on the top of the armored vehicle.
she offers him a smile.
someone glares, someone goes to someone.
someone downs the shot.
biting his lip, someone nods.
elsewhere on the property, someone rakes leaves.
now in his recording studio, someone sits playing an acoustic guitar.
someone scales a steep hill, while the others lag behind.
frowning, she looks away.
it floats up into the air.
someone looks at us.
she rises to her knees.
someone hangs up, then rises from his chair with the aid of a cane.
outside, grappling hooks and cables shoot into the mountainside above the barred window.
broken glass pelts someone, someone and someone as they run.
raising her brow, she looks around thoughtfully, then sits up and peeks over at someone.
she flexes one long stocking clad leg and gets up.
someone steps over to the eight-year-old boy who offers his handheld video game.
someone takes passports from a safe.
now, they enter a spacious and eclectic suite.
she crosses to him, shuffling past a mantle adorned with framed pictures and an ornamental clock.
someone rubs her eyes.
all fours and sniffs the side mirror.
she falls off the bed.
someone gives an uncertain look as she and someone start off with the monks.
someone lifts his gaze to his and frown
he brings his fingers up to his nose and inhales.
he returns a can of pepper spray to its holder on a.
the official shakes hands with someone, then outside, he chats with a comrade as they get into a car.
he takes out his electric measuring tape.
now on his feet, ghost rider faces him.
he reaches down between her legs and pulls up a handful of quarters.
someone turns and sees someone approaching.
beyond it, a path winds up into the mountains.
the rat climbs up someone's arm and over his head.
dancing with someone, someone raises her hand high and someone beams.
he kisses the bottle then looks at someone.
noticing a scar on the visitor's cheek, someone remembers.
he pats the table.
someone grabs someone, pulls him close, and kisses him.
someone climbs out of a lap pool.
still holding onto the dish, she draws him closer.
light fades from the scenes of the automaton's ribbed armor as it slumps forward motionless.
someone wears a faint half-smile, his eyes shining.
as another guard pulls the pin on a grenade, ghost rider whips him and the grenade drops.
as she plummets head first toward the ground, the
he puts down his drink and leaves,
now with the guys at smart tech, someone wears a butter-colored polo shirt.
someone locks her in his sudden sobered gaze.
someone looks from someone to the surf.
someone pats his back.
it lands on the table.
a teenager comes downstairs.
she wipes away a tear then replaces the receiver.
someone gets into the back of a taxi cab.
he flings his arms around someone, who returns the brotherly hug.
sitting across from them, a younger inmate glances up.
he snaps a photo.
he places someone's hand over her heart.
the girls share a glance as someone tears apart
someone brushes his chin length hair from his face and sees a yellow beam of light protruding through a hole in the storm cloud.
someone stands frozen.
as two fish skitter side by side, a larger fish snatches one.
sitting by her laptop someone flips through magazine-like company newsletters.
she beams at three balls in a row.
now an athletically built man with broodingly handsome features, someone sits up on a bed, his back against the wall.
the doctors follow his gesture.
someone watches the bourne identity.
heading toward glass doors onto the helipad, the rugged brother spots someone's reflection.
someone takes a seat beside someone on a single bed.
lowering his head, the intimidating beast stalks forward.
as someone remains frozen, our view is sent to take in a bird's eye view of the chaos.
now, someone and the kids enter the guestroom.
inside, grain spills from a dangling punctured sack.
he opens side door for her.
as two women leave one of them, she watches them go with a solemn curious gaze.
someone stares at someone, then shakes his head as he backs away.
both girls turn to speak.
someone waves to the blonde girl, who smiles and waves back.
crawling around on her hands and knees.
now, someone sprints away from dayton while his mother races toward it.
at alice's, someone looks to his mother.
she playfully waves a bite in front of his mouth.
someone and someone drop their coconut on the floor.
outside, a police transport bus pulls to a stop at one end of the street.
someone arrives in pepe's garage and slides a pair of chain link doors open.
he drops the can in a recycle bin and throws out the paper.
someone runs in waving his arms.
wearing a floppy cap, someone warms his hands over one fire then stuffs them in his pockets and walks off.
someone stares at her, then timidly works her full lips.
english 40, shakespeare the politician.
now the teens follow someone into an enormous sitting room.
he puts on glasses and crouches over the files.
as the rumbled sheets covering her crotch.
dozens of aliens emerge from the tunnels, crawling on all fours.
he moves closer.
someone stops organizing the cards and meets someone's gaze.
trailing behind, someone spots a panel with carved dots and lines high up on the wall.
thorny spikes protrude from someone's forearms.
the ball passes through a tube beneath the shrubbery and rolls straight toward the hole.
someone arrives and looks around.
he holds up a shaking hand and a shaft of light shining through a hole in his chest hits his palm.
and a shadowy figure strides in.
they kiss again.
the giant punches someone and sends him sailing backward.
she spits a ball of fire, which soars out through the shattered window, and ignites the head of a statue in the courtyard.
she watches him get in the water.
the ball drops and rolls along the rope after him.
someone glances over his shoulder at someone, who shakes his fist encouragingly.
he runs halfway up a staircase.
someone pinches his own nipples and makes them dance.
he pulls out a business card.
a picture of the guardian's family rests on his desk.
someone takes out his cell phone.
in an upscale suite, our life pamphlets lie near a desk where someone works.
the sailors pull someone away from the crazy-eyed cook.
he gives a comforting pat to someone's mom then hurries off.
now a file folder opens on a laptop screen.
yet another tentacle reaches out and wraps around his head.
in a pub, a boyishly attractively young man approaches a pretty woman with one blue eye and one green eye.
the riders slow as they approach the building,
she takes a photo of an ethernet hub.
her arm, she plucks the strings with her thumb.
someone stands in the open pit, wiping his hands.
a lone three-story house stands in the middle of a construction site.
someone removes two pins at the base of the flagpole, tipping it over.
someone joins someone in bed.
the vulture man and the beard man shake their heads sadly.
wearing a wig cap over her hair, someone runs backstage then sits and talks with bradford.
she eyes a directory and punches a code into an intercom.
someone pulls away, cupping someone's head in her hand.
he lights a candle and fans the air with his hand.
back in the city, the pickpocket flexes his gloved hands
someone crouches and touches it.
stepping out of one, someone brings a tray to his friends and their significant others.
turning a corner, someone finds the road blocked by a garbage truck.
as someone opens the door for her, someone looks back at someone.
someone and someone stand close, watching intently.
several more begin to hatch as he watches helplessly.
he chugs on the bottle of juice.
someone ping executes a series of roundhouse kicks, but someone back-handsprings out of harm's way.
someone knocks the guard unconscious and drags out his body, then closes the door behind himself as he enters.
someone notices a giant rubber mallet at a strength testing game.
he gathers up some tools.
through her viewfinder, we glimpse partygoers at an upper railing, then spot someone with his shoulder-mounted camera.
he pushes faster and cranes his neck trying for a look at the creature.
the airplane banks sharply and soars out of the area.
a nurse dresses someone's wounds.
she wakes.
peering in, they find white people waltzing with slaves at a ball.
he look over and she waves.
someone arches his brows doubtfully.
she holds her blouse closed over her chest.
he continues down the many flights of wooden stairs.
smirking, someone tilts her head.
he looks at her pleadingly.
a startled someone glances around.
his arms folded, someone gives an understanding nod.
the postal worker leisurely raises his head from a stack of mail and looks directly at him.
now, someone limbers someone up, bending him over his knee, then pushing him into a full split.
he places a hand on the driver's face and yanks the screw driver from his flesh.
and smashes the butt of her rifle.
someone lowers her gaze.
someone notices someone checking a text message on her cell phone.
clawed reptilian feet step out from a row of niches along a rock wall.
with a polite smile, he goes.
he shows a machine gun-like alien weapon.
then empties two nips of liquor into a plastic cup.
she shuts the door in his face.
someone knocks the boy to his knees, then kicks him in the head.
someone and orange juice watch helplessly as someone kills the zebra.
now someone gets a call from the office.
alone in the locker room, someone douses himself with invisibility spray and grins.
she picks up a remote and turns the tv off.
it tackles someone.
as someone lowers her head, someone walks out, leaving her alone.
a second bumps them from the front.
he fishes the someone mouse out of the bin
sitting at the front, someone uses a tablet to activate a huge 3-d holographic video.
someone holds someone hostage.
then frowns uncertainly at the towering bed.
puts the little alien down.
as the personnel sit, someone scans the file.
slick with sweat, he reaches the top.
glancing around, she pulls the gate shut and hurriedly takes a key from a ring on her belt.
as the vehicle takes off, someone and someone arrive, dousing the mutant with fire and bullets.
he removes a tiny envelope sealed with a smiley face sticker.
firing wildly he shoots holes through the tanker.
old-fashioned lamp posts bookend either side of a docking area.
someone closes her eyes and someone scores an x between the fang marks with his large hunting knife.
someone retreats to the door and stands facing the kung fu master.
someone clicks a remote turning it off.
they sit before laced curtained windows filled with soft golden light and kiss tenderly.
she gazes dreamily at him.
she looks up at a guard in a suit, aiming a handgun at her.
only paint supplies remain.
as the datsun makes a sharp right, pedestrians dodge to a sidewalk.
then leaps up from her squat and poses.
clenching his jaw.
men in us marshall vests march into view.
in someone's room, someone lies in the small bed in a demure white nightgown.
someone reaches for the pearl, misses and faces the charging hydra.
she looks to someone.
a figure with a walking stick approaches as two customers leave with their order.
he holds it under a spigot and pumps a handle.
someone leans back in his chair, then leans forward and grabs the toy's rotating arm.
meeting someone's gaze, she gives a nod.
on a wall, a photo shows the two men with a third between them.
someone considers, then envelops her hands in both his own.
cigarette hanging out of his mouth, the man picks up the iv pole and walks downstairs.
a bin of bundled letters slides down a track, and a postal worker sorts the letters into cubbies.
someone keeps his eyes glued to the screen as the promoter rewinds the reel.
half the boys acrobatically navigate the roof.
at the school a teen girl comes outside in her cap and gown and joins two fellow graduates.
someone snaps out of his reverie and takes a few deeps breaths.
someone licks his fingers.
inside another clock, someone adjusts a small pendulum.
in the candlelit attic, someone throws a sheet over the automaton and carries it away.
holding hands, someone and someone kiss.
he stands up, still hanging onto the chair, and scuttles crablike over to the door.
someone sets down a handgun.
two seats back, someone glares at him, then switches with a friend to the seat directly behind someone.
later, emergency personnel wheel the unconscious couple into a hospital on stretchers.
he sprints back to his suv.
she exhales one last long stream of smoke.
someone someone bares his fangs.
as someone climbs back onto the roof, someone hurls a knife.
at his apartment, someone brings up his photo of someone on his phone.
someone walks into his house.
she stares at him through their diminishing gap.
he lowers his binoculars.
inside the cave, a fair-haired man floats in shallow water.
someone switches off her lamp,
outside the school, the young surfer handwrites an essay titled, the power of observation.
as someone beams lovingly, he removes his goggles, steps on a foot switch, and lowers a paper facemask.
someone pretends to toss someone into the tiger enclosure.
the old valet gives his own fingers a kiss of approval.
mr., someone watches her go.
the two opponents guarding the red flag.
someone races away and ducks behind some shrubbery.
now, he stares out an airplane window.
someone stumbles as he sprints past someone's mansion.
the beam shakes and its far end detaches from the wall.
his house and shuts the door.
the general escorts her inside and someone turns to someone.
both boys turn toward the movie screen.
he turns it around to find the likeness of someone's beloved.
he encounters someone and his friends.
someone watches him passively as two men help up someone and lead him away.
someone shoots a cutting look at someone who lowers his gaze.
sauntering to a rope he takes a drag off the joint.
she modifies her search.
someone watches someone on a radar screen and fires bolts of blue energy from the plane's rotary cannon.
someone trips as lurches away, he gets to his feet and scrambles back inside the gas station.
she slaps at his back as he carries her to his car.
someone kicks and punches, startling someone.
escaping the wreckage, the lifeboat briefly capsizes.
he gives his daughter his single piece of meat.
she sings in the empty dive.
the crossover skids sideways to a stop in front of the costco building.
he catches it in his feet then slashes the vampire's throat.
she gets up and blows someone kisses.
someone joins her at a mirror and zips up her dress.
swinging the sword, someone turns into sir someone.
now, someone rides into the charred ruins at barnsdale.
his eyes glisten and he hangs his head.
swirl leaves around someone as she heads home.
still unnoticed, the little alien watches them pass.
someone puts it in a choke hold.
and spies someone dancing with her sister.
as someone fixes his suit, someone approaches.
someone shuts his laptop.
people watching the movie duck or turn away.
n the cottage someone watches the three surveillance feeds on a portable monitor split screen.
someone enters the room as someone winces away from his tormentor.
someone steps away from it.
in the control room, one of the timers reaches zero.
next to each of his knees, he finds two angled cylinders filled with greenish jelly.
someone's father shrugs, then smiles, and hugs him.
she listens to one of them.
he hangs up and musters a faint smile.
they climb out of the wreck.
in the chic restaurant, customers clear out as the two men brawl.
someone gets in a flatbed truck.
his teammates cheer and someone's dad lifts the boy in his arms.
the suv cruises a forest road.
seen in slow motion, someone hugs him, her chin pressing firmly to his shoulder.
as someone fetches it, someone finds an elderly fairy in a cardigan descending a ladder.
he swallows a bite of carrot.
he sends a text to the number.
the boy winces painfully and covers the injury with both hands.
bald fairies pass with pamphlets.
she ends the call and marches down a bustling sidewalk.
someone wipes his brow, then nods.
she peeks through the ornate screens covering the windows, and studies someone and someone outside.
and another clumsily stalks a victim on the floor.
standing, she puts it on.
they stand side-by-side, staring morosely at the water.
he stops and listens.
they find a beardless someone sitting in a wheelchair.
the gray sphere orbits it.
at dawn, we gaze out over the winding bayou.
someone snarls his teeth.
he turns his back to the door and stares across the room at someone in her bed.
he touches his temple.
as the flaming skeleton knocks him onto his back.
his helmet's eyes glow bright white.
lounging on the hood of an old vw bug, someone reaches through the window and takes out her cellphone.
nodding, the two men lock gazes.
up later outside, guests hurry up.
the matronly woman stays put staring at her.
a pink envelope bears a stamp reading past due.
they arrive at school.
he warmly extends his hand.
she stubs out her cigarette and picks it up.
someone hands him the shopping bag, then slides the window up and knocks over a few plastic bottles.
someone rolls her eyes and clicks the tv off.
someone storms out, followed by his father and mother.
someone pulls a sword out of his cane.
a screen at the top shows a girl playing a violin.
the two front desk clerks exchange a look.
on his way out, someone glances at someone, who looks down.
someone's body trembles as his dark hair morphs to blonde.
baer knocks his opponent down.
he turns a light illuminating the painting off.
he picks up a newspaper and sits down.
out of breath, he grabs a curtain to brace himself.
in the break room, as the two guys hug someone rubs someone's back.
as she holds someone's hands, his eyes fill with tears and his lips tremble.
someone stares off with woeful eyes.
she sees a figure racing into the house then turns as someone enters.
he pushes himself up, then stands on his good leg.
someone sends the knife flying into the bartenders chest, summons it back into his grip, and pins the farmer's hand to the table.
the bodyguards file into the mansion.
someone woozily sets his aside.
he holds out someone's diploma.
she lifts her brow high.
lowering his arms, he drops his head.
the penguin waddles over and unties the gift's ribbon.
someone hurries out and runs across the quad into mr.
the rider turns.
now, the camaro pulls into a high school parking lot bustling with teens.
someone perks up.
as someone focuses on his drawing, someone watches with heartbroken eyes.
they both turn as a military ambulance pulls to a stop beside a medical tent.
someone holds his son's shoulder as they step into the street.
the meter shows a lessening of power and the overhead amber lights go out.
someone drinks from the tap, wipes his mouth, then shuts off the faucet.
someone beams fondly at him.
they both glance over at harold's house, then exchange a look.
someone someone beats his tail against the bench, then sits up and raises a front paw.
the truck turns onto the track and speeds toward the oncoming train.
her blonde hair is longer and styled with wavy feathering.
as he tips it upside down
he tosses it onto the woman's table then marches off.
back at the dorm, someone washes someone's hair in a sink.
he sets it down next to someone watching surveillance footage.
a fiery blast rips a hole in the bathroom wall.
he tosses a limp
now, the car speeds down an empty road lined with tall evergreens that just into the pale blue sky.
now on an outdoor bench, someone takes several sandwiches from a paper bag.
someone surveys the audience, then salutes.
someone pulls away, leaving someone behind and darts through traffic.
someone looks up and stares at the robber with the pistol.
cradling his hand and both of hers, she takes a stroll with him across the salvage yard.
someone stows a stack of newspapers in a bin.
he glances at his van.
now dust billows as a bundled pallet parachutes to the ground.
someone shoots him an impatient look.
white foam bubble out of someone's mouth as he shudders, then falls still.
he sweeps his gaze over the surrounding neighborhood.
a man peers through a window divider.
later, he pulls someone forward, the boys hands crooked into snake-like hooks.
someone stares disbelievingly.
bursting into the room, someone and someone find the mustached general fondling his imaginary woman.
someone's hands falter over the piano keys.
and once again faces his mother.
the someone lands behind two cops in an alley who turn and look up.
his girlfriend searches the floor.
the sphere expands so that someone is sitting inside it.
further on, someone stares resolutely forward as he feels his way along the jagged.
someone rushes out.
intersection cars nearly hit him.
he finds a timekeeper parked on a corner with his driver's side door open.
all three strike stylized poses and nod their heads in unison.
the bald man runs up to him.
wearing a coiled white scarf, someone moves to a painting of two red rectangles below a white one.
someone gets up, steps to a window, and pulls aside a curtain.
someone lowers his gaze and nods shyly.
someone shifts her weight, her gaze intent.
recovering, someone grabs him from behind.
sir someone shoves him then cuts lose another lantern, which falls onto the trail of powder.
someone punches the guard's face, sending him sailing backward onto the floor.
congested traffic flows along a wide freeway below.
someone goes across the room and retrieves a pair of latex gloves.
at the hive, someone reads articles on the someone templeton murder.
he trips and falls face first.
as someone grabs a camera and snaps photos of the mutilated tabby
someone jogs downstairs.
he eyes her lovingly and gives a faint smile.
pulling away, she eyes him.
the truck rams off a concrete barrier, flipping the massive vehicle through the air.
someone complies and looks around with a faint smile.
now at her apartment, someone rips down her monthly calendar, which shows almost three weeks filled with red xs.
from several tall arch shaped
good-naturedly, then hugs someone.
on the living room couch, someone stirs groggily and wakes.
he somberly walks away past a giant poster featuring his head with a fresno grizzly's hat.
someone has a notebook.
the temple of gupo fair is a holy place.
inside on the bed two pairs of bare feet rub together.
above the house lightening flashes.
someone and someone read scripts.
it sprays green blood, which burns through his helmet acidly.
someone puppets a dolphin shaped cookie.
a chair, then a lamp conveniently hide his groin.
someone steps closer and stares down at him.
with a guilty stare, she takes a deep breath.
someone leaves.
he meets her piercing gaze.
perched on one of the wheels, someone scans the ocean below.
meanwhile, someone wedges his ax into a ceiling beam and dropkicks a vampire away.
he grimaces, then snaps his eyes open.
his father opens the door and stands the carton upright.
someone's face plate flips up.
someone looks through his binoculars and spots his board sticking straight up out of the turmoil.
someone mouths the lyrics.
above the entrance, he sees the sign for the chicago police department.
the gorilla rocks back and forth as the zookeeper sets the bucket down and exits.
she fidgets as she smiles to herself, and observes someone as he drives.
grabbing someone's hand, someone pulls her against the flow of the crowd which now hurries toward the mission.
the official drops the flags and the boys circle each other.
as she flings them away, her backup dancers raise two more in their place.
someone shoots another custodian.
he faces the window thoughtfully.
a text, meet at yearbook.
someone takes a seat beside her.
stopping on the winding path, someone smiles and follows him onward.
an suv rounds a turn, pulls up beside him, and continues on.
he halts just outside and the father steps closer.
someone smiles, then releases a gust of sound.
the glass of the house's sunroom reflects the three teens as they skateboard in and out of the dry pool.
the young man shakes his head and screws his mouth up.
the white-haired man dozes behind the counter.
he steps off of the edge and falls face down.
sniffs it, and rubs it on his neck.
the others turn.
she takes a few uninhibited steps into the water and dips the bucket.
stepping in front of someone, he crouches and touches his arm.
seemingly unaffected, the agent lands a series of jabs then tackles someone through the back of a tunnel.
she lifts her head from her hand and her eyes widen.
now someone enters the vip recovery room, clad in a short crocheted sweater dress and boots.
the sun shines on the line drawing city.
someone pats someone on the back and leaves.
rolling his tongue in his mouth, someone eyes his note.
he dashes off to work.
someone notices an empty water bottle on the floor beside a broken rack rod.
later he lies awake on his stomach, with one-half of his face against a pillow.
as someone gets in the car, he shoots a superior look in someone's direction.
in a hallway backstage, two costumed women practice dance moves.
small armored plates pop vertically out of the suit, then fold down to form a layer of protective metal.
the girl watches, then runs to meet them with the dog in tow.
he looks away.
the inspector locks someone in a metal cage.
with a mouthful of popcorn and a semi-nod, someone gives a sneering grin.
someone sits beside it.
he releases the model of earth, letting it float back up again and gazes after it ardently.
later, shadows streak the concrete, as someone remains sprawled across a free-throw line, a chalk circle framing his form.
she then reaches for the bedside table and picks up a small packet.
his father rubs the boy's back.
then heads in.
the retired cia agent gets out and marches gravely toward the house.
at the turn of a dial, the lights fade out.
our view lurches backward in brief irregular bursts of fast motion as we watch a pair of black suvs pull out and follow them.
someone touches his chest gently.
at the prow, someone lifts the end of the canvas cover and peers beneath.
he lifts a trembling hand toward his face, then drops to the floor beside his dying wife.
he points his spoon at the dish.
a young man saunters out of a parked blue van and hides something in the rear tire well.
cutting through a busy intersection, the maserati swerves into the flow of traffic, then races past the other cars.
someone accepts the wand and avoids someone's wing.
she tilts her head and takes a small slow breath.
someone descends stone steps to a stage.
now, over a dozen cars fill the king's driveway.
someone gestures to his friend to keep a lookout to their left.
leaving his men behind, someone strides out into the street and heads for the bus station.
closing his eyes, someone folds his hands behind his head.
the agent heads through an iron security gate and approaches the entrance of a brownstone building.
as he quivers his body side to side, he twirls his arms in front of his chest, then waggles his legs, making them look like rubber.
now he leads someone and someone to the limo.
elsewhere teens in costumes stand outside.
now someone and someone hold hands as they stroll outside the stable into the daylight.
the guard removes someone's handcuffs.
he catches it and pretends to drink it, then throws it.
in slow motion, someone hangs up his phone and leads a pack of lawyers and judges in suits and robes.
now the convoy arrives.
a screen of glowing blue particles forms and races down the tunnel.
the acrobatic man peers down into an alley where the beefy thug barks an order into his radio.
crosses to a shelf and finds a book.
the boy turns, wide-eyed.
in a flashback, on a tree-lined road, someone hops out of his carriage and takes a look at its wheel.
his arms envelope her and his hands travel down her back.
just as her granny panties come into view, she jumps back.
someone turns on the others.
someone leaves them in the awkward aftermath.
he storms out of her apartment and heads across the hall.
they tap their glasses together and drink.
the tattoo faced monk shifts his intense gaze to someone who lifts his chin.
the mustang pulls over and someone runs a safe distance away.
beside the portrait, someone's cambridge kitchen stands by, quaint and vacant.
with a bustier showing off her narrow waist, she halts facing someone and someone.
as they speed through an intersection one block from the mission, someone's cruiser emerges from the cross street and smashes into them.
a deep laceration marring her forehead.
they approach mounds of sawdust.
it smashes through the glass barriers inside and stops at an open vault.
ringside, the timekeeper raises his mallet.
they sit on the park bench overlooking some of the downtown buildings.
his lips curl into a delighted child-like smile as he sets off the bright glow with strokes of his hand.
he sits up and blinks several times.
a dark-haired young man waits in the bike room.
someone meets the kind man who hands him the paper with a pen.
the man across from someone scrutinizes him.
the fishing boat hauls his board on deck.
a curly-haired woman walks up with a tray.
the two battle fiercely, parrying and dodging each other's blows
someone removes the sim card from her phone and repeatedly bends it in half.
someone returns to the bench and takes a seat,
she steals a dolphin figurine.
later, brightly clad girls execute synchronized dance moves.
someone ignores him.
someone has called someone.
she turns aside and someone places a hand on her shoulder.
mice fly in a bike lane.
she wears a fur coat over her black dress.
in a supply closet, someone flips some switches on an electrical panel.
the station doors shut as she reaches the sidewalk and peels a rubbery substance off her right hand.
later a woman dabs someone's forehead with a cloth.
the customers scatter as a truck barrels through the bank's glass walls.
now, side by side at a water basin, they wipe their faces with wash cloths.
standing in the center of the turnaround-circular platform, someone raises his hands.
she faces him with a silly vapid grin.
the doctor comes over, puts an arm around him, and surveys the devastated medical lab.
someone leads the kids to a door.
he steps away from the train and waves to a driver waiting outside a taxi.
grinning, she turns away and bites her lower lip.
he stops at a bank's lock.
someone shifts his frustrated gaze.
the bully glares at someone, who wipes his sleeve across his eyes and raises his fists again.
on a park bench, someone and someone hold hands.
crying, someone lowers her cellphone and hangs her head.
he leaves the door open as he steps out of view.
a tearful someone shifts her gaze.
the exit is on the other side of a chasm spanned by a thin metal beam.
it depicts a man kissing a woman's face.
he anchors the pole, securing the someone's bound hands between the bars.
the balding man grabs and shifts her breasts.
someone grabs a searchlight and focuses it on to a drifting lifeboat.
one someone punctures the ground creating a shockwave that thrusts a shard of ice up out of the rock and knocks someone off his feet.
someone, in shirt and cardigan with a loosely knotted tie, studiously ignores the dark haired large-eyed someone.
using his arms, someone pushes up and floats over the crest of a modest wave.
he zips the tent back up.
the burning wreck now visible over her shoulder.
someone extends a crimson hand to someone, who stares.
someone grabs the box with both hands and pulls it forward.
she turns away with the bottle.
he presses play on his ipod and lies back.
meanwhile, hurrying from the archives someone drops off the keys at the empty security booth.
someone creeps down into view, his arms crooked before him cartoonishly.
it leads him to a neighborhood nestled by verdant foothills.
wearing a yellow swim mask, she undulates face down in the water.
he turns to find someone coming out of her room.
he pulls at the inner surface of the drawer and yanks the front panel off.
the bikers riddle the dea agents with bullet holes and they collapse side by side.
someone smacks someone's ear.
the teen plops on a couch with her cell phone.
he hooks his pinky around hers.
he lowers his arms, staring as the doctor lowers the gun remorsefully.
a bearded union general leads a charge.
on someone's plantation, we zoom up the path leading to his door.
holding the champion trophy, the announcer leaves someone and someone on the mat, and goes to the judges.
each carrying a cardboard box.
in more super slow motion vignettes, a guy flings away a briefcase full of money
she enters her bathroom in her black bra and panties.
he dons a cocky smile.
as the wide bodied vehicle backs away from the house, it takes out a beam supporting an overhang.
someone wears vampire fangs.
colorful figures stand atop its arch.
in full makeup and wearing a pinwheel dress, someone applies deodorant to her own underarms.
the mastermind passes one of his armed accomplices and climbs the stairs after the detective.
back in the courtyard, the pupil and teacher continue to spar.
he wakes up.
a boss taps his fingers under his nose.
the city girl marches out through the farm gate, biting her rosy lips in a suppressed sob.
someone finds the ringo starr record.
outside, the five children return with the piglets.
he eyes the adjoining building.
someone nods then breaks into a flirtatious smile.
trapdoors swing open, giving the mutants a view of the passing sea below.
slowing briefly, someone glances back at the rink petroleum building.
approaching the vehicle someone removes the gun from her waistband and holds it at her side.
moving past them, someone opens a back door.
someone lowers his heartbroken eyes.
the vehicle careens into another car.
they take cover behind the columns.
someone glances at someone, then shakes his head with a frustrated smile.
someone sidles beside the automaton and tilts his head.
the woman laughs and her lover runs a hand down her back.
he enters the kitchen.
she holds her knees together.
he exchanges a glance with someone and they rise, grabbing their coats.
at the rim, someone holds onto a fence as he flips his board with his feet.
he reads the typewritten letter.
it shows a structure peeking out from behind a mountain.
later, sitting at a table with someone at woody's, someone gulps down a drink.
someone and someone start loading another dolly.
now an armed alien fires an alien rifle.
he cocks his head, then moves closer to someone who sits crouched on the ground with his legs bent forward over his shoulders.
dancing with someone, someone looks up.
now he helps someone up and gives her a piggyback ride ashore.
the photo shows someone with coco and another dancer.
now in a posh apartment, the someone dynasty urn stands by a hall doorway.
someone swirls a snifter of brandy.
moving to the trunk, someone nods to someone and he swings it open.
he flinches from her.
someone and someone walk into a bridal shop.
at the drop ride, little someone fires at the advancing zombies.
someone peers closely at the automaton then strokes its metal face.
with a nod, she heads back to an exhibit room where she finds a gallery worker hanging black and white images of disfigured feet on a crisp white wall.
playing jenga, someone intentionally topples the block tower.
inside, someone stares at the two scruffy, dirty men, now handcuffed.
we need him alive.
the creature swings its spiked tail toward someone, but misses.
someone gives a small nod, his eyes glistening.
now someone lies in a long box.
someone walks up to agent someone and sets down a folder, then continues on.
under heavy fire, it falls apart.
he raises his fist to his opposite shoulder, then lifts his other hand and at angle.
she puts his hand on her breast.
she's not turning around.
he flips a reset switch.
in the audience someone applauds over his head.
now in a field office, someone faces his agents.
she turns abruptly as a car pulls up.
the new tooth fairy gives a sad smile.
she curtsies, then bows with the others.
costumed as a zombie, someone creeps up behind him.
someone sees her.
with someone's blade stuck in his fallen foe, a vampire attacks with kicks and punches.
on a government jet, a woman sits with someone.
he hurls ice cream at it.
she gives him a pointed look.
both motorcycles explode.
he glances around, uneasily.
a person holds up a drawing of someone, california girls.
he rips open someone's shirt, scratching his chest.
smoke blocks someone's vision, as he is pulled away from the plane.
someone skulks down the stairs.
wink smokes a cigar.
someone sets off in fast pursuit, leading his peers along a winding trail.
he stops.
she enters her in her cluttered office reading the document.
with someone still stepping on his throat, someone reaches up through the young man's gym shorts and grabs hold of his genitals.
the sprawling shore soon dwarfs them.
someone and someone stand back to back as they glance around at the drones.
silhouetted against a window, she swallows hard,
he sees someone seating at the table.
then leans forward and places a gentle peck on her cheek.
he stares expressionlessly out across a leafy park.
the women's smiles fade as they notice her.
someone falls, and hits her head.
someone shoves her friend, then allows a smile.
bring the crate marked 'x'."
she settles into bed.
under his intent gaze, someone clenches her jaw.
he dismounts.
he puts down a stack of papers, and picks up the prehistoric rock, which shows a familiar indentation.
someone hugs her.
he looks over his shoulder.
someone slides to the ground and crawls back.
she pulls out a thin hardcover book.
his jostling camera view heads down some stairs.
holding someone's coat, someone carefully walks onto the roof
he glides his beam up a wall to a crevasse in the rock.
outside, a young boy holds a garbage can lid painted like captain america's shield as he plays with his friends.
he continues caressing his daughter's hair.
someone wears a brooding expression.
a sleek black porsche pulls into the valet area.
her head leans back.
now, she enters through the front door and sets her purse on a chair beside it.
someone looks up as someone heads out.
someone brings him over.
someone follows someone up a fire escape to a balcony.
scanning the restaurant, someone spots a man with grey, shoulder-length hair at the bar.
the boy scowls under his black knit cap and swaggers off.
someone releases the tension on his bow and lowers it.
he catches up to her on the sidewalk.
he drapes an arm around someone.
the smoke thins and someone becomes visible, semi-reclined on the road.
reaching a corner, she leans on a railing and peers over the edge.
he adds the keyword, chicago and finds a link to a myspace profile.
someone mimics a dance step, then resumes her work.
someone sits up on his bed and stumbles to a railing.
she shuffles forward in the skintight garment and lowers the purse.
she smirks inquisitively.
he forces her inside, closes the door and walks onward to another office.
someone and someone pull off disguises.
holding his head, he sits up.
grabs the scruff of his jacket and drags him back.
the heavyset thug forces someone into the back of another suv while someone gets in the front.
on tv someone degeneres interviews someone.
an aide opens up and al-malik enters.
on the roof, someone draws two pistols and shoots a vampire.
now we gaze down on someone as he lies in a hospital bed.
he swats at the spear.
someone crumples the paper.
slicing through it he finds her gone.
someone reluctantly steps up onto the platform.
holding his dog on a leash, the station inspector stares intently at the boy as he follows him.
bending over another dead bodyguard, he takes his gun.
daylight bathes their faces as they emerge from a fissure and step into a cavern.
he pushes open a door to the train station, steps inside, then collides with the bookseller.
looking into the adjacent room, someone finds his boss unconscious on the floor.
someone sprints through an apartment then exits onto a balcony.
the door swings shut.
the disciple tucks her extended leg in briefly, and folds her arms across her torso, then lifts her knee up to her chest, and extends her arms in a slanted t, pointing down at the serpent.
following the bartender's gaze, someone sees a woman at the end of the bar.
the end of this story is about things of the heart that someone never change.
on the freeway, someone's convertible is escorted on three sides.
her left arm now ends at the elbow.
someone approaches his mother.
she stares out for a moment toward her oldest daughter, then gently closes the front door.
someone follows mr.
someone raises his other hand to his son.
he smiles at her as he leaves.
now, a voluptuous woman does reverse cowgirl with a red-haired guy.
someone sees captain waddling off to the side.
someone flies down and pulls us out.
in the hanger, the someone ii suit lies on a table.
sliding her sleeve up, she checks the balance on her clock.
someone's father looks at his wife who nods.
he pats him on the shoulder.
through his binoculars, someone watches a handful of surfers being rolled up into the wave.
the evil mutant leader smiles and holds out his hands.
as he tenderly touches someone's forehead, his ring glows green.
they watch with terrified looks.
he pats the civilian down.
rain falls on someone's face as he looks up.
more images follow.
fans in the audience, some with tears shining in their eyes, applaud wildly.
as she leaves, the bartender smiles.
someone follows someone to the buffet car.
now, puffy clouds reflect the moonlight, casting a gentle glow on nottingham's fields as the merry men plot to reclaim the grain.
someone scowls, holding a balloon.
someone watches him carefully.
someone breaks his right arm and knocks him out with a kick.
as zombies stagger nearby, they drive up to gromlin's chinese theater.
they all stop on the scenic overlook.
someone steps forward to meet someone as she approaches.
with a cord around his neck, one guard flails as he dangles from the ceiling.
now in a subway station, rodrigo sighs.
now someone scurries through a section of tall root-like banyan trees where someone awaits with her friends.
he points to his round glasses.
and they sway in their embrace.
someone glances around the living room, then returns to the kitchen.
standing in front of him she slides down her panties.
outside, someone carries someone over one shoulder.
someone enters the club.
someone points sternly at someone.
looking down, someone pauses and furrows his brow.
his face nearly obscured by a milky haze of cracks.
she spots the painting of the elderly man resting off to the side.
he holds it out to someone.
as his thugs head for their car, someone lingers.
someone gives a nod and someone answers.
her face pale, someone stares off.
she kisses him passionately.
someone puts on her stained dress and sweater.
he offers the bloody oyster to someone who takes it.
as she sashays onward, the students stare at her.
in a lace bodysuit, someone stands and rocks her hips.
someone tosses his gun.
now, someone stands between the poles with his back to someone.
in the vault beneath asgard, someone strides up to the casket and taps his spear on the ground.
the doctor smiles approvingly at the boy.
he answers it.
she glances sideways at the man and slowly slides her right arm free.
and careworn expression.
she purses her lips and rises.
inside, allied soldiers and hydra troopers exchange fire.
someone approaches waiting fans.
the engineer stands upright.
someone's head lies about a foot away.
she rises.
someone covers her mouth.
the kids arrive.
someone grabs two of the hanging silk drapes.
standing, someone picks up the oar.
someone gives her backward shot a try.
allowing her to step over the wooden rails in front.
he irritably faces his instructor.
someone looks down, his eyes heavy.
someone leans down to his wide-eyed son, propping his hands on his knees.
facing someone, she finds him staring pointedly at her.
someone runs his curled nails over a dragon-shaped buckle on his belt.
he sets it aside with an unhappy sneer.
someone gulps and glances at someone then stares at the hole again.
with her anguished gaze fixed on her daughter,
someone lifts his chin.
sliding off his jacket, he smirks.
on a lawn, a sphere stands on a pedestal, resembling a giant golf ball on a tee.
he grabs someone who drops the case with the device over the roof.
as someone hurries off, someone gazes downward.
someone hops in to the single person sub and closes its canopy as the craft descends.
someone takes a deep breath, then tries another.
someone closes the armoire, steps back, then peers at a small panel near the top which juts out slightly.
now a stack of burlesque-related books lands on her hotel bed.
she dumps the extravagant bouquet in a trash bin.
wearing her sweatshirt and sweatpants someone walks across a suburban lawn to a brick house
they lock gazes.
ignoring him, someone heads to the passenger side of someone's cruiser.
someone lowers her center of gravity, then mimes as though she were juggling.
now, words appear - eight months later.
then holds his thumb over its plunger.
her soft downturned gaze remains fixed on the moment of self-care.
now, someone leads an elderly man with fuzzy hair into the grungy bathroom.
now, seated in his bedroom at his parents house, someone peels off his dress shirt, he gets up and slams the door shut.
someone storms over to someone, who takes a step back.
he's drawing a city skyline in pencil.
she looks away.
someone leans on someone as he limps out of the room.
the feline shows no interest in the food, but lets someone pick him up.
someone aims at a security guard.
he takes it under the covers and moves it
through someone's point of view, we see someone's blurry outline, his chest heaving.
one of the cops retrieves her shoe and hands it to the sergeant then nudges her up.
someone steps out wearing a top hat, followed by someone and the red-haired nerd.
a wide, low-limbed tree shades our view.
walking across the room, he pops one strawberry into his mouth and dumps the rest into a wastebasket.
turning to the river, he chucks his pistol into the water.
someone runs out on a grassy ridge past the corner of an old stone foundation.
someone steps out of the safe house.
sir someone runs along a horizontal mast, cuts a rope, then swings past
as someone obeys, someone bumps his shoulder.
someone affectionately strokes her friend's arm.
a ping-pong ball bounces toward someone and he picks it up.
the shaggy-haired driver drums on his steering wheel with his thumb.
facing her, he performs a series of dexterous steps.
he scratches the dog's ear.
someone smiles warmly at him.
the supervisor wearily leads the visitors down the hall to another door.
a gift basket of bed sheets includes a note, someone, welcome to nyc.
she allows a faint coy smile.
his opponent pounds his cue stick on the floor and slams a wad of cash on the table.
he carries the resistant noblewoman out.
as the wolves leap for someone, two puppies land on his chest.
he turns the swatter in the light.
she turns on the television and climbs into bed.
later, as he makes modifications to the raft,
the bus slides to a stop.
in present day, the identically featured someone drives her car through the city.
framing her jaw and chin.
someone nods his head at someone.
he shoots the gorilla a final glance then leaves.
now, at home, someone puts on a dark blazer over a muted blue button down, then picks up a tie.
senate armed services committee.
smiling, the girl nods.
someone keeps an eye on their surroundings.
someone checks the duffel bag.
he crouches down, swerves his board back to the lip, and rides it back down.
donning an apron, she waves back.
someone who calmly reloads, his breath mists in the cold night air.
as she races for a seat with a good vantage of someone
he holds her gaze.
someone's sitting in bed.
someone kneels on one knee with the other leg crooked out awkwardly.
surroundings through sunglasses.
someone stands behind a fence.
in a someone and noble, someone spots the single mother two paces ahead of him in line.
the eighth guard falls to the floor.
he brings wine glasses.
he returns his attention to a book.
someone's large blue eyes fill with tears and she beams back at him.
as they paddle far out, we spot a meteorological complex, complete with a satellite dish perched on a bluff in the distance.
dernier runs onto the road, rolls underneath the armored vehicle, and places a detonator on its frame.
"gone to the airbase.
someone, then beckons someone to join her.
women pray over their rosaries.
someone strides up to a window in the bank.
someone takes someone's hand in his.
he chuckles to himself, then licks his wide lips.
someone holds her journal at her side, with one trembling black gloved hand.
a boyish guy sits on the railings, sending her purse plunging into the water.
now gripping a bottle of wine, someone watches someone on the sly as he straightens some wall art
someone gives an undaunted shrug.
it open and runs off.
her feet hang off the end.
she kisses pepe's cheek.
then pulls her closer and sets her hand against his crotch.
his wife's gaze sinks heavily to the floor.
someone turns and eyes an armoire standing against a wall.
sets in and soon gives way to night.
noticing someone as she approaches the cart.
journalists crank movie cameras.
someone and someone race off, leaving the mass of battling warriors behind.
inside, our view drifts down past the nose of a massive jet
an aboveground pool stands among the shrubs, in the snowy yard.
someone notices it.
someone raises her walking stick.
someone gives him the finger and goes.
then slides the hands of its curved outer shell together in a perfect match.
the mustang gets away as the flaming wreck tumbles to a stop on its side.
the people in the flash mob stop their frenetic jumping and square off.
he stares at her then affects a casual gaze.
she hurries to her cell and shuts herself in.
later, wearing the soldier's uniform someone runs through the building and approaches a window.
someone bends for his boxer.
they pry straight popcorn kernels out of their mouths, then eat them.
one woman opens her eyes and peeks sideways at someone who sits in their midst.
now on a terrace overlooking the thames.
sister takes the fur coat from someone and turns toward the party with a glowing smile.
she hurries in.
someone pulls off a thin metal rod and drops it onto his worktable.
she blows smoke in his direction, then leaves.
someone enters the cage area, unnoticed by someone.
someone's brow furrows.
he crests one, then swims farther out.
someone kneels over the downed man who lies motionless.
he points his finger at her.
smiling, someone looks at the packed stands.
the machine sinks down, and black fluid pours
someone heads up a staircase wearing his panama hat.
his head held high, he snaps his jaws at one and misses.
the coin pierces someone's forehead.
someone smiles to himself.
the young man shoots him in the chest.
he checks on someone.
he takes her hand and leads her to a balcony, overlooking the ballroom dancing flash mob.
trigger handle and pulls out a coil.
he tugs with one hand, then bares his teeth as he pulls on the hammer with both hands.
the teen shifts his pensive gaze then lies down beside his mother.
someone turns and looks up, his eyes returning to normal.
he smiles back, then returns his gaze to the sky.
meanwhile, the penguins pass the row of street vendors.
he takes it back off.
he watches them go underwater.
his expression hardens as he recognizes the third man as his nazi tormentor.
as she inserts a key into box 392, someone joins her.
he shows the ring.
someone takes flight.
as someone smiles proudly, someone allows one wave after another to crash down on him.
now, at a police impound a female officer walks them to a 1970s camaro.
then yields a smile.
someone watches as she moves closer, her shrewd eyes scanning the photos and facts on each family member.
he takes a swig of 2000 year old wine.
someone looks over at someone.
someone drops it on to the tile.
as he leaves the table, someone gets up and follows him to a doorway.
someone tugs himself free and runs away.
he grabs it.
pulling his shirt open with both hands, someone looks down at his torso, which is now a metallic framework filled with pistons and moving parts.
someone snaps another photo.
wearing a suit and id card, he sits across in front of the prisoner.
someone blinks then looks down.
going out, he glances at her repeatedly.
the car flips into the air, lands upright, and slides into the red car, then flips over and crashes into the fence.
soldiers aiming assault weapons surround someone's car.
on the bottom shelf, she finds a stack of typed pages.
someone takes a deep breath and submerges.
even more urns rest in rows several feet high in recesses cut into the surrounding walls.
his sits cross-legged, his shoulders hunched.
someone gives the door a dismissive wave.
on a private plane, someone wearing sunglasses glances out a window.
he looks around then opens a door for some air.
she gives someone a nod.
the young man brings his arms in at his sides and shoots head first into the sea.
someone and someone exchange an amazed look, then return their attention to the hovering dancer.
she runs her toes along a soap dish.
someone chucks an apple core past her into a bin.
then stands and stares at the tree in his backyard.
she gazes up at him.
someone looks over, then gives a shrug.
someone runs over.
at night the karaboudjan steams through a harbor then pulls up to a someone.
a swat from buster sends the gun flying.
the probes dart past two humanoid figures standing on either side in suits and masks.
as his colleagues move on, someone shifts his gaze.
someone, someone and someone subtly head off.
she quickly removes her top.
the two dogs wag their tails as they sniff one another.
smiling, farmer someone opens the cart.
he folds his hands on the table.
now, our view spirals from sideways to upright as a door opens and a tall, silhouetted figure strides through.
he drops it.
someone flies up through the apartment's floor and ceiling.
someone fetches the rugged coat from the duffel.
someone shyly raises a hand.
he gives her a playful shove.
as someone leaves him and re-secures the door, the officer takes out his own gun, then radios in.
as we watch from behind the blasted brick wall, a caption reads - 74 hours after exposure.
a central photo shows a smiling someone wearing a race number on her shirt.
someone pulls up his sleeve and watches his clock seconds tick away.
now at school, the american boy turns down the brief corridor.
someone uses a walkie-talkie.
the penguin turns back, then scurries out as someone joins them.
later, with his necktie loosened,
at a tv display, a someone mcdonald concert plays on dozens of screens.
behind someone falls toward the door, cradling the someone.
someone watches her pick up a book with her teeth and fling it.
riding in the passenger seat, someone holds his forehead as he absently gazes out his window.
someone starts to go then pauses in the doorway.
within the fort, union and confederate troops clash in a chaotic battle as smoke fills the air.
charlotte sits on the sofa near someone who guiltily leans forward in an armchair.
she turns to ernestine and they high five.
and the masked men pour out the back.
someone and the other driver steer their racecars along the course's winding road.
someone snatches the photo from the seat and gives it a look.
elsewhere in the crowd, someone smiles up at the guitarist.
master someone looks to mr.
she gets in her car.
someone flashes a warm smile to her mother, who returns a stern glare.
someone puts the silverware back down.
she takes off her jacket.
as someone starts up again,
someone rushes an agent in the tunnel and flips him over his back.
standing on the ragged edge of the bridge, someone grabs someone's leg.
to her feet and gazes attentively at her husband who approaches with a neutral expression on his face.
someone greets ernestine.
someone turns as mr.
the officer gathers a long strip of ticker tape as it trails behind him.
passing a trio of tall gracefully curved sculptures.
they all watch as he throws dirt in the grave.
someone summons a breath, squinting in the sunlight.
after a few curious bites he looks down.
someone blinks her thoughtful eyes.
someone shakes her head in disappointment and her expression hardens.
a boy's hand shoots up.
someone follows her toward the back.
someone emerges from the house behind someone.
there he closes the door and turns away with a frown.
she lays her head on his shoulder.
the younger japanese man stares at someone as the older one turns to him.
someone exits onto the opposite platform but is cornered by someone.
with her back to him, someone slides out a dresser drawer.
snowy drags a large bone then drops it.
a man steps out of their way.
hugging the wall, she sidesteps to the next window.
someone turns, her eyes wide.
now, they each add a fresh stick of incense to a pot filled with the smoldering tokens.
as someone plucks the nearby sword from the ground.
sitting on his lap she kisses him.
now, the star player's jersey stirs under his arms as he's tickled.
someone falls face first into the black fluid.
now someone hides under his desk as he uses his phone.
as he raises her visor, a drop of his blood falls on her pale skin.
someone remembers his mother screaming.
she moves to lean on one arm.
as they search, someone pads through a shadowy tunnel.
someone and someone brace themselves, clinging to the engine.
an officer opens a door and someone enters a dim room.
someone gently takes hold of her wrists.
someone's eyes shift upward and his head rolls to follow them.
they rush back to the table as the automaton begins writing again.
it, arching his brow and smiling.
someone grips the controls as turbulent winds blow them about.
she squirms.
someone downs a shot.
now at his place, a freshly showered someone grins at his reflection in a bathroom mirror as he brushes his teeth.
with a fuzzy shawl and cap, and a ruffled skirt.
someone stares tenderly.
outside, a man lies on his back on a riverside.
now, in someone's office, someone watches the time zone map, which lights up in a frenzy.
someone watches daybreak in his office.
someone beams softly, folds the note shut, and gazes out the window with a hopeful smile.
he paces forward and leans tensely on a rail attaching the cell bars one to the next.
on the russian ship, the captain faces the possessed officer.
someone holds his merciless gaze.
on the ground, the robot takes a few faltering steps, then falls.
someone sits, and takes each of their hands.
now someone watches sister pack her jewelry into a box.
now someone and someone enter a bedroom.
the roaches, now numbering in the thousands, swarm into a growing tower.
someone smiles at someone as he draws lines dividing the cosmos into branching regions.
watching his wife, someone smirks.
her sultry eyes study him lovingly from above her high cheekbones and pouty lips.
he shows the chip.
flipping through it, she finds photos of the young loving siblings.
now he crosses the lunchroom where someone sits with her two friends, a dark haired girl and a preppy guy.
the pilot presses more buttons and another orb drifts downward in a net of green energy beams.
someone puts down the framed photo.
before him, two, red, wooden doors stand open, revealing a pair of inner doors upholstered in dark-green leather.
office, the interrogator points to doris.
now, someone and someone dance as someone and someone play their instruments.
letting her pack slide down the ramp she jumps onto the descending escalator.
someone arrives nearby.
he rests the cup just below his lips as he swallows, then turns to someone with a furrowed brow and finds her gazing at him.
someone starts to speak, then stops himself.
she works the heavier weight even faster.
someone rises from beast and faces his leader.
the door opens.
now someone's motorcycle sits on a truck's flatbed.
he removes gloves and tosses them into a bin.
a line of saliva streams from his mouth as he looks around and recovers.
bracing it between her legs, she brushes the doll's hair back then snaps off the left arm.
from the other side of the glass, someone stares at him, then leaves the room.
as someone unsteadily gets to his feet, someone stays low to the ground.
a goateed waiter offered.
the vehicles race along the forest road flanked by tall thin trees.
he swings another door, fanning the air.
inside the cafe, customers duck as the windows blow out.
he gets a couple of glasses from a counter, then saunters off with two women.
someone aims at someone.
his tv shows a hoop-rolling match.
someone beams kindly, and gives another nod.
as baer glares back at his two scantily clad guests, the well-dressed man rolls his eyes.
rotating the dish toward the mansion.
looking down, he finds a sizable rat scurrying over the cans.
a blond girl whispers in someone's ear then leads her off.
the girl who visited the shopkeeper earlier is visible in an upper window.
as they enter the cell block, someone wakes with a gun in his hand.
they stare at each other only a few inches apart.
someone punches him again.
someone swivels her hips, her back to a groomsman as a live band provides the music.
someone disappears below the balls.
her head lolls to her shoulder.
someone sleeps with the closed computer still on his lap.
later, they drive past a forest.
people walk by behind the fence.
separating, their eyes connect.
and finds the engagement ring that someone offered to someone.
the defender aims across
at a speech therapy session a little girls mimes riding a horse for a group of kids sitting in a circle.
he slides a letter from an envelope.
as she loads boogie boards into the van's trunk.
he disrupts it with his hand.
knocks him off his feet and sends him tumbling.
holding the phone against her chin,
he toasts with the group.
she topples over a handrail.
meanwhile someone walks down a corridor with someone and his aide close behind.
his mouth quivering, the killer gazes at the mannequin's impassive face.
in the flickering pulsating light his chest bulges.
with a hard expression, the instructor turns to the visitors.
she spots a syringe.
someone holds a kayak over his head.
reads someone, she glances at someone, shuts off the phone, then stumbles.
sitting kitty corner to someone's mom someone nods, then sips the drink.
someone resolutely tightens his lips.
she smiles down at the girl who coldly gets to her feet.
as someone reaches for another sack, someone joins him.
someone paddles his board up a high wave.
the creature's head fans out, takes the shape of a porpoise tail.
the fugitive waves a hand low, paces backward, and keeps his someone gun under his coat.
kicking up gravel, he rides out of the fortress.
someone stares as the vampires ride off from whence they came.
she looks over his work.
later, they leave.
he beckons someone.
someone regards her with a sober frown.
someone stops swaying.
poseidon morphs into water and catches up with his son in human form.
someone looks over her shoulder, appraises someone, then resumes her work.
behind the ice wolves bench, the coach angrily chews his gum and glares at someone.
rising from his chair, someone faces the group and gives them a nod.
she falls on top of him.
he faces someone whose head remains bowed.
he stares at her with wide eyes.
someone sips his drink.
someone flicks his friend in the crotch.
now a long row of hash marks wraps around the prow.
the car pulls into the parking lot of a brightly lit but isolated train depot.
someone dodges three hooks.
someone gets in the driver's seat.
they bow as the queen approach.
snowy stands on a ridge and barks.
he drops to one knee.
as someone pushes his bike, he turns back to see the van park a few doors down the street.
as someone's stoned gaze remain
he flips open the top and places it in the indentation, a perfect fit.
revealing the scale city model propped on its side with the roofs of miniature buildings pointing toward him.
someone holds his focused gaze.
she hurries up an aisle.
glancing around with wide eyes, someone backs away from the tiger and grabs the flailing fish.
then pulls them out.
in the studio, someone is getting a tattoo on his ass.
the zombie grabs someone's leg.
someone squats down by some tree branches and aims at the dark cabin with his rifle.
he drops his elbow into its belly.
he smiles at someone, then playfully lifts his chin in a nod.
as the ride pauses at the top of the tower, someone and little someone's feet dangle over the growing crowd of zombies below.
he steps out to a railing.
he hold his hand to his mouth.
someone eyes someone and steadies his aim.
back at the vanger industries archives.
meanwhile, someone enters the basement wielding a golf club.
the crowd watches as the sheriff uses one hand to steady the decree on the tree trunk.
someone lowers his arms and sets his maniacal gaze on someone who remains on his knees rocking side to side with his head down.
his eager gaze fixed on the lonely orb.
someone, someone, and someone peer down into the darkened basement.
he puts the dog back in its cage.
he strides to an open awning window which jiggles in the wind.
the cat pads over to someone and steals the someone stuffed mouse.
now at home, someone hauls lawn chairs and a bag of golf clubs out to his front lawn.
someone and someone in her wedding dress, sit in the back of the bus in the last scene from the graduate, which someone and someone are watching in the cinema.
someone glances around, then sits on the edge of the bed and covers her mouth.
seeing his woeful look, she lowers her gaze.
someone hops out.
between its pages, he finds a printout of his unsubmitted rsum where the words, blah, blah, blah, filled the blurb for the professional development section.
as it flutters in a breeze, our view of its someone trim blurs.
someone laughs then speaks up.
someone faces him distractedly, then nods.
the sisters hook pinkies, tap their thumbs together, then wiggle their hands away.
the arrow lands in someone's foot!
someone smiles fondly.
wearing his broad-brimmed hat, someone leans forward, his hands on a table.
with her lips parted in pain,
he puts his back to the wall and aims in either direction.
a helicopter hovers overhead.
someone slumps his shoulders and winces.
later, someone sits alone on the stage and sketches himself as captain america.
she turns back to someone at the door.
someone glances back at someone who remains flat on his back.
at home, trophies, medals, and beaded lace fill a set of shelves.
we drift into the silhouette and find a cartoon where someone pedals the scratch-o- matic
he marches back out leaving the photos of someone and lena on his laptop keyboard.
at her feet, someone sleeps on the floor in an undershirt, a blanket covering him from the waist down.
he leads her to the entrance.
as the woman lowers her gaze, he breaks into a smile.
someone stares at his hand, which he wags slowly.
later someone lies on her back still naked, and takes a drag off a cigarette.
someone grabs a large black bucket and sets it down next to someone.
someone steps farther into the space and fixes her gaze.
someone looks over the hood of the police car.
he returns with a kitchen knife.
returning, she pours alcohol on the needle and his cut.
someone watches his female friend leave, then faces someone.
later, someone spills dog food as he overfills a bowl on the kitchen floor.
the shell shocked man lumbers across the dining area.
with his arms crossed at his back, he regards the boys frankly.
people flee as the locomotive plows through luggage and benches.
later, they sip their shots.
he sets it on his head with a grin.
someone sits beside someone.
gwyneth paltrow as pepper potts.
and turns off the ignition.
as he opens the door all the way, she seductively slides her hands up the porcelain, out of the water, then lifts one shapely leg and caresses the tub's rim with her foot.
she accepts the check.
someone tears off her headset, catching the attention of her coworker.
she dives for them.
someone stands as someone enters.
on the other, grazing ducks scatter as someone pulls over onto a well-manicured lawn and parks.
later, he marches through a crowd
later, she strides into a dining room where someone sits alone at a table.
meanwhile, someone returns to the cottage and brings up the honeymooner's parade photos.
wearing a helmet with a glowing amber visor over his eyes.
riding on board, someone glances out her window, as her train crosses an intersecting rail line.
now someone's motorcycle catches up to someone again.
as they walk side by side down the street, he gazes at someone.
later, someone enters the classroom wearing a tasseled scarf.
someone smells the sweatshirt.
smiling, someone turns toward the tree and raises his middle finger.
he raps against the trunk, the cab pulls away.
shacks cleared: 1,018.
he tugs off his boots.
tears glisten in her eyes.
his shoulders droop.
they stop in front of a we will never forget poster.
now, a dark-haired cheerleader marches over and faces him from a lower railing.
the accelerator shoots beams of light through the prism.
he watches the module approach the mother ship.
she steps forward.
someone rubs his forehead.
agent someone walks up to him.
someone swings someone at an armored giant, but the feen grabs someone's wrist and headbutts him.
he rocks her in his arms.
over his shoulder and the arrow grazes his cheek.
as doctors and nurses stride past, he slides the letter out of the envelope.
someone turns around and mopes off down the block of brown stone buildings.
he sets it down on the desk.
someone halts and their eyes meet.
there's around a quarter of her steak remaining, as she stuffs a forkful of potato and a piece of bread into her mouth and struggles to chew.
he lands in a puddle as the children mirthfully look on.
the family pauses near the threshold, taking in the thriving casual hot spot.
he pauses.
three trash bags sit in the middle of the floor.
he soulfully rests his hand on someone's shoulder.
as others shoot someone offended looks, he sheepishly trails off.
she notes his distant expression.
the tables soar through the air and the medical instruments rip free from their posts.
now in slow motion, the criminals run along the misty overlook with someone leading the way.
he knocks the sandwich out of her hand.
someone pins the medal on someone's suit jacket.
he eyes the markings then faces a tall powerfully built colleague.
a brown-haired officer strides up.
a horse-drawn cart, a woman on a bicycle, and a man on a scooter crosses path.
sitting up, someone rests his back against the basin's elevated rim.
his shirt has three-quarter sleeves.
now someone arrives home in a red clingy dress.
on the beach, a small group plays volleyball amidst a boisterous party.
he runs along the roof toward another massive building beyond sweeping searchlights.
finishing a page, she sets it down by her lap among several others.
he looks across the boat at someone someone who sleeps on the bench in a small shaft of sunlight.
as someone peers out a window, our view descends to someone's cell.
someone smiles, and her staff claps.
he pulls to the side of the road, where a goateed vendor sells strawberries.
someone opens the rear hatch of his suv, pulls out an enormous rifle and hands it off to his brutish henchman.
random woman's items fill the drawer.
she summons a breath and drops her gaze.
someone closes her eyes and smiles.
smoke rises from the crashed submarine and x-jet.
it bounces over waves, then lifts into the air.
someone hits the zombie in the track suit with the butt of her rifle.
now in the kitchen at someone's, someone transfers a grilled sandwich on to a plate, garnishes the meal and sets the order on a pickup or a paperback.
someone turns away and finds his father gone.
he glides over to a lamp and sticks a tiny device under the shade's cross-beamed frame.
he won't let her.
she reaches back and pulls off the hairpiece.
races downhill into an apple orchard.
angrily throws a piece of
he lowers himself on top of her, and meets her lips with a passionate kiss.
he stands in the middle of the living room
as she stares up at the ceiling.
the recruits watch through the window as someone appears in the courtyard.
blond joins him, skateboarding up and down the walls of the basin.
he slides a long handles oar out from beneath the canvas cover and extends it over the water toward the life preserver.
the last scanning pup vanishes around a turn.
he crouches beside someone.
they eye the logo on the criminals' van - perfectly planned painting.
he nods, then waggles a finger at a scarlet a on her pink bustier.
they gaze into the hole which leads straight down.
someone's lips part in a lustful look as her eyes trail after the arriving car.
someone hurls someone into the controls causing the plane to head into a steep dive.
he defiantly tips his head back, then runs out the gate.
stepping off the stairs, he accidentally squishes a dog toy.
her smile fades and she sits.
his brow creased.
she tilts the boy's head back gently.
someone pushes off as someone approaches the bucket.
someone tearfully tightens her lips.
someone stares at the ground then forms a bowl with his hands.
agent someone stands up quickly,
he sits down and studies them.
we quickly come up on someone who hovers as though standing.
he balances on the corner railing with only his legs.
ms. white bounces her shapely leg.
with a soft smile, she touches someone's cheek and grabs her suitcases.
someone steps toward the counter, but the ship is missing.
someone chuckles fondly at his wife as she eyes the pictures wistfully.
someone leads the way down a ladder.
on his way to intercept the fugitive.
sitting nearby, brown-haired someone raises a water glass toward someone and takes a sip.
bracing himself on the desk, he returns to his chair.
his friends give annoyed looks.
wipers sweep rain of the windshield.
someone clutches his chest.
someone takes an escalator down to a lower floor, observing a variety of single women.
in his dimly hit kitchen, the sandy haired man unscrews the top of a canister.
as she takes off her earrings she plods down a hall and shuts off its light as well.
someone approaches a native.
she sits at a table.
working together, someone and someone swing a lifeboat over the side of the ship.
he gives it to his mentor then takes up his board and marches off.
the phone flies from someone's hand, as he frantically yanks at the hit man's solid grasp.
someone reaches for the cups, but the man stops him.
in asgard, someone and her companions stride into the throne room.
amid the envelopes, he finds one with his name scrawled in red ink beside someone's crossed out name.
the server leaves.
now at the santa someone someone, someone stifles a smile as she strolls with someone.
he watches helplessly as the ship sinks further beneath the churning waves.
someone whirls away.
silhouetted against a brilliant spotlight, someone closes her hands and gently lowers her arms.
a tiny bone shape decorates each mint.
someone lifts his head slightly.
someone smiles uncomfortably.
someone looks up at the house and shakes his head.
outside, someone exits the chopper.
out of costume, the two men look out the window.
the woman hurries off past the security guard.
later, someone puts on music.
his hands folded over a desk full of paperwork.
someone spots him and scowls.
from his breast pocket, he produces a cigar and holds it ready.
the henchman's wide eyes reflect his ghastly flaming visage as the rider cocks his head appraisingly then leans in to peer more closely at the man.
he takes out the tubes and assembles them.
the other teachers nod.
she grins at the other women seated at her table, then someone off with someone.
the street lights glimmer off the flaming tiger with wings on the back of his jacket.
then holds his manuscript close.
someone grits her teeth.
someone takes the group deeper into the vault, beyond the set of metal bars.
a man tumbles out of a shop.
someone shifts his bewildered gaze.
the official takes the american's wrist and helps him up.
he rests his boots on the wooden rail.
he leaps and drives the point of his spear into the floor just as someone rolls away.
several hydra troopers on motorcycles drive onto the road behind him.
a car swerves sideways, another car rams into it.
she does an awkward dance, patting her elbows then shimmies her ample bosom.
now a watermelon explodes.
someone uses a telephone.
with someone between her legs someone brings one leg toward her chest.
someone opens a heavy pair of wooden doors,
meet me at someone's.
then dons his shield and draws his sword.
at the office, someone shakes his legs and dances in place.
as they run through the store, the alien reaches through the grate.
she rolls her eyes and leaves.
someone's brow nits distrustfully.
someone turns away, putting her back to the corridor wall, and blinks heavily.
someone puts down his window.
someone's smile grows as the athlete skates out with an invigorated stride.
a teen in an orange hooded parka and gloves soars into view just beneath us.
he falls clumsily out of view.
including opposable big toes.
as someone puts out a cigarette, someone steals a bite from her plate.
the boat rocks the water to the stern and washed someone someone off the bench toward someone.
someone stands awkwardly in front of the cancer patient.
someone walks to the back of an ammo truck and picks up a grenade.
smiling she opens her hands in his direction.
she smiles dreamily and someone gives someone a thumbs up.
taking a seat on one of the steps to the fountain, he thoughtfully raises his hands, then lets them flop back down.
heading up a clogged freeway onramp they jam the breaks, stopping an inch shy of a station wagon full of kids.
someone licks her lips and turns to someone with interest.
nearby, someone tries on an embellished felt sombrero.
gazing after her, someone trips.
in a parking lot, someone the gorilla crosses to a van and open.
it spurts toward the camera.
they enter an elevator with a woman and a little girl.
now someone finds someone dejectedly playing with legos in his room.
the rows of dancers form the gq logo.
someone regards his smiling mother appreciatively.
at the sky as she drives someone and someone
someone ashes her cigarette.
averting his gaze, someone shakes his head.
he takes a breath and becomes real.
someone catches someone staring.
someone quickly grabs his rifle but someone gets hold of the barrel.
now holding the long wooden handle of a blunt-edged metal boat hook,
she takes someone's arm and leads him to the dancefloor.
he turns on the spot, watching someone.
looking in, she finds the priest's booth empty.
one guard knocks off a mustached man's bowler hat with a nightstick.
someone works her jaw.
she briefly lifts her bangs back and studies the scar at her hairline.
someone shoots someone a disbelieving glance.
she minimizes her word processor program and opens an email inbox.
he swallows then shifts his attention to little someone who rolls her eyes.
someone glances at the man over his shoulder, then leans toward someone.
he works out a trigonometry equation.
district 10 now houses 2.5 million aliens and continues to grow.
shane gets up from a computer in his underwear.
inside, someone listens to the ipod.
she walks away.
they drive through new mexico.
someone lies in bed as daylight shines through the windows.
claude palms a nearby pocket watch and places it into his coat.
then gives it a sniff.
passing a table filled with confiscated materials,
they race past looters dismantling light fixtures.
dropping to one knee, someone falters then straightens.
he heads into the warehouse and the thugs follow.
the dark haired woman sits back and someone hands her a gun.
someone shakes his head as the ad shows an embracing couple.
hodge climbs several feet of the pole and slides to the ground.
as someone leaves, mr.
someone gives his captain an affirming glance.
now, the dark-haired man sprints down the street, his arms rapidly pumping.
she nods off again.
he climbs behind the wheel and starts the engine.
the agents approach.
parked near the biograph, someone tensely rubs his thin-lipped mouth.
someone punches someone, knocking him out cold.
someone ties his horse to a wooden beam, then treads toward the cross and the stone steps forming its base.
as the swirl of flames retracts,
he enters someone's room with a video camera, as a nurse helps someone from the bed, exposing his buttocks.
he looks down at it.
someone catches up to her.
someone watches the journal get sucked into the darkening sky.
reversed letters beneath read "yangtze bath".
someone throws her arms around someone.
someone lets his hand fall.
the child pauses.
someone operates a mechanical cannon.
his head droops forward and he transfers his coat to his other hand.
now they sit outside.
heavy rains pound on the swelling ocean.
an alien darts behind a display.
someone stares at them as they take their seats.
now, on a basketball court with a row of treadmills at one end, someone rides a bicycle in circles.
someone and someone have wild sex in a variety of locations.
it blasts him with gold confetti.
they lie on their sides and then roll and place making a turning shapes.
someone faces the driver.
the car slows to a stop along the curb.
later as someone works behind the bar, someone appears, still in her short sequined dress and platinum blonde wig.
someone stretches her leg up to a shoulder high ledge.
as someone beams at their surroundings, someone raises a cracker.
he sits hollow-eyed, staring towards the desk where someone used to sit.
he stares for a moment.
he collects pages off the floor, then moves among the lecture seats, where a paper sits at a young woman's feet.
someone walks through the camp.
a drop cloth covers half of the canvas.
someone's wide blue eyes filled with tears as she types.
sitting on the couch, someone leans forward.
sparks shoot in front of someone as she reclined in front of a painting of a shooting star.
in the edited movie, the skeletons appear to vanish in a puff of smoke as the warriors chop through them.
removing a strip of negatives he sets them back in the binder and lays both aside.
someone throws his other pulse whip around someone, who stands to someone's left.
he calmly strolls back around the desk, then faces the banker.
someone glances back at the riders then goes to his love's side.
someone dances away from it and meets the rider in a grappling hold.
someone lifts the hair and inspects it.
he fades completely from view.
later, the family sits at a table.
sea spray forms a light mist over the water's surface as someone shifts her gaze between someone and the mansion.
they shake hands on it.
little someone takes his sawed off shotgun.
now a girl wearing knee-high boots and a mini-dress crosses a busy street and enters a record store.
she sprints over.
a faint smile touches his lips as he turns to someone.
she watches on the monitors as someone grabs one of the women's hands and sucks on her finger.
now she stands on the bar, the crowd at her feet.
the bearded man holds him in a long, unblinking gaze.
answering a phone, she steps away.
someone wraps his arm around him.
someone leaps onto the roof of an oncoming car, then jumps from vehicle to vehicle.
the agent's expression softens affectionately and he faces the painting.
he pats someone.
as he attempts to stop swerving cars, an suv hits him head on.
she strikes him with an oar and he falls off the docks.
the tall redhead shakes her head and circles her bent arms, then points to someone.
it reads 18 hours 58 minutes.
someone corkscrews over a ship, then glides down near the water.
someone rips her pant legs into shorts.
someone stares at someone, who wears a suit and tie,
he gives a confused look.
the icon turns green.
he rolls up her sleeve.
someone imagines her opening her eyes, her chest rises and falls beneath the sheet.
without turning, someone punches her out.
someone and someone follow the busy sidewalk.
they bump his head on a door frame.
now they flip their guns.
someone comes downstairs, and a cigar smoking building manager directs his attention to the visitor.
someone stares at the bookseller as he follows someone to the back of the shop.
his expression softens.
shifting his emotional gaze, someone tugs at his collar.
she joins a few soldiers at another.
he lays his other hand on tyler's head.
a string of saliva falls from his mouth as he sits up and catches his breath.
someone flips three switches, then grips a lever and slides it upward.
it chases the fleeing sorcerer.
now a rising golden sun cuts through the dark.
someone glances at snowy then picks up the dog and holds him out toward the keys.
someone sits facing someone and lays his hand on the large box.
someone picks up a green rubber glove, then drops it disgustedly.
one of the nerds uses ms.
with both hands, he swipes at someone and attempts to stab him in the heart, but an unseen force holds the blade back.
someones reflection in the window shows her loving smile as she waves back.
firing from left to right toward the triangular core, the beam burns a line in the wall which drips with flames.
now, we follow a news helicopter's point of view.
she slips off her pumps.
one man grabs the bird
he glances at someone, then eyes the woman's earrings.
as someone's and someone's path cross, they collide and hit the ground.
someone interrogates someone.
her smile fades and she averts her gaze.
the butcher gives him a hearty kiss, sets him down, and strides off.
someone places his hands together.
as he sits on the edge facing her, someone anxiously shifts in her seat and avoids looking at him.
he checks for his light's reflection on his palm.
as his english teacher collects the students papers, she stops at his desk and touches his shoulder.
wearing his sunglasses, someone's new mentor stops at a tree and gazes up the towering trunk.
the doors open behind him as he zips up his backpack and heads out.
meanwhile, the dragon chases someone.
someone packs a suitcase.
someone spins his client's chair.
she melds herself back together.
someone falls back on his rear end.
someone dashes aside as a cart wheeling train cart clips the depot.
in the living room, someone snoozes on the couch.
now under luxurious bedding someone lies on top of someone as they embrace and kiss.
someone's expression hardens into a mask.
he cranks a thick handle protruding from the side of the mechanism.
someone smashes the windshield, then slices the car's roof with a whip.
someone takes up the rear, closely observing his surroundings.
someone lowers the flamethrower and watches the body burn.
someone squeezes his eyes shut,
now, the brothers step out front.
someone inserts palladium into the reactor and hands it to someone.
up ahead, someone pushes himself through the exit.
she removes her earrings and lets them drop down a sink's drain.
on the ground, a trembling someone wills his arms forward, one after the other as he drags himself along the ground.
she runs out of another cocktail lounge, then another bar just as two guys are thrown out into the street.
someone knits her brow and peers at him down the row of students.
someone gives a sour look.
someone pulls off his helmet and glances through a smoky haze at someone, who snaps the whips out to each side.
someone sets his duffel on a bed.
someone deflects each bullet fired by her and one strikes someone in the back.
he removes a diamond.
now, monks in snowy robes and canary-yellow scarves sit in lotus position, along the rim of a stone dam.
someone puts down his shoulder satchel and regards someone with a wounded expression.
someone draws a topic and reads it.
someone lowers the lid and flees.
someone turns to face someone on tv.
checking someone's wallet, he finds their wedding photo.
someone looks at the bird standing behind him.
now they eat pizza at a display table set for an elegant dinner.
she wraps her arm around the girl and they head off together.
in the suv, someone takes a few steadying breaths.
on a walkway, someone uses a phone.
her mother regards her with wide eyes.
he leans his hands on the table.
with a smile, someone cocks his head.
various artifacts sit in recesses along the hall.
she swaps a look with her copper-haired friend.
at headquarters, someone approaches a blonde woman reading a newspaper.
with a glance at the dismal slum, he shuffles backward into the shanty.
the teacher and student sit motionless, side by side.
releasing her hand, he draws her in and kisses her brow.
someone adjusts her stance and narrows her eyes.
now, she opens a door to a wood-paneled entry way.
someone opens the heisted car's door for him.
someone sets a bent knee at the rear of his seat then straightens it, pushing his weight onto his back foot.
she averts her dejected gaze, then shakes her head dismissively, wipes the tears from her eyes, and resumes clearing the plates.
inside, the two guards hang by their necks from the ceiling.
someone glares as she spots
staring at the creature, someone slowly stands.
now, someone spots something and tugs her husband's sleeve.
the wounded woman addresses someone.
a mustached man sneaks up behind someone and someone and grabs their shoulders.
he watches from a front desk off to one side, as professor someone sets down her back.
rounding a bend, he finds someone waiting for him.
smiling appreciatively at the ocean, someone takes his clothes off.
he crouches to his younger son.
from the sidelines, his classmates cheer wildly.
the boxer leans into a row of radio station microphones.
someone smiles and looks away.
as the barrage of bullets kills the men inside, smoking casings pop out of her gun and shower the ground.
a tiny smile touches someone's lips and he nods.
someone shakes his head, wearing a slight grin on his weathered face.
with parted lips he stares through the chain linked fence toward a highway and a distant bridge spanning the nearby river.
a rumpled sheet covers their waists.
outside, someone walks out through the front door.
the suv hits a concrete barrier and flips over on its roof.
someone someone remains underneath and the victorious teen sits back on the bench at the stern.
his beefy mocha skin boyfriend snuggles up behind him and they watch huckleberry finn on a laptop.
now, a figure moves down a steep verdant slope in the mountains.
someone wields a vacuum cleaner.
he looks at the now empty house, then exits, shutting the door beside him.
someone gives a defensive shrug
the couple looks expectantly at someone.
antonio looks around.
someone nods at someone and she glances at the crowd.
an instructor leads them in simple calisthenics.
someone turns away from someone and rolls in his chair toward his desk.
someone's dad smacks his rear.
in the morning, someone, someone and their dad have breakfast on the patio right in front of ocean.
she hunts around a five-foot plant then locates a tomato and sniffs it.
spinning out of control, someone falls off the stage and lands on his stepfather.
they run from the school, hand in hand.
our view dips to a pair of hands scrubbing filthy fabric.
now the white jeep splashes through a puddle as it drives down a desolate road.
someone pretends to blow out his brains at the tv display.
meanwhile out on the deck, someone holds the lifeboat steady.
in her office, someone posts note cards.
the maroon sedan speeds beneath an overpass, moving easily with other cars in light traffic.
someone watches with a knitted brow.
someone uses a cellphone.
someone stands over them.
a heavy-set man with glasses leads sister from the house in a long black coat.
they walk through an ikea store holding hands.
someone loads his board into the bed of the truck.
as the teens follow a path along a broad, tranquil river
she shifts her horrified gaze.
dear someone, don't try and break me out.
she races down a street lined with cars.
its center dampened with a moist circle.
it turns its head.
someone turns away, his body relaxing.
the muscles in his shoulders ripple as he and someone make love.
she leans on a cement ledge.
the aide strikes someone in the gut with his gun.
the blonde teen stands and gives her older friend a tentative smile.
he holds a framed wedding photo of himself and his wife.
someone winces as she pauses to remove her jacket.
a few toys show in silhouette underneath his bed.
it's warmly lit window show a family milling about inside.
across the room two shelving units part to reveal double doors, which slide open, displaying the interior of an elevator.
he grabs his bag and leaves.
its patrons take notice as the women arrive behind them.
the wavy haired man hangs out the passenger window with his revolver in hand.
wearing pants, cowboy boots, and a dark tee, someone pushes a shopping cart.
jakes smile fades and he stares at her.
she blows a kiss to the crowd.
tears come to sister's eyes.
sparks shoot from between the train's wheels.
in the busy street outside, someone hikes around the corner of the building, passing a shabby office.
someone shifts her gaze.
someone stuns his brother with an elbow to the chin.
as their kiss ends, someone lets her lips graze against his, then strides away.
as the captain heads off, our bird's eye view of his men swings down to watch them collect their belongings.
the cube drops onto the floor.
someone ogles a busty woman standing at the bar behind someone.
at a desk, a writer types rapidly then pulls the paper from his typewriter.
he gently brushes someone's hair out of her face and pushes it back behind her ear.
entering the lounge, someone spots them.
as someone stares tensely, someone seizes the club owner's head and pulls him into a long, sensual kiss.
tears shine on someone's cheeks as he hunches toward the wheel.
in the safe deposit room, three people enter.
someone turns on bright lights behind the artist.
someone appears and shoots someone in the leg.
he stands behind her, and she lowers her gaze.
suspended by the unicorn's rigging, the pirate ship swings over the unicorn's deck.
he turns on the light and jumps back.
someone lowers his butt over the coconut.
he waves his hand around it.
next, a fish, then a dolphin undulating through an unseen current.
the colonel turns.
someone speaks without consulting her script.
someone touches someone's shoulder.
someone glances at it, then tucks it into his jacket.
it flaps away into the night.
at the doctor's signal, the guards separate the two.
someone stares ahead with a look of determination, his grizzled countenance picked out by the pale moonlight.
as someone does a handstand, her legs wobble at unsteady angles.
the new york skyline looms in the distance.
someone follows him back into the showroom.
he was a prominent attorney, banker, and socialite in old hawaii.
now the cops drag someone through a police station booking room.
she smiles at the staring slack-jawed agent with his face.
crashing violently into its rocks.
he writes it on a business card.
someone, look at the last page.
they glance at each other.
glaring, someone shakes his head.
as he follows the sidewalk, he roots around in the pocket of his cargo shorts and pulls out a set of keys.
she passes her stole to someone, who pitches it and competitively joins someone.
someone holds his hand like a gun, points at his own head, then mimics firing several shots.
the children flee as dr.
the hatch closes, holloway reaches someone.
he meets his goateed comrade's gaze.
someone lowers his gaze to the handcuff around someone's wrist restraints.
then she quietly enters the side of the convention hall,
she pummels the boot then steps up on the roof and drives the pole through it into the cabin.
someone mounts his bike then rides away throwing someone a final glance.
slender man opens the door.
later, they return to someone's apartment and someone shuts the door behind them.
he watches as it disappears around a corner.
someone presses her hands to his toned chest, then wraps her arms around his neck.
watching her, someone adopts a breezy demeanor.
she looks unsure and sighs,
she glowers at someone.
she drops the jump rope then walks out of the room.
someone's eyes flit up and down the stoic g-man.
sal introduces someone.
he sets the stick aside as his father shivers in the water.
someone folds his arms with a smirk.
she pulls one of the eggs from the mound and clear goo drips from its bottom.
he pops it in his own mouth and chews it.
two men search a dilapidated house.
he glances over and she looks away.
someone grabs the clerk through a window.
later, at a departure gate, he stands by a luggage.
the men turn and the boy looks up from his play.
sporting a mohawk, she rides an elevator.
someone shakes the beauty's hand.
someone dashes around a corner, then pauses.
pepper tosses the red case onto the ground.
clinging to the ropes with his front claws.
sobs shake someone's shoulders.
someone sees a line gathering outside.
the tiger swallows with a labored breath.
she drinks.
someone sits nearby.
she twirls away, then moves back into his arms.
the partnered g-men filter outward through the trees toward the lodge.
he unveils it, revealing klimt's romantic masterpiece, the kiss.
the tiger manages to secure his front legs on the bench.
breaking off his stare, he answers his cell.
a bar highlights the words, met-delta on a list and a satellite map shows a moving icon.
taking the ring from its box, he slides it onto someone's finger.
then scans the living room.
raising his helpless gaze to his daughter,
she leans the bat on the stair rail.
now, someone steps out onto a balcony on a beautiful day and pauses.
someone passes out.
it grows to the size of a man as it reaches someone.
later at the lake house, someone finds someone asleep on the couch and slaps him on the forehead.
bowing profusely, someone leaves.
meanwhile, someone rounds past a tree.
the boyish young man shifts his humbled gaze.
a woman waiting in the valet area shoots someone a dubious look.
someone frowns quizzically as she turns it in her fingertips.
now words appear beneath a gray, overcast public square.
now, the little alien manipulates projected diagrams and activates sections of the mothership.
someone repeats the gesture.
someone sits at the head of the seated group.
he stops in a doorway.
someone speeds around a curve.
filmed by a tv crew, someone glances at her parents.
someone eyes blink open and her lips remain parted.
someone picks through his cap and counts the donations.
glancing up from the catalog,
a bird's-eye-view shows the black smoke hiding the end of the unfinished roadway.
she bandages it.
mesmerized by the performance, someone interlaces his fingers.
he smiles again as the automaton slides its hand across the desk
he arches his back and winces.
he fondles someone's stain.
from his makeshift seat, he watches someone mid-boat as the hyena tries to climb up onto the canvas.
now wearing his suit and jacket, the passes the living room and finds the penguins still mesmerized by someone.
someone gives a guilty shrug.
the windows of the camera shop shatter as cameras and other metal objects fly out.
he pulls out a passport and a ticket.
someone eyes someone, then matches her hip action.
he reaches out again.
grinning, someone opens it and finds two syringes with needles inside.
someone carries a shoebox.
he reaches for his magazine.
they lean close and enjoy a tender kiss.
pulse whips shoot out from the arms of someone's suit.
in someone's hand the bolt grows in size and intensity.
someone looks to his right, as does someone.
as they stare up at the front door, someone pulls out a pop top can.
someone spits into his palm, then shakes someone's hand.
grimacing, the inspector reaches down and unlocks his leg brace.
he cuts into her forehead.
someone wears a bitter, tearful smile.
someone rides back to the river.
now, in a back room, someone sits back in a plush chair and kicks off her high heels.
he dials.
now vivian and someone sit waiting for him at home.
someone pauses at an article with a photo headlined carlin and vanger rebuilt local port.
now outside, a soldier smokes a cigarette as he lounges near a humvee.
the men drink as people smile and hug one another around them.
the others pass it in their pursuit.
as he glances aside and smiles, a ray of sunlight haloes his hair and shoulders.
he kisses someone's cheek.
standing, he steps before her.
someone sees a cart arriving, pulled by her clydesdales.
someone adjust his chair, mabel shifts closer.
the truck starts to move.
the woman glances at her.
now in the deep south, a veiled woman rides a horse up a dirt path to a plantation house.
she places.
in a large, plush apartment, someone and someone make out.
he looks around, then resumes drawing.
they descend a caged ladder.
someone squints at her then unbuckles his seat belt.
they tread water within a circle of moonlight reflected on the rippling surface of the water, then swim for the dock.
someone turns the key in his hand.
in the next sketch, a boy sits with his elbows on a table, his face buried in his hands.
noticing files on a desk,
she watches as someone and someone pretend to flex their biceps for a photo.
which is then erased,
someone crawls out from the shaft.
he stares.
her chest heaves as he struggles with the packet.
her lone headlight shines through someone's back window.
someone reads what to expect when you're expecting.
the mop stands, then bobs up and down.
as the report awakes to cigarette smoke, someone hurriedly closes the photo library in the adjoining room.
someone climbs out of the car.
the gun drops from her hand.
someone stands leaning against the worktop in a kitchen area.
as the sun rises over distant skyscrapers, someone drives across a bridge out of town.
our view sweeps down to orange juice's body as it grows still.
his dog sniffs someone's leg.
he cracks his knuckles.
eyeing him, she grimaces.
someone's trunk steals someone's half of the covers.
they set down their glasses.
he sits on the edge of the bed and shoots someone a perplexed glance.
then opens a drawer and takes out a pill.
her neighbor strokes someone and gives a friendly smile.
the farm girl enters with the shoebox and sets it down beside her cousin.
as the scruffy, unshaven man scratches his chest right by the mic,
someone joins angel at her side and faces the other
elsewhere, someone rides his bicycle to a transmission tower standing in a field.
her face obscured by a large bouquet held in front of it.
he grabs the spinner.
she compares it to someone's jacket in the photo of him and someone.
louis someone glances at someone.
someone's expression freezes and she looks to the floor.
someone slides his pocket watch over a trajectory marked on a map.
a security monitor shows their names, someone and someone.
outside the guest cottage, the tabby paws at a window then walks out of view.
amid the parade spectators someone smiles with a few girlfriends.
someone joins her hands and smiles excitedly.
someone lowers his eyes and shakes his head.
holding his cramped leg, someone looks
someone forces a casual smile.
someone adjusts the end of someone's blanket and covers his legs.
a sketch of a disembodied face floats past then another of a man peeking out from a ringed planet.
as the girl starts to put her violin away, someone picks up the music again.
someone lifts his knuckles to the door.
someone holds out a shoebox of someone's egg blue marked with a scallop-shell logo.
it's serpentine body lashes around his arm.
sparks spray from it and the kids unfreeze.
someone kisses her back then gives a
with a determined smile, he takes one of the shots from the case.
she goes to the refrigerator.
crouching, someone fires through the downed man, using him like a silencer.
someone sets the stack of paper beside his typewriter and slips a page out from the bottom.
someone guides the businessman inside.
someone starts to follow, but someone discreetly steps in her path.
someone draws a breath.
she surfs toward us.
someone uncaps a jar of ink then dips the needle in it.
now at the relief office, someone stands in one of the many long lines.
he laughs with someone.
someone gazes longingly at someone.
someone sits cross-legged on the kitchen floor with the computer on his lap.
later, a cab pulls up outside.
smoke blasts from a circle of ports, blotting out our view of the ship's underbelly.
they land on the gym floor.
in his apartment, someone lies asleep.
he opens the door with the pen poised in his right hand, then cautiously steps out of the bedroom.
they glimpse a dark shape within.
the baby elephant appears behind him and taps him with its trunk.
someone blinks her solemn eyes at the matchmaker.
strolling deeper inside, the elderly man eyes his merchandise and removes glasses from his pocket.
now, someone sharpens a knife.
behind it, a can of shaving cream with a feminine design reads, satin care.
as his prisoner continues to gasp for air, he presses on his midsection with his fingertips.
a fit, pleasant-faced man sits nearby.
someone covers her mouth with her hand.
someone smiles back at him.
mad woman with a mullet steps out.
someone catches someone's eye and mouths, i'm so happy.
as someone lunges, she strikes him down.
at the expo, air force drones follow someone as he zooms overhead.
someone lowers the binoculars.
he flails helplessly as he descends.
it has someone and someone in it.
they slide someone into the back of the truck.
extending a hand after someone, someone faces the guys and sits on a cooler.
he jumps up and down happily, then alights upon her shoulder.
they watch tv and read magazines.
someone faces forward.
holding a covered tray, someone stands behind her.
beaming, someone shakes her head fondly.
he flails his limbs, struggling for control as he soars at the statue.
someone grits his teeth as someone's weight bears down on him.
his smile widens,
looking down, he finds his wife's delicate features set in a solemn expression.
someone lets go of the shade and walks away.
wearing a crisp suit.
in a window, the salesgirl bends over revealing her thong.
as he gets to his feet, his son's head rolls back limply and one arm dangles from his grasp.
a man fires at someone, hitting his blonde comrade.
he looks again, sees her tender and emotional gaze and smiles at her.
he notices a scruffy indian-american guy alone in the passenger seat of a silver car, then lowers his gaze and sips his beer.
it knocks it off balance.
the doctor opens his door and finds her dancing on his porch.
as they reach the bridge someone rides up close.
a blurry view shows the masked kidnapper.
pausing by the door he faces his wife.
the lovely woman snuggles on a bed with her two boys.
his gull-wing door slowly rises.
grimacing, he opens the door.
he depletes the man with a month.
someone sinks his teeth into flesh, but finds himself biting someone's arm.
another thug opens a curtain, and the bald one wheels someone out.
glancing at the toilet, someone takes out his shrinking paste.
someone loads his gun.
the coach's eyebrows crawl down his face and form a mustache.
his face seizes and he crumples to his knees.
in a neglected, once luxurious bedroom, someone slings a backpack over his shoulder, closes the laptop, and grabs his gun from the bed.
a waitress brings their food.
red someone leaps below decks, then turns and thrusts his sword at sir someone,
she hesitates seeing the two men in the glass walled room.
someone looks to someone.
they trade punches, then someone boots someone into the far wall.
she puts on her shoes.
he kicks in a door, upsetting three iraqi women and one young kid.
the manager approaches her.
one of them addressed to someone curtis.
the winged man extends his arms straight by his sides and flies over us.
as a woman leaves a seat across from the first,
blinking uncomfortably, someone puffs a cigarette and drops his gaze.
someone takes a deep breath.
a balding doctor faces someone.
she drops out of sight.
in the headquarters, someone leans back in a cubicle holding his head.
someone cocks an eyebrow.
someone tilts her head and looks up.
the image fades to colorful blurry lights and a title fades in on the foreground, someone.
as someone scrambles away, someone resumes practicing.
in her bathroom she covers the tattoo on her neck with makeup.
grabbing another, he briefly holds the flame inside it, then places it on someone's skin, next to the first bulb-shaped cup.
he makes a layup.
now credits appear with scenes of the pickup game with the nba players.
now, outside a sprawling ancient complex, a teacher speaks into a megaphone and leads a group of students.
later, inside, a coalscuttle sits empty next to the stove whose open grate reveals dying embers.
someone ends his call and faces his family.
his bearded jaw works rhythmically as he thrusts himself into her.
a bartender brings someone a drink.
she opens her mouth.
another shows baby o.j.-
someone rides on horseback to the observatory and slides someone's sword into the bifrost control mechanism.
people crowd against the windows of the observation booth.
then shakes his head, and takes his cell phone from the plastic bag.
whitaker sits next to his copilot.
they gaze at their unresponsive mother.
someone finds a print-out of her mugshot taped to her computer.
someone carries a box to his cars open hatchback.
at the hospital, someone's head lurches back.
as she maintains her distances, calm waves splash between them.
someone picks up a guitar.
elsewhere, two wooden doors swing open, revealing a large room filled with dark furniture and framed photographs.
as the truck swings wide, someone lets go.
he measures six inches with his hands.
still holding the cup.
our view crests an overcrowded hillside slum with narrow stairways leading upwards between the dilapidated buildings.
in a tux, someone's childhood tormentor leaves the record player, now 20 years younger.
someone sits in his chair.
someone gazes out into a balcony where she imagines someone and someone at a table doing embroidery together.
the banker reaches for an alarm button.
now the agents escort someone of a curving flight of stairs to a landing, where someone lingers with the someone.
remaining fixed on her, someone draws and expels a deep breath,
he reads the display.
someone stares after the departing guy, who wears a pageboy cap.
reaching the bathroom,
someone shifts her gaze then goes to another table.
then turns her look.
someone slouches, wincing tearfully.
the exotic beauty gets out of bed.
she wearily rolls her neck then leaves with the keys.
someone lead someone into someone's room.
he taps his cane on the door frame.
he gives the now-enormous tome to someone, who
now they watch a mets game in their underwear.
reads the email headed announcer auditions, and dials a number off the screen.
then examines four different passports and settles on a mexican one.
he stands in line at a meat seller's stall.
with his back against it, he sinks to the floor.
someone holds master someone's gaze.
as someone shuts his eyes with him, we view archived footage of the game.
someone grabs a musician out of the band and pulls him onstage.
someone approaches a cafe, where pedestrians gather outside.
shivering against the cold, someone follows several paces behind the shopkeeper as he crosses a wide brick street.
someone averts her aim as well, setting her handgun in her lap.
he adjusts his glasses and reads.
someone lies face down his back consumed in flames.
one contortionist spreads her legs overhead and the doorman strikes a triangle between her thighs.
as the informant sprints out of the warehouse, the mobster shoots him.
someone bashes the pick-up and takes aim.
someone waves a dismissive hand.
everyone looks over.
he drags her down to the floor and tears into her.
his opponent gives a small jump forward.
past a dirt smudged newspaper
one lifts his hands and claps.
she has sugar-frosting smushed around her mouth.
meanwhile, someone approaches the room.
she frowns restlessly and wakes.
he grabs a book and enters the kitchen.
leaving him behind, she runs out the door through the corridor and up the darkened steps.
later, someone dumps ice into a bathtub.
he narrows his eyes, trying to get a better look but she slips out of view.
another swipes his claws.
someone walks away from the cottage.
he lifts away a hatch beneath the canvas cover and finds a duffle inside.
now, someone creeps up a stairwell, his gun drawn.
as someone's fight moves to the kitchen, someone chases someone around the living room.
inside, our view roves up the museum's spiraling tiers.
spinning like a whirlwind, someone continues to battle frost giants as his friends flee.
someone paddles by the blue boat as it takes in a broken board.
as they wander through ikea, someone takes someone's hand.
the rest of the crew joins the pair in a briefing area set on the basketball court.
the image dissolves to a  river, beyond which stands a high cliff.
she reveals a bald patch.
as she removes her coat, he shakes his head and smiles.
another camera sits on a tripod near the foot of someone's bed.
embracing someone, she feeds him a snack.
spinning, they shine red scanner beams in all directions as they fly down the corridor.
she reaches across the space between them and rubs his shoulder.
hospital room where her family waits by her bed.
the submarine drags someone beneath the water.
someone sits at the radio and switches it on, then puts on a pair of headphones.
behind him, hundreds of stars sparkle across the calm, black sky.
now, someone holds the camera out to record himself and someone in action.
smiling, she dabs his cheek.
they head indoors.
someone brings up a grid of thumbnail images.
the teen turns and takes a few steps back
the center of the disc drops, then rotates counter clockwise and opens for a head and pillar to emerge.
someone holds up a hand and nods.
the dog lies down and lowers his head.
he notices her tapping finger, then shakes his head.
someone sprints around a corner and seizes him in a hug.
on the spreadsheet a row detailing someone homburg's palmar murder ends with a blank field.
now someone holds his coat, closed around his neck as he walks past a row of snow dusted christmas trees for sale.
his gaze stops on a picture showing the back of someone's head and the people across the street from her.
as the cart leaves, two piglets peer over the back gate.
they return to someone's suv.
the frustrated operator walks into the break room with a hand on her forehead.
the man points.
now, someone leaves with a hand on someone's shoulder.
he pretends to shoot an arrow.
someone rises from his chair.
a new chopper lands in district 9 and drops off a handful of reinforcements.
someone and his mom walk the market.
she shows a photo of someone and someone as teenagers.
someone picks up a ponytailed little boy who pokes the stub of someone's missing arm.
he passes behind a staffer on the phone at a nurse's station.
in his perspective, she appears to pull away from the others around her.
shifting his gaze from the blonde in thigh-highs and miniskirt,
the fishing boat makes it way over to the board.
someone shakes his head, then waves to catch his attention.
someone takes the printout from her purse.
someone stands in the doorway where sunlight floods into the vessel.
his hand close to hers, he presents a gleaming toy sword made of silver.
the air force drones follow someone as he speeds up after someone.
as someone stares at him, the guy's head suddenly snaps back.
in the darkened living room, someone watches a baseball game on the flat screen tv.
pursing his lips, he shifts his gaze.
he backs the teen against the shed.
someone stabs a blonde haired man in the leg, then takes his weapon and uses him as a human shield.
in the present, someone sits at someone's bedside, gazing at her unconscious friend.
jagged geometric pieces of the image separate from each other like shards of glass.
someone throws up her hands.
someone remorsefully rights the barrel, then continues pacing.
the minutemen's car pulls up next to a group of guys who scatter.
someone notices their disapproval.
she grabs someone's phone and hands it to her.
behind the bench, the ice wolves' coach scowls, then sidles over to someone.
his captor waves the needle in his face.
he enters the first railcar and staggers past the dummy cargo.
she strolls back into the kitchen brushing her hair with her fingers.
someone leaves him standing alone.
he narrows his eyes.
someone eyes his cell, shows it to someone, and answers.
he's getting his shoes shined.
he pulls a cloth cover off it and undoes the catches.
his wing freed, someone gives his boss the tooth.
he leaves the gum on a crossbar then shuts the door.
now, words appear.
someone runs down the road.
now at a gas station someone inspects the id.
and drops to his knees.
someone shifts his confused stare.
the cubes fly out and sail into the sky.
she furrows her brow.
walking past someone, someone heads to an interior door and turns the knob.
one bare foot rubs the other ankle.
she turns and glances out a window behind her as the cars speed past.
in the visiting room, the door opens.
he keeps hold of his horse's reigns and drunkenly struggles to his feet.
someone follows behind him, watching closely.
he guides it in.
she watches the mees move in.
someone's stunned.
someone gazes steadily at his foe and breathes deeply through flared nostrils.
smiles indulgently as the doctor forces a smile and inserts the wand.
someone glances sideways at someone as they march.
smiling, he holds it aloft.
he twirls his guns then kisses one.
someone smashes through the front windshield and sprawls across the hood, inches behind the spinning propeller.
someone presses his lips together stifling a wretch.
one guy drops his tray.
someone rolls over and props himself up on his week arms.
van crashes into a sign for a carousel.
she turns and smiles at him as they pull away.
someone reels in a floating beach ball-sized device shaped like a chocolate kiss.
he bears his teeth.
someone turns away sadly and leaves.
he looks at the shots.
as he pounds on the cabin, a veteran surfer shakes his head.
following close behind, someone's cruiser turns a corner.
he gapes at his patchy chest.
propped up by his arms, as she pulls his undershirt over his head.
someone checks his rearview mirror.
glaring, she walks away.
they exchange a collegial nod.
in the desert someone gazes skyward.
someone helps someone to his feet, as the men rush inside the building.
smiling, someone steps up to someone.
someone climbs over a rock barrier carrying a yellow supply bag.
someone's brow furrows compassionately.
the night sky camouflages his shadowy form.
he finds a pack of juicy fruit gum.
now, she leads them through the facility.
he glances at the others.
she opens an office door and points to a row of
beaming wistfully at the page, he shuts his eyes.
meet me at the bench on sycamore road.
he bows, then reads.
they share a grin and someone leads them ahead.
she stands up, peels off the dress,
placing one hand on his own chest, someone stands.
someone switches off the car headlights and gets out, wearing a pretty pale lilac someone dress.
clad in white, the blonde mutant rises from her bed and faces a metal door.
someone drags someone across the suite.
a brilliant fire cloud billows high into the sky.
beside her, someone takes off her shades and regards him with a fond gaze.
continuing in this manner, she gradually descends floor by floor.
she closes her eyes and presses her lips to his.
she takes it out of her purse, unfolds it and shows it to the women.
someone skeptically chews another truffle.
later she sleeps with her head against a thick pillow.
someone grins as she watches him.
reaching the party, he heads up a boardwalk.
various clips of someone and someone driving in their car appear beside the credits.
he gives her a boost into the saddle, then gently sets her foot in a stirrup.
the flash mob freezes mid dance.
taking a deep breath, someone returns his gaze to the portrait, and blinks back tears.
later they eat from takeout containers.
the suit's machine guns discharge.
keeping an arm around the boy, he opens the lab door.
the assassins hurry closer.
now he exits to the hall.
she steps closer, averting her gaze.
he sinks to his knees then keels over.
licking his chops, he makes another try for someone but slumps weakly against the canvas.
she holds its stem delicately in her fingertips and closes her mouth sensuously around the fruit.
as someone hangs his head, someone holds his brow wrinkled.
he bags the canister.
someone's head sinks and he covers his eyes.
the real estate sign lists the name someone speer and shows a happy photo of a beady-eyed man with a toothy grin.
nodding his head slightly, someone walks off.
staring at someone, someone shuts the hatchback.
someone skids to a stop beside an armed thug who spins and faces him.
he stares at the daunting stack of folders and assignment books for a moment then turns on a lamp and opens up his laptop.
black-and-white footage of someone f. kennedy appear
the female member of someone's crew leads down stairs into the basement.
her square-jawed husband stares grimly at her over his reading glasses.
someone lowers his phone from his ear and gazes at it.
he reaches for it.
someone watches her walk away.
his mesmerized gaze fixed on her curves.
he undoes the belt in her blue robe.
with a solemn look, someone shifts his draw.
the long-haired, heavyset cousin smirks disapprovingly at someone.
now, she hugs his arm as they walk hand in hand past a cafe.
someone carries the wooden bucket through the wintry brush, her oversized coat belted up tightly around her waist.
someone emerges from his shelter, his ears back and his eyes wide.
now, office workers in desks fill an elegant carpeted room.
our view drifts away from someone's window.
nearby, someone drapes her arms around the shoulders of two groomsmen.
checking a slip of paper, he heads through the gate's double doors and walks down a winding alley cluttered with boxes and junk.
he shrugs.
someone glances back over his shoulder.
with a dispirited look, he trudges out of the living room.
she turns to find him walking away, then excuses herself from her friends.
as someone grins, someone joins them.
he gives someone a pointed look.
someone raise the fork to his mouth.
someone looks up at him with a wounded glare.
yellow beacons marked with surname initials someone the team member's locations.
slowly leaning back into view, he peers around the corner at the box of porn.
someone blinks for a moment then sets his chunk of ice on the table.
someone writes in his journal.
someone reaches toward them.
inside, she faces an apartment door.
someone kisses someone, who sits and sews.
they bump their fists, flaring their fingers as they part.
someone drags off the cigarette.
the bearded driver screams as they soar off an overpass.
on the other side, someone is with someone,
a short husky man with someone skin and a toothbrush mustache approaches someone.
pulling the curtains aside,
she passes a string of rosary beads to a hand maid.
he raises his beer bottle in a toast, then shakes his head.
now, someone carries a tray of food through a darkened hall.
gunfire blast the dirt surrounding him.
he gets a text from someone, i need to see you.
on the tv, a band plays.
outside, agents flood out of vehicles and head toward the building.
someone watches her disappear down a staircase,
someone sidesteps and decapitates him on a vault shelf.
a disheartened someone remains in the passenger seat, and rests his elbow on the window sill.
the doors close back up, trapping the baby alien inside, and a white mist fills the chamber.
the hanger hatch lowers making an exit ramp.
as joshua leaves, someone locks up then throws down his apron and hurries to action.
a machine gunner kicks a sheet metal barrier from a guard top.
stifling a smirk, someone nods.
heading off, someone checks his clock.
someone dashes over and finds him in a motor boat.
she shoots him a look.
a flashback shows the cardboard box arriving at the baggage claim carousel.
he grabs his chair as movers carry it off.
at night, puddles retreat away from someone's footsteps.
she approaches two seated men on the show site.
as the manager steps away the visitor selects a catalog card.
someone eyes stains on the girder.
he sees her staring.
her husband regards her with a tender gaze.
someone seizes someone by the collar.
the goateed executive talks on the phone, sitting at his desk before a wall of tall windows overlooking a river.
bathed in sunlight, someone looks down at his lawyer who nods.
someone climbs up after them.
she checks a test stick.
someone gives an understanding nod.
someone sidles down the narrow gap between the bar and a wall, then rounds a corner to the other side and joins someone.
he spies someone inside, conversing cheerfully with a group of girlfriends.
someone slowly turns the corner and eyes the goat with his mouth hanging open.
as she passes ground zero, she glances at people gathered by a fence adorned with flowers and flags.
snowy runs up to the young man.
as another member contributes, someone's face brightens.
he and two friends eyed the successful woman.
someone's next punch hits someone's cheek.
the board pops up into the air and twirls over the waves untethered.
a coffin is slid onto a rail wagon.
someone faces blond who returns his gaze remorselessly.
someone stares at his protege appreciatively.
his fist stops mid punch and his brow furrows.
the tiger hangs on by ropes draped around the hull.
the bearded man steps forward as someone sits up.
the general sits and the others follow suit.
with a frown, she glances at someone's empty pillow.
the woman rushed back to the severed head.
someone gives a patient, amused smile, then narrows his eyes.
someone shifts his weight and extends his arm showing someone the oval ring in his hand.
someone runs up a flight of steps and hurries off with his purse in hand.
now at a nightclub, someone sits alone sipping a drink as she watches a crowded dance floor.
in the lion enclosure, someone shakily removes the gate's knob-shaped handle.
she stretches her arm over her friend and holds her gently.
someone chucks the remaining carrot aside, then launches into a soft shoe dance.
he caresses her shapely bottom.
he stares off.
back in the ring, baer adjusts his gloves as he looks at us.
he stares off,
the larger one takes the smaller one's hand and comforts it.
she kisses him gently.
above a phrase reads, joint petition for simplified dissolution of marriage.
someone helps someone to his feet, as burning someone rains down around them.
someone's smile fades to a tight smirk.
someone heads back toward his house.
he spreads his hands in a dramatic shrug.
the family brings grandma some peppers.
she bites her lip.
he casually sips from the can as the other three glare at him.
flashes of blue light streak across the yard as dugan climbs atop one of the armored vehicles.
she gently takes it from her father's grip.
she takes a seat across from him.
the boys look to the door where an officer enters with lord someone.
she drops her gaze and gives a pensive nod.
now she walks with someone, as he carries his board from the water.
a staffer arrives, but the woman sends him away with a gesture.
standing among the soldiers with drawn weapons, someone keeps his fingers on his temple.
among the angry and fearful faces, a man with shaggy hair like someone's grips the shoulder of a goateed man holding a cane aloft.
the young man turns away.
later, someone demonstrates invisibility spray.
someone stares at his mentor helplessly.
someone watches with shining eyes.
with crystal perched on his shoulder, someone lifts a boy off the tree and sets him on the ground.
they separate enough to look into each other's eyes.
someone swaps looks with gilbert, then shoves through a revolving door.
sir someone picks up a piece of burning wood and lights a cannon, causing it to shoot backward and knock several pirates overboard.
they look over their shoulders.
someone and someone stand side by side and watch the ship fly off.
shuffling through the kitchen,
he smooths someone's hair and kisses her.
he opens the doors of a shed and pads inside barefoot.
with her hand concealing a relieved smile, someone glances at someone.
now in a hotel suite, someone wears a robe and gets candy from the minibar.
the leader weaves through traffic with the piata strapped to his sissy bar.
he straightens, takes out his fedora and beats it back into shape.
smirking, ms. white collects her purse and gets up.
thick spikes of ice form over frost giants fists as they step out of hiding.
the dragon climbs up the building toward someone.
turning she finds someone behind her.
the jet barrel rolls for it to pass over.
inside the moustached man points one finger at various letters on the newspaper.
someone lifts the walking stick from the sidecar.
someone helps up someone.
someone sits beside someone who watches a television news program.
she yanks his body against hers.
he eyes her, smiling.
leaning forward, she turns on the radio.
he bashes the man against a wall.
he helps her put a foot in the stirrups.
he stops turning the crank.
someone stands behind the children wringing
now, someone heads out of the crimson elephant.
she shoves past him.
later, he and someone take off in the limo.
as he stands, she musses his hair and rumbles his shirt.
someone aims out the driver side window.
as two of the infected chase him from a burning car.
the inspector glances down at the brace on his leg.
the boys watch from the stairs.
he pinches his fingers.
someone lifts the holograph with both hands and turns.
someone glances across the room at someone and someone, as sister leads him out of sight.
things protrude on his mutating hands as well.
an officer approaches.
already seated, someone stands awkwardly, then sits again.
a barred window is set into the side of a jagged mountain peak dusted with snow.
a bright golden flash clouds our view.
as stinky's tail feathers rise and fall on nimrod's face, the bird tries to shake them away, but rolls off the bed.
she talks into it like a microphone.
the stringy-haired sorcerer slowly faces the boy, studying him, then brushes past.
someone parks by the side of the road and rolls down his window.
and sits at someone's computer.
using cups and string
with a nod, someone opens the door for her.
as she soars over someone, he readies his catch-pole.
the receptionist leads someone down a hall and into someone's office.
his mom snatches it and turns.
with an indignant gape, she peels off.
as the two bottom sections of the lid come together like a set of doors,
traveling through another neighborhood, the car passes a large, beautifully landscaped house on a corner.
still in her tight cocktail dress, someone dances around the couch and faces someone, wildly waving her arms overhead and kicking her feet.
inside a convenience store, she opens a freezer case
he glimpses someone as her elevator closes.
someone shoots and the man in the saddle falls.
the two blasts meet, forming a huge fireball, which explodes and destroys much of the room.
one man slips and staggers momentarily as he steps down a small ledge.
they dress it in a wig and lingerie.
her head relaxes back, then tenses again as the forceps dip into her open abdomen.
someone places the reactor in a pouch.
he takes a bite then hurls it against the far wall.
she angrily holds up five fingers.
they reach a man's office.
one of them throws a screwed up piece of paper at him.
he happily gazes after her.
with a frustrated look, she smacks the unfinished sculpture, then shoves the table away.
at twilight, two men fish on the dock outside the restaurant.
she takes her phone from her bag and answers it as she returns to the roof's corner.
they weave through the crowd and arrive at a pond.
someone out of the command truck, then looks to the others and smirks.
now, someone leads the humans out of the jungle and into a vast desert.
now the van parks in front of a taco boy restaurant.
someone pulls up to the apartment entrance, behind someone's car.
someone shakes out a cup, then fills it with coffee and shifts his anxious gaze.
someone looks to someone, who shakes her head with wide eyes.
central park, each avoiding the others' gaze.
he kisses the top of her head.
people on the ground hold their arms above their heads as they gaze skyward.
he opens the marlboros, puts one between his lips and throws the rest of the pack away.
later someone wearing glasses and headgear makes two peace signs with her hands.
she points at someone.
he yanks off his mask.
beside him, angel twitches a smile, then clinks her glass with someone's.
on marble bank lobby, customers wait in line.
she drinks that too.
someone's expression softens, then turns thoughtful again.
someone takes the equipment out of someone's hands, then writes in a notebook as he puts on a black t-shirt.
she opens a bottle of diet soda and clutches it with both hands as she drinks.
someone picks up utensils and cuts the steak.
with their mouth under their coconut, someone pushes it up to someone's lips.
someone shifts on his feet as they saunter past.
he drops his arm to his side, checks his watch, then marches off.
someone falls to the floor, frees his wrists and retrieves his ax.
someone runs to a railing and frantically peers over the edge.
the doors start to close again and someone pushes them open.
sitting diagonally beside her former guardian, someone wipes drool from his mouth with her sleeve.
it's 11:30 and someone, a chubby man with curly dark hair, lies awake in bed.
she opens the window and props it up with a thick red book.
he rushes at someone ping again, but the referee forces him back, gestures firmly for him to stay, and signals him with a flag.
someone keeps his eyes on her until a tree finally blocks his view.
someone clasps the belt again
and he races over to the dog as the arrow plummets to the ground.
someone flips several switches, activating timers which count down from seven minutes.
she takes his arm as they head down the snowy street in the opposite direction.
her head droops forward and her eyes close as she strolls over to a sunny window.
he forces another smile.
someone wearily shakes his head.
someone and someone hold it up and hit it with boxing gloves.
to the roof and looks a few stories down.
he circles his right arm and shakes his wide hips.
his head droops.
now someone shuts her eyes ecstatically.
someone approaches a scooter.
he musters a curt wave and pulls into a parking space.
in the back, one of the captured pilots frees himself, then unties his partner.
as someone steps toward the door, someone hurries after her and grabs her arm.
someone releases someone's.
later, someone lies sound asleep, resting her head on someone's shoulder.
the shadows hiding someone's face fade, as she steps outside into the gentle sunlight.
he runs back to someone's bike which lies on the pavement.
he sees his mother taking a look around as she approaches his table.
she gives them to him.
someone as he walks by.
now, pedestrians cross paths outside someone's apartment building.
the girls watch as he holds the container over the side of the boat
light filtering between the floor boards glows on her delicate features.
the tiger hangs off the far spokes, adding to its weight then drops into the water.
she paces.
now someone wipes snow off his laptop and opens it.
her brow lifts and she gives an astonished smile.
he hefts her over his shoulder.
sheltered from the lightly falling snow, she turns toward the building.
holding her close, someone cradles her head in his hand as she sobs into his shoulder.
spying hills in the hazy distance,
with his gloved hands, he picks her up by the collar and slams her into the wall.
she puts down a box then crosses to her desk at the back of the room.
riding on a wave of ice and rock, someone glides up to someone.
still twirling his hammer, someone watches as frost giants close in around him.
someone gives a satisfied smile.
as someone puts on a bra, her naked husband straggles by, rubbing his eyes.
they drive off in her pink volkswagen beetle toward a bridge.
someone turns the vault's dial.
the inspector straightens then faces someone.
they share a grin and he goes off.
as he fires them, the shoot past someone and hit a power shed.
he cranks the wheel from someone and they turn into a parking lot.
his crown, hangs it at the back of his throne and sits.
as he leans closer, someone jumps up from the couch.
someone clutches his head and drops to his knees, as memories of someone torturing him flood his mind.
then helps him put on his slippers.
later, they return to the dorm.
she lays down another cloth.
someone slowly walks toward the garage and peers in through a window.
someone lets him go.
someone passes with his penguins on a walking rope.
someone punches him in the kidney.
someone rips off his jacket and pulls a pistol from his waistband.
"go deeper."
that night in his apartment he gives his father his business card.
someone receives her reply.
they trade easy shots over a row of rocks taking the place of a net.
someone leads mr.
someone carries an armful of toiletries into the bathroom and drops them onto the counter.
telekinetically tearing it apart.
someone meets her attentive gaze, then shakes his head wistfully.
then we see him in a sunny kitchen.
he faces the bully with a fearless scowl.
at the wheel of the flaming truck, the rider thrusts one hand out to the side and gives a taunting shriek.
someone points one finger toward someone, who stiffens.
someone straightens his back and holds out a hand.
he daps and slaps with a couple of guys he meets on his sunny walk to work, shakes a lot of hands, and is wreathed in smiles.
her finger trails down an ad in the magazine that seeks background singers for urban group.
someone regards his old friend solemnly.
king someone sees someone.
he turns his harsh eyes on someone who gives a cool smirk.
someone storms into view, her shoulder covered in vomit.
the men shoot at each other.
someone rushes a shore and dashes through the woods, pumping her shackled arms.
under the green illumination of the glow stick, the young man blinks, gazing sadly.
someone shifts her wide-eyed gaze.
someone meets his gaze.
as he pries off its cover, he fumbles it, and it falls to the ground.
someone accepts it.
someone scans the hillside but finds no sign of anyone.
as they drop both russians, someone returns and shoots the ceiling.
he gestures imploringly at his injured friend and shakes his head.
he sees the doctor signal the clerk thumbs up.
the cops face the others.
he hangs up and approaches a line of cars.
light from the confessional's grated screen cast an ornate shadow pattern against her cheek.
checking himself out in a mirror, someone puts up his dukes.
he attacks it with a crowbar.
someone ducks back down.
someone heads up the fire escape followed by someone.
as she leaves, someone's lips curl into a smile.
someone hands supplies up to his father.
someone and someone swap disgusted looks.
someone's eyes look her over then narrow his eyes.
he clicks to the next image, which shows him and someone sharing a kiss.
someone and the children pull lattice boards off its base.
in an alcove, several paintings by klimt stand propped against crates.
a light on her rebreather pack glows green.
someone releases the bird.
rolling from side to side, someone avoids the bullets but slips off the roof and clings to the cab's passenger side door.
someone rushes off.
she sees a silhouetted horseman up ahead.
on the deck of the ship sir someone peers through a spyglass as the unicorn sails through a rough sea.
inside, someone lies on the floor.
his eyes search their faces.
the audience rises to its feet.
now partners, they patrol a tranquil public park on bicycles.
now the pickup travels past an airport tarmac situated across the street from a sign reading welcome to fabulous las vegas, nevada.
someone walks with someone.
someone lounges in the tub covered in bubbles.
they clink glasses.
she kneels before someone.
someone looks into someone's eyes as he chats away happily.
someone and his brother walk past an actor putting on a lobster costume.
the pig farmer reaches for a knife as his friend's eyes widen.
he bends over the cake and blows.
they drink their vodka.
the seaplane swoops out of the sky and strafes past them.
a cab pulls up.
clutching his weapon, the soldier ducks into a shadow and vanishes.
giving us a view of his distracted face head on.
followed by emoticons.
he someone take care of your mama.
someone stands hastily.
someone steadies himself and becomes stone,
a beam shines brightly from a chunky spacecraft as it turns.
day 27 becomes day 28.
sadie runs downstairs.
he exits and slides the metal door shut.
as someone's car arrives, someone grabs the garbage back from atop the mustang's trunk.
she holds it out to someone.
someone kicks him, knocking him to the ground.
swat team members in black helmets train rifles on them.
he shifts his gaze.
they stand and applaud.
he fills an old white sink with water,
the chopper turns to face the roof.
at the expo, someone and the drones chase someone as he speeds over a long line of reflecting pools.
he takes back the flask then pour someone a drink from a bottle.
stylized cloud-like graphics adorn a moon bridge.
someone shuts the door behind him, then draws a curtain covering the windows to the ward floor.
he talks on his cell.
on a busy city street, traffic lights turn from green to red.
noticing it, she breaks into a run.
now, in someone's pink-tiled bathroom, someone searches a vanity then picks through dirty laundry strewn around the tub.
someone begins to write.
they greet each other with a
someone salaad's unicorn model sits in its glass case surrounded by narrow pillars.
he reads the measurement.
she smiles in her elegant lavender gown.
later, someone, someone, someone, someone, and someone collect the escaped snakes.
carrying cases, someone and someone step inside.
wearing a pith helmet someone hurries past several vendors.
the boys stop by the door.
someone urges someone toward another mat.
someone coaches him to keep his fists up.
and stands face-to-face with someone.
as someone keeps eating, the girls stare.
the boy sulks off.
someone helps someone sit up.
as he feebly inches a pawn forward she helps him, then lowers her gaze and bites her thumb.
he hands her the package, the chef takes it quizzically.
someone rains from the sky as more cars flip through the air and crash in flames.
the terrified woman gapes.
there are matters you do not understand.
someone pops a pill and looks at someone.
someone takes out a toy gun.
now someone pulls into the driveway of the rental house.
someone stands across the water.
someone looks at his son, his profile traced in a glimmer of light.
the otherwise fully clothed someone writhes atop of someone's clothes prone body.
someone strolls pass someone, then faces him.
in expectations, they're together, flirting.
an all caps title appears, word by word filling the screen.
the camera view rose to a dj.
entering the bathroom, someone strides to the last stall
his father looks up from a coin.
someone's gps locator still reads no location information.
someone reaches out and grasps one of the mans boots,
further along the bulletin board, he finds black and white photos of himself - others show more buildings.
darling gazes wistfully after his daughter.
he downs his opponent with two powerful kicks, and the official raises his arm triumphantly.
someone reaches for someone's hand.
with her back to the animal, someone washes dishes.
stare at the ceiling, their hands folded over their chests.
someone wheels someone's chair toward someone.
he walks down a barren corridor and stops in front of a door.
someone pulls back her long hair and ties it in a bun.
his son sits on a ledge, his mouth set in a line and his eyes staring blankly.
she reads.
someone puts it in a briefcase.
as someone kicks at the can, he slips in the mud and knocks his wife down beside him.
someone wraps an arm around her shoulders.
she catches him looking.
now in someone's courtyard, someone kicks the utility pole which stands thickly wrapped in padding.
someone skulks past a gatepost and nearly bumps into her.
someone takes a deep breath, then relaxes and leans closer.
as someone stares at someone, he accidentally bangs his board on the someone.
inside, a crew member lies on the floor.
considering, she allows an amused smile.
the crane lowers the car toward a rooftop.
he freezes as the inspector takes out a pocket watch and checks the time.
they peer into the auditorium.
someone touches the boy's shoulder.
someone stands with his back to them as someone takes aim.
she leads him downstairs to a chic living room where they join someone and a girlfriend.
the inspector limps around the corner and stares at the deserted corner.
gaze fixed on the modified doll as her mother looks down at her.
an old woman walks beside them.
in the imagined scene, someone and someone sit on his pool deck, enjoying takeout burgers and soft drinks.
the blonde twins exchange a look.
in a dining room, someone pours herself a glass of wine.
in front of her, a bloody someone sits tied to a chair, his head drooped forward.
someone blasts him through the chest.
with his mouth open, the story teller stares at his guest.
his hands clasped demurely.
the waist-high pillar rises from the blue-lit floor.
he opens someone's door, bashing it against a post.
trees hide them as the horsemen ride past with a colony of bats swooping overhead.
the bus pulls away, revealing someone as he arrives at the curb.
at night, the carriage approaches the plantation house.
someone pats his cheek.
someone offers a candid grin.
as he unlocks the front door, someone approaches him from behind.
now, a classical chinese tower, with stacked roofs, stands silhouetted against a golden sky and low sun.
the door showing an isolated cell block.
his blonde receptionist unlocks the door.
she runs to him and leaps into his arms.
the jets bring up massive clouds of dust around the ship as it touches down.
its door closes after her and the vehicle pulls into the road.
a sign reads, round 3.
she gives a casual salute and heads off.
grabbing the slab, someone lifts it.
brushing past him, she strides
someone sets his briefcase on to a couch, then picks up an appointment book and writes.
someone throws a clean shot straight into the catcher's mitt.
little someone irritably lets her gun droop.
someone pours antiseptic over someone's wounded abdomen.
someone and someone follow someone over several train cars to a ladder.
other journalists wait with flashbulb cameras and three lawmen hold rifles.
as someone walks off, his cell explodes.
he lobs it into the other room where it lands beside the murdered gunman.
she stares ahead intently.
they cross the chic and minimalist home.
outside, homer discretely holds a rifle at his side.
someone ties a black tie for him.
finding light spilling from an open door, he ventures through and finds a woman at a refrigerator.
as someone relaxes, his mother briefly fills his view.
now, the teen shovels food into his mouth.
later still, he paddles out past a stone jetty.
as she supports him, the brutish henchman appears.
someone wags her bottom.
he scans the empty arena, but finds only someone's red dress hanging from the hoop.
she turns and heads back towards the entrance of the building.
someone stands still before her.
someone shuffles off and takes a seat on a shaded stoop.
someone stares thoughtfully.
as someone stops, someone shakes his head.
someone places his other one over it.
the manager finds someone at a card catalog.
she glances at them, then eyes the valet.
emerging, someone descends the steps with a stilted limp and his father at his heels.
she carefully swings her legs over a security gate at the top and strides onward.
another goes down.
the boy glares up at someone as the older man nods.
and peruses containers of ice cream.
someone hands over the white horse's reins, then unfastens someone's sword from its saddle.
black makeup rings her eyes like a mask.
her mother bumps and grinds her hips on her way out.
our view zooms in on a red stain north of gettysburg which becomes a smoking field beneath an overcast sky.
someone drops his briefs.
he rushes inside and leaves the bedroom as our view shifts to someone, who lies under the bed behind a large box.
now, outside her house, she she removes her hands on his eyes to reveal a new mountain bike.
as someone leans forward, someone's sister gives a dirty look.
the troubled teen runs out.
she pouts and looks down.
then nonchalantly walks off.
she stares at the main display and the green ready icon in the center of the interface.
he drives his fist through the cracks, shattering the windshield.
now someone warren watches, arms folded, as someone stands in someone's cell.
a block or so behind, one of his men scopes the street with a night vision lens.
in the corridor, her escort checks her watch then peers inside the restroom.
she approaches him.
someone high fives someone.
eyeing the captain.
words above it read dolphin research center, dolphin parent wally sneer.
someone nervously bites her lip and her ex-
getting back up, she tears some gauzy fabric from her pink dress.
someone collects his things and heads out.
he pours in the last few drops of milk from a carton.
later, in a dimly lit restaurant, someone wears a cocktail dress as she sits with a brown-haired man.
passing framed pictures and a mirror, he reaches his old manager at the desk.
from the hall, he views his agonizing mother lying in bed.
he shows someone the jewel-drop-pendant necklace from the market.
now someone runs out of the house and kicks the can away from someone.
amid the contents on the back wall, four dell computer boxes sit stacked on the lowest shelf.
the three sedans travel a street along a river.
someone glances at the passing landscape, his face becoming somber.
someone watches with a horrified expression.
he reaches to shut off the camera.
someone crosses the submarine and reaches a control panel.
he wakes up and furrows his brow.
three frost giants run up the corridor to the translucent box, which contains a swirling orb of glowing blue mist.
she has a dodgeball in her hand.
the nazi officer slides it out.
on screen, the data window goes dark.
now someone holds up a glass of wine.
someone sullenly looks up at the ad executive.
someone goes into someone's dressing room.
someone escorts someone into a waiting room.
someone carries his groceries further inside.
as someone storms out of the apartment, someone stares with a frown.
as someone crosses to the dark haired woman, a dazed someone rises to his feet but struggles to maintain his balance.
he stops at a door marked stairwell, third floor, and opens it.
someone blocks his fevered attacks, then kicks him back.
someone, sporting a large mottled bruise on his upper cheek,
it falls to the floor.
a photo shows the smiling wedding party.
someone grabs her arms and holds her at bay.
the pirate ship fires a volley.
a batter swings and hits, and the crowd rises.
as someone flicks his hands, several completed structures rise off the floor and connect to create the seattle space needle.
back in the car, someone plays her audio book.
he put a hot splint to his facial scar.
someone slides out of her chair.
he glances at the band, then rubs his face.
she moves a tile into a trash bag lined box, gets to her feet and removes a pair of rubber gloves.
someone abruptly ends the kiss and faces a stylized portrait of an old man.
an overhead street light explodes, showering sparks.
a mercenary pulls the pin from a smoke grenade and tosses it.
they turn back.
now, pale light glows on someone's sleeping face.
as it recedes, he lies on the bench gasping for air.
she sits up with a resilient look in her eyes.
a blandly handsome man inside the basket fires up the burner, startling her.
with small heel-toe steps, he crosses the rope nimbly.
a figure rises from the darkness.
he passes the car with someone's things, and glances through a few enlarged photographs in a basket.
the cops obey.
now sunlight fans out across the marble floor as a pair of doors swing open.
someone shifts her sad eyes, then turns away.
as he looks it over, he lifts his brow and nods.
carried by someone, someone looks back as the beast races toward them on four legs.
now, someone rides his white steed among the trees.
now in the someone arts dojo, someone and someone face off again as both of their fathers look on.
as he escapes down the hallway, the tabby bounds after him.
someone lets out a deep sigh.
revealing an oversized shirt with a hem just below her hips.
she drops the money on a table and leaves.
she hides perfume behind her back.
the face plates on someone's and someone's suits flip back down.
he chuckles to himself.
someone brightens the light.
the nerds dismantle someone's phones.
someone films a tailgating truck.
now stylish guests attend a hip party at a mansion overlooking the ocean.
someone's eyes glisten with tears and she lowers her saddened gaze.
the gang leader cuts off a sedan and rides up alongside them again.
as she leaves, someone glances below his beastie boys t-shirt.
he briefly bows his head, then forces words out.
she takes a sip then slowly picks up someone's cell phone.
she lands on top of him.
she adjusts his blankets.
he halts and turns around to find someone watching him from a leather sofa.
the vampire's head lies at his feet.
someone sits in the driver's seat while someone climbs behind him in the back seat.
someone leans heavily against an arched doorway.
someone drives up close behind her then backs off.
the dead men are propped up outside the cabin.
in a kitchen, a full-figured woman answers the phone.
the gorilla pulls the.
now, he lifts a match to a cotton ball held in a long pair of tweezers.
someone brings up the rear.
as someone lands nearby, a helicopter searchlight shines down on him.
at night, someone faces her laotong.
the engineer's eyes twitch and open slightly.
tumbling across the beach, the submarine mows down several palm trees, creating a cloud of sand.
they fish from the boathouse.
their faces masked only from the nose down.
stands beside someone wearing a white tux.
his face withdraws down her chest.
he drops into the rock ledge and lands on his back.
its headlights go dim and someone steps out.
someone hangs a bell high above someone's head.
smiling, someone turns to his companions then frowns.
someone slides out the maroon drawer and opens it.
inside, someone reaches the top and hurries on to the roof, with his pistol aimed.
at an outside restaurant someone checks messages on his iphone, someone gets up.
a red veneer crumbles away, revealing ancient darker bricks beneath.
her features contort fiercely and she swims through the water.
someone and someone toss handfuls of beads at each other and someone bashes a mannequin.
setting down his drink, someone sits on the couch and faces her.
an assistant feeds a cable out from a news van, as a cameraman paces toward someone, who stands by a grounded balloon.
inside someone's house, someone points through a window at the children on the street as someone pulls up in his cruiser.
our view circles around the room.
someone fires up at someone, who ducks behind the metal railings.
the wide-eyed boys followed his movements.
his hand shakes as he cocks it.
dancing over to the americans, someone kicks someone's gun away.
one local boy in a ball cap tries to copy him.
satellite images appear.
they approach a camp.
someone studies his prisoner, cracking a subtle smile.
the family heads inside.
he glances over his shoulder, clasps his hands, and then taps his own chest.
at smart tech the cute stock girls wheels a box.
she holds her brow.
beer, please.
he watches someone return to the reporters,
now, he arrives in the recovery ward with a tote bag and strides cheerfully to someones curtained off bed.
as the truck follows, it clips the sedan and sends it soaring off the ramp onto the street below.
someone sits lazily in a chair with one leg crooked upward as he somberly does homework.
outside the thorntons mansion, elegant guests attend an engagement party in an immaculately tended back yard.
he hunches low and sneaks onto the farm proper toting a shovel.
she presses her lips into a tight smile and nods slightly.
he beckons someone into the hall and leads him past artwork posted above the lockers.
he is wearing a suit
sunbathers lounge in deck chairs and waiters bustle.
from the stairwell, someone evades the ascending swat team by ducking into a hallway.
someone slips back out the nearest door and strides briskly alongside the building.
diesel uses an exercise.
we find a perfect mirror-like image of the sun-lit clouds, undisturbed on the water's surface.
later, someone gazes at a framed photo of himself and someone dressed as blue na'vi from avatar.
beaming, someone pats someone's back.
he takes a sip, then knocks the whole thing back.
using their hooked canes, the inspectors pull snowy and someone off the road.
later, she comes up the building's stairs, a new coffee pot tucked under her arm.
standing outside an apartment door, one shoots the top and bottom hinges.
she turns, putting her back to it as the frenchman advances.
we fly past skyscrapers.
the intricately carved stone cross stands unharmed in the deserted village center.
nearby graffiti reads, "beware of sleestak."
they share a lingering look and someone glances away.
as he gazes at a wall, portraits of a man and woman come into focus.
now, unchained, the guys leave the madison county office of alternative sentencing and release.
their bodies convulse as bullets tear into them.
thick dust swirls beneath the rising helicopter.
as they remain focused on their movie, someone helps someone lay the blanket over her legs.
someone gestures at someone, and someone's eyes fill with tears as he sees her sitting there.
she wipes tears from her face as someone returns to the first aid table.
someone drives and little someone rides shotgun.
she cuts the restraints tying him to a support beam then helps him up.
someone clasps someone's hand.
someone holds up the drumsticks and faces the crowd.
someone quickly pulls himself into his bunk as his mother rolls over.
agog, someone sweeps his gaze up her stockinged legs to the blond woman's lovely face.
he resumes reading.
comrade first secretary, we must send in our fleet.
someone opens the box revealing a large diamond ring.
everyone's robbing me.
outside fans pack the concert grounds.
they file into the supply room and rummage through the three black trash bags in the center of the floor.
someone snatches it and hands it back to someone.
he closes the door.
as someone skids off her bike, someone's suv grinds on its side into a fuel tank outside the grocery store.
she runs past a huge golden statue by a fountain.
the agent looks away, shifting his anxious gaze.
ken casts an uneasy sideways glance at someone.
he backs away from the window.
inside, someone gazes up at a figure standing at at balcony railing.
someone lifts his brow at someone.
meeting his gaze, she beams joyfully.
someone watches his frustrated stepfather set one page aside and grab another.
now, the maybach coasts slowly along a dirt road, past a graffitied sign, and several dingy dilapidated structures.
meanwhile, someone answers his phone.
someone waits in a fighting stance, his wrists crossed in an x shape.
someone lowers his weapon.
a waiter brings food.
smirking, someone checks his clock.
now pale light shines through venetian blinds, as someone lies in a bed.
someone pushes the body onto its back with his boot.
advancing through a hallway he creeps past a windowed door.
someone stares confusedly.
inside, someone pushes the president forward.
someone stops and turns to face someone.
someone nods and sits down.
features from the photo on the dartboard.
someone offers a hand to help him up.
ipushing one open, she enters an art gallery.
they arrive at the roadblock and a soldier approaches.
the other binds someone's hands behind his back.
she faces someone, her bare feet resting on a stool.
someone spies him through the crack as he picks up the mannequin head.
two geese shuffle away from him.
they huddle in the doorway.
seated facing someone on a bed.
the inspector adjusts his leg brace then glances at someone.
pirates tie sir someone to a mast.
a pedicurist removes the nail polish from her toes.
dozens of surfers around them toss up water.
on a river, they paddle two-person canoes.
behind him, someone reaches a hand toward someone.
from the boat's prow, the tether sets off the same luminescence where it submerges beneath the water.
he glares at someone.
a white mist blasts it, filling the chamber and an image appears on a monitor.
someone slouches then follows.
someone approaches the standing hasidic man.
the man steps into a dingy room where a tall dark haired figure punches a guy sitting in a chair.
someone gives a smarmy wave good-bye.
he shifts his gaze back to someone.
he offers another piece.
they fight on the ship's burning deck.
someone disappears into the next room.
a black luxury car with tinted windows pulls into view and parks at the curb.
someone stands and kisses her on the forehead.
someone takes a flash picture, and now they wear long black and white dresses in complimentary styles.
he brushes off his shoulder and smirks.
someone grabs an article of clothing from a hanger and packs a bag.
the agent stares solemnly.
someone glances over one shoulder, then gazes at a wall map of europe with several small flags pinned to it.
in the audience a young blond girl wears a headband with a flashing pink heart bauble.
he works the puck between his skates.
inside, the smoke grenade lands on the floor, a few feet from someone.
someone performs pop-and-lock dance moves for her.
it pulls into a business plaza where luxury vehicles wait a curb.
still standing in the middle of the street, the stern-faced someone fires her pistol into the windshield of the oncoming cab.
he free-falls toward the city below, then as two small thrusters on his feet flare up, he zooms and spins through the sky.
as he moves through the casino a waitress intercepts him.
she pivots away from the door, her panicked eyes glancing about.
he pinches the dead fly off with his chopsticks.
an armed man in a ski mask arrives, and someone aims.
reaching behind her back,
someone gives the next guy a pleading look, and he lets him cut ahead.
someone creeps closer and shakes his head wrathfully.
he stumbles, then winces and stops walking.
someone searches an abandon building, his gun drawn.
the guy splats against someone's porsche's windscreen and falls in the road.
she gives him an unsure look, then smiles.
two kids enter with a stout someone.
a deputy escorts someone in in shackles.
she tosses them under the gate.
turning on the spot, someone stops, facing the field and stares.
the dragon draws closer.
someone sits beside the bed.
as the instructor grabs him by the wrist, mr.
someone's easygoing smile fades.
she spots someone staring at the door and heads over.
the students look over their shoulders.
as she pats his chest.
with a smile, he holds out a plate of cake.
someone's mother pulls someone close and they step over to a waiting area.
and enters a tunnel perpendicular to their path.
he picks someone up.
magical smoke envelops his feet and rises up his entire body,
as she leaves someone grins at someone.
someone turns around and widens his eyes.
a couple canoodling on a brown stone stairway.
a golf club touches down beside it as someone prepares to hit the ball out of the rough.
parents killed in car accident, december 24th, 1988.
a fiery blast rips through the walls, sending a shopping cart across the lot.
smiling, he crouches beside a body of water.
she beckons teens past a sign that reads, "calvary chapel."
as she does so, his leg comes apart at the knee.
someone takes off the key from around her neck
posed in deep backbends, they flick their toes over their heads.
they tap wine glasses and drink.
someone wakes and looks up at the visitor.
someone walks downstairs into the basement, punches in the security code, and enters someone's lab.
now, a tailor unzips a garment bag and shows someone a black leather jacket.
as a full moon glows in the sky, the four men sit in collapsible chairs around a campfire.
someone grins and follows someone outside into an alley.
his jaw tensely clenched.
someone leaps using the back of a chair as support.
virgil glides over to someone who turns, peering out at someone from the monitor.
reader and yates exchange a glance.
facing the lab, he stretches his arms wide.
someone tosses the gun aside and smiles briefly as the creature pauses.
he grins widely at someone.
firing their guns, the air force drones trail someone around expo buildings as they zip through the sky.
now atop the hay bale, someone discovers the medal for resolve pinned to her overalls.
someone raises her head and stares at the birth notice sticking out of her purse on the floor.
someone drops to his knees and spins, sweeping someone's legs out from under him.
outside, he shuffles across the street and vomits, catching the attention of two bystanders.
a jumbo screen on the digital scoreboard shows a celebrity cam image of the two stars.
uniformed costco employees approach people seated at scattered tables.
he hits someone's chest.
the performance screen shows puppets of the goddess and her lover holding hands.
someone eyes someone icily as she walks out.
now someone lies still beneath the canvas shelter.
as he sits beside her on the couch, someone turns off the tv.
her mother holds her in a gentle embrace.
little red and blue lights twinkle on their handlebars.
and unlatches it.
inside, someone rests her arm against a window and stares out at the passing city.
someone sees him.
someone eyes someone, who holds an arm around someone.
he pulls a flare gun from his survival pack and checks the chamber.
later, they have sex.
someone clutches someone's hand between his.
a swarm of zombies chase after him.
from underwater, we gaze up at the seasoned surfer.
two nypd cruisers arrive on the scene.
as he guides her off stage, someone gives her a hug.
while another group gives chase in the sedan.
fog parts, revealing a barren valley dotted with low hills.
someone turns someone' hand palm up and pries his fingers from someone's pocket watch.
someone gives a crooked smile and pumps his fist.
later, a soldier opens a mailbag and searches its contents.
a chair obscures someone from his view.
milky white mush falls into his open mouth.
someone meets his gaze then shoves a shirt in a bag.
as someone tosses bills to patrons and employees, the thugs try to grab the cash from their hands.
of drawings on a bedside table and picks them up.
he runs toward his truck and yells.
she stares meaningfully at him.
he turns around and switches on another light.
someone's bearded husband sits nearby,
another man wraps someone in a bear hug, but someone shoves him away.
straddling the chair, she peers down at his face.
someone and someone join their parents.
studying the highlighted urban scene, someone brighten
the teens nervously edge back as the janitors bodies join into one, their necks stretching and coiling upward to create a five-headed someone like beast.
someone rises to his feet.
someone crouches over someone.
the terrier jumps up and down in front of someone.
someone and someone pose in front of a glass building as a photographer takes their picture inside a set of a smoking cave.
he runs around it.
as she eyes him seductively, someone returns an uneasy stare.
he tosses someone the ball.
now, we travel up the bed quilt to someone's hands
grandma watches her eyes wide and round behind her glasses.
he shoots the basketball from the bike and it goes through the basket.
as she hits a button, light shines on her face.
he gets up and goes in the living room.
the rider stops facing someone.
holds the socks to his face.
now she sauts mushrooms.
someone plunges into the water along with the boxes of biscuits and cans of water.
a couple kisses in the shadows.
she presses it to someone's shoulder.
later, a balding mustached man and several police officers follow someone through a dark corridor.
as the emts set someone on a bed, the nurse shuts the door.
later in economics, professor someone watches his students from his desk.
later he lets her in.
later someone holds the photo in his hands and stares at it, as he leans against the base of the bodhi tree.
pulling away, he gives his friend an expectant look.
someone picks up a newspaper.
someone steps past someone and glares at someone.
above, clouds drift across a violet sky.
the platform ascends, raising her to the stage.
someone soars over and hits the back of someone's helmet, freeing someone.
someone opens a janitorial closet and removes a bottle from a cabinet.
turning away from someone, someone grabs her in a sisterly embrace.
someone rolls his tongue, and looks briefly at someone and someone.
someone pulls off the sheet,
the clerk imitates him.
far below stone dwellings cover a hillside.
now in a hotel corridor, someone walks past a maid and knocks on a door.
as someone enters the cabin, several more riders approach.
he gives a wide grin.
later, they check out.
someone's light falls on someone's body, her eyes staring lifelessly.
they stand close together.
he bashes his face.
as someone glances back, his father-in-law steps into some shadows.
she pulls open the doors of the 21 club in manhattan.
someone starts over.
someone's antenna twitch as he stares at someone's left arm.
now, the young hopeful from iowa sees the pink-haired waitress snubbing a customer.
he hangs up with a frustrated look.
in gettysburg, someone strides to the open flap of his tent where someone stands post.
someone uses his radio.
two men unwrap an alien body part.
barton sees the rugged man behind him.
someone morphs into her true form as she catches it.
someone comes in and greets the men with a crisp smile.
he puts the cross in a jar.
he strides determinedly to someone's door and raises his fist.
the aging tiger wearily meets his gaze.
as her father takes a seat opposite her,
someone slips the letter from the envelope as she follows someone into the apartment.
someone exits a train with his bags and reacts to the cold.
someone crosses to the desk and looks at the page.
someone picks up an assault rifle and puts the strap over his head.
someone peers off, stunned.
he dismisses someone with a friendly smile.
finding a black suede envelope, he unfastens its string and button closure and removes a manilla envelope from inside it.
she strolls down towards him.
he gently picks it up and sets it in the palm of his hand.
shaking his head skeptically, someone twists the cap off the tube.
someone leans out of the train, clinging to the side.
the americans walk past a limping woman.
in the guest room someone sulks listening to his ipod.
one reads, "garbage.
he disappears.
he slides a plate toward her.
outside another destroyed factory, a hydra guard aims a gun at someone but someone shoots the guard first.
and whacks him with the broom.
someone removes his overcoat.
avoiding his gaze she leans forward and has a drink.
the foes reconverge in a wrestling grasp on the hood.
he wakes and rushes out, holding his crotch.
someone storms into the next room and stares at a lit fire place.
the fish grows still and its vibrant colors fade to dull, mottled shades of grey.
he kisses the top of her head, then leaves.
someone absently meets her laotong's loving gaze, then leans back.
avoiding eye contact, someone nods tensely.
someone rushes downstairs.
kneeling at a clean urn, someone sprays it with a gaseous substance from a small canister.
she sets down her knife, wipes her hands, then answers the door.
someone unknots his tie with a breezy smirk and shrugs his head.
his eyes take in someone as he walks back to her.
someone pops up and punches one guard as someone watches through binoculars.
the chief studies him quizzically then uses his radio.
the longhaired blonde downs a hefty shot.
smiling, someone climbs a ladder toward someone.
someone opens a door in the bricks and slides out someone's ancient spell book.
a woman gets out of the red car.
crisscrossed bandages around someone's ankles hold her bindings tight.
someone turns and walks back to her copying.
someone's camera view flares brightly.
then stands and plods bare bottomed across the room.
kneeling underwater, someone holds up a single finger.
then she returns her eyes to the stage where the dancers shake their hips.
she peruses wigs.
he peeks into the corridor, as a nurse walks by the reception desk.
on the patio the table remains set with the flowers, dinnerware, and a bottle of wine.
as someone falls asleep,
the boy trots past twinkling lights and hurries up to a terrace.
now, a young woman carries a box across the well-kept lawn of the spanish-style home and drops it in the trunk of a hatchback.
she sips her champagne and leans against the back of a chair.
someone eats a string cheese.
someone glances down, then looks hesitantly at someone.
he starts to get a tray, then pauses.
later, someone carries dolce as she walks through town.
someone's hand shoots up.
later still, someone steps toward someone, but then holds back as she joins her sister for a wedding photo.
they see the elephant leaving.
she covers his mouth with her hand and shakes her head.
nearby a man holds up a boom box while another starts break dancing.
he stands and offers her the small bouquet.
someone watches as someone gets out and peers up at the forming ship.
the timer counts down to zero.
a hovering view from the middle of the bridge draws back from the scene.
someone smiles as he spins and smashes the giant with someone, sending the giant flying backward.
on a deserted farm, the men activate the ball.
they leave the testing room.
someone's head shifts, and his hazy vision finds a nurse at his bedside.
she retreats as someone appears in the door crack and heads in her direction.
someone looks behind him, facing someone.
the tempestuous waters swirl over someone as he makes his way back to the surface.
he throws down the newspaper.
she touches the screen.
her father prepares a meal.
leaving someone with a puzzled look.
at another time, he bounces his basketball as he walks the ships corridors.
the flung open door whacks him.
now at night, a lake reflects city lights.
someone gives a downward twitch of her lip.
someone watches his stepfather do paperwork.
he hobbles toward the rival teacher with a mocking limp.
someone waves to sister, then trades a nod with someone.
someone pieces together various weapons parts at a table, then leads someone through another chamber.
she grabs a nearby rifle and heads after the vampire.
lady someone nervously covers her mouth.
they swing back and forth, picking up momentum.
the teen girl enters the room holding someone in a solemn gaze.
as they read, two guys barged.
he nervously makes his way past the barrel of the gun and walks out.
someone summons a breath and eyes him uneasily.
the left side of someone's face becomes withered and wrinkled,
later, we circle a medieval castle.
as thick smoke clears, someone gazes around himself at the inhospitable terrain.
she eats some with her hands as she crosses to a complex media console
he wipes his mouth.
she sets down two oblong boxes and goes.
someone slings the money filled backpack over his shoulder and leaves.
someone leans against the door jam and hangs his head.
he bounces smoothly, leaning back.
someone swats it from his grasp.
on the arena stage, the marine drones' thrusters fire as the drones fly straight up.
standing in the wings, someone watches someone perform.
someone hangs her head, then lifts her tearful gaze.
someone pauses cautiously.
he gazes down at the child in his lap, then eyes the navigation screen.
she gives him a check.
a half dozen cars sit in a macy's parking lot.
his gun aimed at someone's head.
as someone and someone head to the suv, it pulls away then stops.
now someone and someone sit in.. wheelchair.
the son of poseidon holds the water at bay on either side of himself.
seated beside her, someone contentedly bops her shoulders to the music.
shampoos the wolf's coat.
he now takes a brush to his canvas and starts his painting.
someone lies on her back, staring meekly at two riflemen over her.
words appear, september 25th, 1933.
he leans forward making note of someone's orientation on the sidewalk.
she glances away with a faint smile.
smiling, someone takes the bag and opens it.
glancing over his shoulder, he spots an onlooker across the rooftop.
someone sits with his head down, ignoring the pole dancers in the dimly lit strip club.
someone's father follows.
someone stumbles to a touchscreen control panel and works it with shaking hands.
someone winces as someone mangles the bird.
one of the police cars crashes into a minivan.
officers carry boxes.
bradford stands and moves aside as someone begins applying someone's makeup.
someone kicks someone ping's leg out from under him.
someone beckons the backup dancers and they join her downstage.
now in an apartment, a hand drops a rabbit's foot key chain by a tabletop sculpture of two racing greyhounds.
master someone happily shakes a fist.
she points to his brow then hits a button on the elevator's control panel.
she checks her profile and gives a dissatisfied someone.
someone leans sweating and bloody in the corner of the backseat.
she heads down a hall.
someone releases the clerk, who grabs a phone.
he glances at someone with wide eyes, then looks down at his body clock
at the arrival of two timekeeper cruisers, a few drop their empty capsules and stroll off with affected nonchalance.
she slides his coat off then steadies him as he staggers to the bed.
he rushes out.
she briskly soaps up her flawless skin and shifts her weary gaze.
someone removes his mouthpiece.
lowering his gun, he checks his own clock, which counts down from five seconds.
someone opens a large suitcase on the floor and they hurriedly fill it with time capsules from the surrounding shelves.
a volt of electricity hits the gun-wielding mercenary dead-on, exploding him and takes off
someone taps away at his typewriter.
someone draws himself up and leaves the room.
the man points to the photo.
twin lights flare below them.
a door opens across the room.
on his way out, roger lifts her up and pins her against the wall in an impassioned kiss.
someone windmills a leg, then seizes a bracelet off of jesse.
someone blows out the final candle.
someone and someone remove his jacket.
someone claps her hands over her ears
she tears out a sheet.
the fat man falls, revealing an alien.
a sign reads, straight someone's man slammin' maxout.
someone moves to his side.
someone gazes up at the creature.
on the ship, someone runs along the deck, then dives from the edge.
someone briefly hangs his head then takes a deep breath.
wearing a headset microphone someone strums an acoustic guitar.
an eagle flies out and perches beside another eagle.
from the nose, outer panels part giving view through the glass windows to a pale gray planet floating amidst a sea of stars.
she smiles at the loving group.
at home, someone sleeps with his face resting on his cluttered desk.
wheeling around, someone finds him with his arms spread open to her.
someone leans his face close to someone's.
taking deep breaths, someone marches off.
someone stares at his mustached father, who nods and smiles.
someone and someone hurry over, pretending to be ghostbusters.
she gets up.
a cigarette smolders between a bodyguard's fingers as he turns and lifts his chin.
craning his neck, the boy watches someone's parents proudly greet her.
he jogs away.
at school, someone notices someone's tense demeanor.
as someone rides it up the street, blond skateboards a short distance behind him.
the bundled letters hovers safely over the flames.
standing behind her, he wraps the towel around her neck and starts to choke her.
our vantage rises like a helium balloon, but stays trained on the two young men.
in the office, someone sits at a desk.
someone kicks out another support beam.
later, someone and naples sit on a couch playing with toys.
in the basement apartment, someone's oldest son sits against a wall with his arms folded.
as they move into a broadway style dance number, young people approach from all over the crowd.
backstage a blond dancer walks through the dressing room.
someone eyes a wall-sized digital map which displays the world's time zones.
someone looks at her smooth, shiny, dark hair with gentle curls.
broken blood vessels redden the rims of his irises.
someone taps a bell above the doorway with his sawed off shotgun.
someone sniffs a bottle of glue.
as he slides off his coat, a lamp shines its light on him.
armed with a pistol in each hand, he steps into the courtyard.
one drone fires a missile at someone, who dodges it.
he glances to the side.
someone hurries back into his car and he follows.
as he opens the door, someone lies down and mimes a yawn.
water drips from her pendant then streams down her nose, lips, and chin.
he takes out his pistol and points it in the air.
in expectations, they're talking together, ignoring everyone else.
someone lowers her mascara brush as she sees him.
someone glares coldly at him through the cage.
holloway sweeps the light over the walls.
the breathing apparatus built into it covers his mouth and nose.
many others linger on the spot staring at the authorities.
various readings border the image along with the user's name, someone.
as he peruses the report, someone watches him coldly.
someone continues.
as the head slides from the chamber, someone arrives.
a serviceman holds a newspaper, v-day it's over in europe.
two men in all black drag someone's body from the shallow stream of water in the otherwise dried up canal.
he tosses blond the keys.
someone lowers her gaze, and sucks in a breath, then waves a hand helplessly.
as she clears out, the two battered man wilt.
later, someone sits with her as she pretends to shoot green toy soldiers with tan ones.
her features lost in shadows, someone looks toward him.
she accepts an envelope stuffed with large bills.
it bears a wax seal.
nestor shuts the front door on someone.
someone seizes it.
someone jogs into view, carrying a surfboard.
someone watches her reflection in his smartphone.
someone watches as he exits the vault with the capsule and shakes his head.
his father leaves someone who sits up, wincing.
someone tosses away the rest of her hors d'oeuvre
as someone stares at it, someone remorsefully hangs her head.
the bird moves to the floor in front of her.
his kids watch as he hurries out the door.
from the lookout, someone watches him intently.
someone raises his eyebrows.
stretching, he finds someone sleeping on the bed cradling their son in her arms.
each man faces his mirror with a pensive gaze.
a gauge goes up.
he finds someone hunched over the fallen sorcerer.
our view spins, then descends to a sunny day in a lush valley.
now someone nimbly twirls the ax.
the mothership rises.
amid the chaos of the stampede, the horse rises with someone on its back.
she closes her eyes as he kisses her.
the kitchen stands in shambles, the cabinets heavily battered and torn from their hinges.
smoke rises from the fire between them as someone rises.
then leans forward heavily.
he throws two pieces in the air.
the nerd wipes his own tears and stands.
driving up a one-lane road made visible by two tire tracks in the snow,
someone spits out the strawberry.
hitting the backboard, it drops onto the basket's rim then bounces away from the net.
at the boarding gate, someone checks with a ticket agent then joins someone at the sun lit window.
with her eyes shut she waves her hands through the suds.
and he struggles in vain to free himself.
a fiery explosion erupts, rising over 50 feet high.
someone strides past and takes a screwdriver to a water fountain.
as he places the tray on a table, someone sits.
a stiff wind flutters the awnings of a storefront.
mama leads her to the kitchen table then returns to the stove.
she angrily shoves the bully, who stalks off.
now a maid leads them into a sitting room.
someone touches his palm to its top and a light glowing within dims.
underwater, we view his slowly paddling legs.
the three siblings stare.
the car faces someone's childhood cottage.
now in their apartment, someone irritably grinds coffee.
she dreamily closes her eyes.
she pokes his shoulder with one finger.
in case you shit the bed.
the high ranking iraqi lets go and nods to his gunman who rifle butts someone in the face.
a younger someone faces a brunette teen.
someone flips open his butterfly knife and approaches someone.
he drops the cables through the ceiling, down to the lab floor.
and kisses someone passionately.
in the hall, someone clutches his hand while talking.
as she takes a seat on a bench beside the lantern, she points someone to a bench opposite.
it quickly gathers size and strength.
now, people crowd a sunny market.
someone walks up beside someone as the watch someone paddle out, one foot in the air.
a guard follows, closes a prison door, and locks it.
the cannon truck swerves before it, the shooter firing relentlessly.
she talks manically in a meeting.
she takes a drag on her cigarette and looks down at the table.
someone touches his temple.
with a smarmy smile, someone wags a finger.
at the music academy for the arts, someone beams proudly as a window shows someone rehearsing a piece on the violin.
he's hoisted shoulder high by his dancing friends.
someone uses his crutches as he, someone and someone exit at the side of the road.
holding hands, they jog toward the image of earth in the vortex.
behind him, someone shoves his way past the flood of dayton residents.
in the attic, someone inserts the repaired mechanism into the automaton's chest cavity and locks it into place.
the referee pulls someone ping aside, and someone's pounding fist hits the mat.
our view rises up someone's slender body
he removes the burning disc, then looks up.
an aerial view glides over rows of houses, boats in a marina, and a freeway interchange.
they rush on to the yard.
someone's friend looks away.
as he gallops toward his four foes.
in hedestad a volvo stops beside someone as he trudges up a hill.
someone sighs remorsefully.
she holds up a morsel on her fork, then pops it into her mouth.
she smiles tenderly at him.
someone smiles at someone and squeezes his arm.
clear plastic sheeting covers bare shelves.
wide-eyed, someone stares down as explosions light the night sky, revealing an open parachute.
more tanks drive down the street and fire their guns.
someone takes someone's gloved hand and they run off down the basin.
on the couch someone shakes her head at the screen.
he returns to the others.
someone comes out of hiding and faces her squarely standing about ten yards away.
he walks a few paces away, then halts and hunches forward, catching his breath.
someone takes a rifle from over his shoulder and advances a few steps with the gun leveled at her.
now a shirtless someone carries someone over to the bed, and they flop onto it.
then hangs up the phone.
he grabs noodles by the vest and drags him out of harms way.
the camera finds someone standing across the hall.
standing beneath the wing of a huge airplane, he addresses a small group of masked pilots.
someone uses the peephole.
he points at sister.
a red laser point appears on someone's chest.
he starts off, then backtracks.
he wears a leather vest and pants, and a black shirt with stylishly tattered sleeves.
she greets someone with a sunny smile.
as someone and his allies approach the citadel's entrance, a frost giant watches from behind a shadowed boulder.
holding a check in one hand
the bald thug brings out a bag of weapons.
the teacher unloops one hand from a handle and wipes at his face again, then grips the poles and crouches low.
someone hits the floor and someone covers him, securing them both to the metal hull as the jet rolls upside-down.
he kisses her forehead three times then hugs her again.
someone records him.
someone twists his mouth.
someone gazes at it through a hotel window.
and shines down on a lush mountain ridge.
he holds glasses over someone's eyes.
an array of colorful exotic birds perch around a pond.
looking out a side door, someone sees the guns engaging.
her resigned eyes remain averted as she places her hand in his.
now at the nightclub, they swap a look.
someone pulls a tie back off a curtain and hands it to someone.
the cylinder pops open.
it bounces off the rim.
as a bouncer moves aside, someone faces his partner.
someone takes someone's other hand and the women lead him to a sofa.
it has to be, keep looking.
the fallen iraqi bleeds out on the floor.
someone's wife glances at her husband who raises his brow.
halfway down, a timekeeper intercepts him.
he grabs her bag.
in a dark bedroom, a cellphone lights up on a night stand.
someone shrugs his brows.
a man stands behind a bus.
someone steps back and watches the suv burn.
bending down, he injects himself near the ankle and presses down on the plunger.
someone cautiously scans her surroundings as she backs away, then faces a door labeled electrical room.
on a college campus, a mailman takes a few letters from his satchel and places them into one of many po boxes.
he regains his footing and climbs up the corner of the building.
back in the 50s, someone sits on a couch with her feet up.
someone leaves the room with the papers.
the armored truck parks beside the charred sedans,
he places the three pieces of parchment together and holds them up to the light.
he watches sadly as she gets into her father's luxury sedan.
holding someone and someone in a disapproving glare he points at them accusingly.
dozens listen intently at the bar, at the church, and aunt someone's.
the wolf crosses to a nearby fence, averting his gaze.
creeping around a knoll, we find them descending a winding path
they all stand and clap as the pair enter.
special skills: close quarter combat, applied explosive techniques.
outside in his car, someone smokes a joint and listens to the radio with his eyes closed as military vehicles drive past.
someone watches glumly as someone chats to two guys.
he wraps his leg around someone's knee.
her smile grows and she brings her lips to his again.
the general turns and finds the thin soldier spitting up blood beside him.
now in a bathroom stall, someone unravels toilet paper.
onstage, the dancers pump their chests.
she watches them kiss.
he tumbles outside then hurries away.
she looks at him.
someone intercepts his arm and slams him
in the car lot, car headlights flashed.
hood lowered, he wears his mask and shades.
someone turns and both women stare out at the glittering metropolis.
she gives him a nod, then strides toward the guard, swoons, and falls on her back.
he stows the cash in his bag and leaves.
now sitting outside on the porch, someone places a strip of bacon on the bug zapper.
the agent fights back, wrapping a payphone cord around his neck.
he leans in cautiously.
someone glances between them as the attendant reaches for the handle.
scotch tape holds snapshots to a window and keys hang on a dirty pegboard.
surrounded by bare twisted trees, they stop.
he drives out of a gravel truck and onto the tops of civilian cars.
someone bends down and wraps his arms around someone's waist.
the mayor furrows his brow.
at the police station someone enters an evidence locker while someone keeps lookout.
he produces a bow and arrow.
kneeling on the road near the bus someone pulls the locket necklace from someone's jacket pocket.
the killer electrocutes a man taking a bath.
before the door closes completely, they all slide underneath and into the parking lot.
as she leaves, someone eyes the sample box of sustengo.
bearing the man's photo and a panel of chinese writing.
he follows her down a hall and into a dark room.
her mouth engulfs it.
his back to the lion, the scotsman reassembles the lock.
it shows 127 voice messages.
someone flies over the side of the ship and into the harbor.
she tips off balance but catches herself before landing on top of someone.
as the engineer sits up, several tubes detach from his oxygen mask.
reaching into the loose sleeve of her robe, someone withdraws a folded paper fan and holds it out to her friend.
with prodi-g's swagger, someone takes the stage with a mic.
on board, a female police officer turns.
they walk into someone's dark apartment.
someone points to his ring finger.
she sips water from a clear plastic cup and thrusts back her head as she swallows.
someone gets out on his own
someone stuffs documents into a case.
she steps out of the kitchen.
she enters and climbs a stairwell that wraps an old-fashioned wrought iron elevator shaft.
eyeing someone's photo, the ex-cia agent rubs his chest.
they bend over, paddling both hands through the water at the same time.
someone frowns at the flask, then takes a drink.
then glances around and scoots off the bed.
someone beams at him, someones grin wilts and he clenches his jaw.
a blue and green holographic sphere rises before the pilot.
moving to the driver's door, someone pulls on the locked handle.
he raises the jug.
someone resolutely holds
the lion while someone sweeps the sidewalk behind them.
a cannon fires.
someone opens his eyes and grins.
she frowns at a box left on a table by a window.
he digs in the plants pot, finds the key.
she stands and steps away shakily wiping her gloves on her pants.
they lock gazes then watch someone enter the depository.
store clerk tosses trash out of the way.
capsizes, spilling armored men into the slope leading down to the beach.
then raises his hand.
chain swings from someone's pocket as he pulls his bag over his shoulder.
as he swings at one, it vanishes.
someone drops his notebook and quickly stands.
now in the lobby, someone faces a guard.
as he paces, wind buffets his 60s style floral dress.
she rises from the window.
the pictures pulses in and out of view, offering us fleeting glimpses of the establishment's trendy young patrons.
nonplussed in the stark sunlight.
someone frowns and glances back at fairy godmother's office.
someone gauges her mother's response.
smoke clears to reveal a vast army of armored warriors wearing capes and holding spears.
at a church, a large, framed picture of someone stands surrounded by flowers, as a coffin is carried out.
still clutching the folded fan,
he gives the recruits a dry look.
her lips creep into a faint smile, and he kisses her brow again.
the boy peddles with his mother.
they join the throng of guests for a slow dance, smiling happily at one another.
someone knits his brow.
later, she hoists herself onto a tiny pony.
she whacks him with her purse and he grabs her.
he faces her.
someone takes in several big bites, filling his mouth.
he opens the front passenger door and hands his duffel bag to someone who passes it someone.
someone tackles him to the ground, sending envelopes flying into the air.
a group of female sailors push a bullet-shaped capsule into a giant cannon.
later, a volunteer passes by carrying a box of soccer balls.
inside, a waitress approaches their booth.
someone reloads and takes aim at a third.
greta averts her tearful gaze.
the referee checks campbell and waves frantically at the officials.
where a pristine replica of the long, multi columned parthenon stands.
standing on a fringed pedestal surrounded by dancers, she coils the strand around her wrist.
at the end of the stack, she finds a photo of the boy kissing his sister.
the interrogator glares down at her and tensely wipes his mouth.
two pepper haired farm hands meet her.
as someone walks downstairs, someone steps up with the baby.
it lands in the middle of the lot, filling our view as it spins to a halt.
brow creased, someone stares down at her weakened sister.
at the bottom, the lean man opens a door and peeks outside into a motionless alley.
the three vehicles round another bend, now one right behind the other.
gritting his teeth, he forces it down.
towering over him, she smiles as they
someone winces and falls to the floor.
someone uses a cb radio.
outside, a line of cars pulls into someone's circular driveway.
indoors, it focuses on someone on a couch.
someone stands and holds her chair as she gets up, then guides her through the restaurant with a hand at her back.
she peers at the screen.
someone helps with her luggage.
with weary, dogged motions, he scoops out one bucketful after another.
later, he signs an autograph for a boy backstage, then pauses as a blonde woman steps up to him.
he boards the elevator, presses a button, and snaps open the check from teresa.
as she wheels it out of view someone follows.
she remains curled up on her belly.
grasping the blade firmly, sir someone cuts through his ropes.
followed by an outpouring of smoke and someone.
he sits on his cot.
he reaches into his jacket pocket and takes out his pistol.
someone frowns and looks contrite.
drawing near, someone takes cover and fires at them.
his teeth clink together as he fixates on the red stop light.
he sinks down behind the system and peeks out.
he opens his magazine and gives it a shake.
someone grimaces as someone extracts the bullet, which rolls into his palm.
in the driver's seat, a handsome man in a black jacket and a boutonniere made of barley sprigs beams at his bride, someone.
the mother picks up a photo album lying on the table.
as he reaches for her she rolls onto the inclined metal barrier between the ascending and descending escalators.
she notices a coin collection.
someone rides up on a platform to face her cheering audience.
one shows a polynesian woman, the other a bearded caucasian man.
the teacher smiles at the boy, who happily takes in the stunning terrain.
he withdraws under the cement slab.
the destroyer plummets from the sky and smashes onto the street below.
he cheerfully greets the people he meets, even kissing one woman's hand.
as someone rocks herself, her arms folded, someone gazes remorsefully after his friend.
back by the transport, the mercenary aims his gun at someone's head.
vivian smiles in his doorway drying her hands on a towel.
behind them, the plastic bag ruffles as a lobster crawls around.
still restraints someone.
four men carry a red palanquin litter along the sidewalk.
someone aims the laptop at someone, then grabs his robe.
peering inside, he tries another and reaches for his shoulder radio.
hesitating, he enters the bedroom and steps around a corner.
as someone faintly smiles, the stairwell door opens.
he shuffles toward the door, gripping a sword
shaking water out of his pressed back ears, someone turns toward him.
someone grabs a bottle from a table in the middle of a rotunda.
roz peeks inside and finds him sitting pensively.
later, he enters the hospital through sliding glass doors.
someone opens a beer, and takes a swig.
someone nods equivocating.
someone's in the kitchen, smashing plates on a counter.
someone stares stoically, her snaggletooth pressing into her lower lip.
someone turns away from the underbrush and goes deeper into the field.
he gazes at food on a nearby table then sits facing her.
his brow knits and he takes off after someone.
they halt near the front desk.
he picks up a reed-like flute and plays.
now someone reads a chapter titled, mama's boys.
he flips open a laptop and punches a few keys.
now outside, he sits on a table and she stands between his knees in an embrace.
he peers round behind him.
walking off, he glances back toward someone's door.
someone watches two dancers.
someone looks away, shifting her wary gaze then frowns at him again.
someone ducks behind the toyshop counter until they pass.
after a moment, a small smile forms on someone's lips, and she nods slightly to herself.
as someone sleeps in bed, a clock on the nightstand reads 1:30.
later, at the head of a fresh grave, a simple wooden cross stands marked with a j.
nearby, the brown-haired flower seller smiles as she pushes her cart through the station.
someone removes his helmet.
the purse stirs in the current, on the someone strewn ocean floor.
another older man offers him the same greeting.
wandering in, someone beams excitedly.
he looks up.
someone looks on sympathetically as his sister faces someone.
he rubs his eyes.
she flings someone into a wall.
he gives a serious look.
he quickly dives off the tracks.
someone combs his golden hair to match peter o'toole's style.
he directs his team as they race away from a hut.
they jump up and down, a hatch lowers.
later, someone and the other boys walk through an arched gateway onto a narrow street.
someone's gloved hand twist the tube.
someone signals the someone.
later at the apartment, someone waits in the living room area and anxiously rubs his head.
he points to the young woman then the girl.
someone rides in back, holding on to a pole.
someone flips through another binder stopping at the typed heading.
someone falls off a small cliff and lands on his back in the stream below.
someone takes the shoe and drops it on the desk.
he takes her list of codes.
the young actor stares blankly.
sister faces someone.
the guide stops a few doors down.
he faces his father.
on the opposite page, an illustration shows light from an oncoming train shining brightly from a round tunnel.
she marches up and down the bar.
stepping past an ambulance, he looks around.
someone takes aim at them.
the mohawked man readies orbs.
sara follows someone to the dressing room.
the two females leave together.
another sign mounted below the window displays the coca cola logo.
as the vampire bares his sharp fangs, someone falls to his back.
indoors, someone clowns, wearing french fries like fangs.
someone places one hand on his heart
she finds three baby books.
next day, someone walks up the stairs in the courthouse.
someone and someone grimly face forward.
we draw back to take in a wide stretch of the shoreline and the misty mountain peaks beyond.
stopping short, he intercepts the puck.
as someone comes to, a busted hydrant spouts water.
someone pins him down as the rest of the guys run over.
someone rips open someone's shirt, revealing his mic.
someone retreats up the stairs, still firing his shotgun.
the group hurries down a hall.
they'll never find it.
backstage, someone, someone, and the other dancers crowd around.
she averts her eyes as he watches her.
from someone's vision, lies prone.
we glimpse a fenced-in camp.
she leads the way.
someone hangs by his seat belt as the other boys stand.
someone wears a confounded gaze.
a nearby sign shows a chinese character.
someone holds out the cash.
as someone chases him, someone steps into the street before a delivery car.
the narrator rises.
he frowns at king someone who dismisses him.
his tattooed arms wrap around her
someone hauls a bucket through the muddy work yard.
he oils a gear then stares down at the crowd below.
as someone turns away with his head bowed, someone looks to the big screen.
someone stands and kisses someone's forehead.
the giant horned beast charges in their direction.
with a quick wave of his hand, someone sends the spear straight through someone's back.
he collects the bottles of liquor and the decanter, and turns on the stereo.
inside the bus, someone fires at the creature as it approaches.
the man stopped next to him lowers his window.
later, he shovels snow from his terrace into his apartment.
someone pulls a fire alarm.
she stuffs the lobster in, then grabs another.
the bridge shatters in a huge explosion that deforms the sea and creates a massive wave.
at night, students file into an auditorium.
he tosses it aside to expose someone who now has straight shoulder-length platinum hair and ashen skin.
then quickly moves on to the second.
someone sprints across the room and protectively tackles someone.
then sinks into the ocean.
someone crumples it up.
a guy in a white tuxedo fires a barrage from a sub machine gun.
the next day a seemingly endless expanse of choppy waves roll beneath a low ceiling of storm clouds.
a smile just dawns on her face and she turns away.
as the boat and raft float of gently rolling waves, the clouds gradually blot out the moonlight leaving the boy and tiger in darkness.
curtains separate it from a sitting area in front of a fireplace where someone tosses bedding to the floor and eyes the archer haughtily.
moments later, someone walks into someone's house and approaches pepper.
pressed against the wall, someone looks at someone, who grins, baring only his top teeth.
master someone shifts on his feet as he watches grimly.
the biker knocks him over and runs off.
as someone looks on, his jubilant smile fades.
someone rises and stands over his brother.
he puts it on as he strides toward the stairs.
his stunned lips part as he gives a pained
he pauses to check his look in a shop window.
someone puts an arm around his shoulder and looks at the painting with an appreciative scowl.
he sips from his flask as lightning flashes in the stormy sky.
just past him, she spots his gun on the nightstand.
someone turns to an old man.
her stunned friends stare.
someone smirks back.
someone reaches the cruiser and jumps inside.
as someone walks away, someone gazes downward.
someone grabs the possessed man's shoulder and they sit down.
opening up, he finds someone outside.
white haired someone jensen approaches her.
the car's single working headlight flares brightly into the courtyard,
someone leads the group down a trail lined with tall bushes.
in bed, someone lies on her back.
someone docks another bee.
someone hunches her shoulders and looks away.
the tiger emerges from his shelter.
he wears a decorated hoodies.
the boy downs it, then hands back the empty glass.
as someone swings, someone stands on a platform.
someone walks toward the back of the secret chamber to a statue of a man holding a small cross.
he waves to the last departing car as he watches it drive off.
now sitting in the lab, someone taps a syringe,
someone hides two chocolates from a box behind his back.
catching his breath, someone lowers his pistol.
he glances back at the departing train then heads off.
undressing her he spots a dog tattoo.
someone turns a page.
a cart sits loaded with straw beehives.
a guy in the meeting has fallen asleep in front of his computer.
directed by someone story
the someone character's carrying a balloon.
someone watches soberly.
then shifts his proud gaze to his son.
a pair of heavy troopers with arm-mounted flamethrowers arrive and enclosed someone in walls of fire.
in the fbi office, a message appears on agent someone's computer, "alert, database, new element."
the young mutants see a cyclone pass by the transmitter.
he paces in the hall.
he notices a door sliding open and throws another handful.
in a utility closet, sister smooth's down her dress and looks at her battered reflection in a metal paper towel dispenser.
the truck veers into the path of an oncoming big rig.
someone reluctantly takes another swig.
coming home, he sees someone crouched by his front window.
the scientist takes a flip-top lighter from his pocket and eyes the inscription: big cat.
the rich man wakes and turn toward his rescuer.
as someone storms toward the house someone points to her chest and mouths, "was it me?"
a dozen children blow out the candles.
it's now empty plastic smeared with cream.
as his men surround the car, someone leans over someone.
someone holds up someone's arm like a boxing champion as they push through the crowd toward a refreshment table.
coats flap in the breeze.
someone slams her upper body against the mattress.
the frustrated teacher eyes someone's awkward moves.
as he moves her hand against the front of his pants,
he eats another chip with guacamole, points approvingly and sips a margarita.
come on.
in the courtyard, someone whirls a staff.
one hand in his pocket and the other holding a bottle of beer.
climbs up on the rim of the tub and lifts a ceiling tile.
someone lifts a foot.
someone steps out, wrapping herself in a sweater.
someone and someone fall to the structure under the track then hurry along its beams.
someone rests his leg on the toilet.
now he slams his hand against a shabby building's door.
the ship nears completion as cubes rise from different trucks throughout town.
his face seizes.
as the crowd rises, someone winks at someone.
dropping his eyes to the ground, he crouches and plants one hand in the mud.
as the danger passes, someone stands and takes up the long poled oar.
she fills half a plastic cup, drinks it down.
someone plays the piano.
as he makes a light knocking motion, a wall buckles.
a spotlight fades up onstage and the bartenders, including someone, clap for the performers.
he exits the market and stops, searching in both directions.
someone turns away with a humorless look.
two police cars chase the datsun down a main road.
someone takes an abrupt u-turn on to an onramp for a riverside avenue.
stepping out of a car, agent someone approaches someone.
the cousins hug and someone sends someone off with an affectionate rub of the head.
in the butcher's house, her 19th century counterpart sleeps curled up in the humble bed.
someone takes a breath.
the suv gets thrown upside down.
someone returns to the club and finds someone about to eat a lotus flower.
where shady looking men talk along its edges.
he speeds through a wooded property and emerges in front of the someone estate house.
the tac officer stares slack-jawed.
someone turns to someone who grins cheekily.
he enters the guestroom.
someone stares at him as he tends to the horses.
a police cruiser passes in the opposite direction.
it flies off, and captain watches, its flippers flapping.
a mustached deputy spreads out a map.
he reviews the past.
at the boat's prow, someone peaks in at the tiger, he lifts out the duffle of supplies, revealing a sizable stock of canned goods and boxed food beneath.
pacing in front of a long control panel, stark turns a dial.
someone sniffs at someone's stained clothes.
she picks up a wooden spoon and stirs the stew.
someone removes his hat, crouches, and leans his ear close to someone.
drop their cellphones in a metal box and enter an observation area overlooking an interrogation room.
the guards easily shove him back.
as he shakes himself off,
moving hesitantly, he turns on a bedside lamp and shifts his tempted gaze.
she wipes her eyes with a tissue.
he gazes out over the vast expanse of motion-less sunlit sea.
they swim around behind one and hide.
opening one,
then closes it again.
viewed from overhead, meerkats surround the deep blue, almost-perfectly round pool with green roots fringing its perimeter.
in the secured office, someone looks up.
someone punches a stuffed chair then drops into it and sobs.
he unfolds it to reveal a delicate drop-pendant necklace.
she notices a photograph tucked beneath the scattered pages of a manuscript draft.
now, someone films himself on a stairway landing.
someone wipes his eye, then turns toward someone.
the passengers brace themselves.
someone glances over her shoulder as someone leads her out and across a back porch.
someone holds his position on the landing gear.
they go to each other and kiss passionately.
he attempts to make another call on his cell phone.
he returns them to the brown-haired woman then approaches the flower seller, who arranges bouquets for display.
she wearily touches her forehead.
he rushes into the bathroom and locks himself in a stall.
the arrow crashes down onto the ice.
someone walks back to his workbench and sits down.
someone gives a helpless shrug.
then follows him off on his skateboard.
she slowly looks the dead man over
they move to the edge of the quarry.
he takes a small flashlight from a drawer and tosses it to someone.
someone approaches the window separating him from someone.
one wheel gets stuck while retracting.
the boy fusses with the remote.
a gauze dressing covers the stoma in her trachea,
lit candles around the room give it a warm glow.
the young man slides out of view.
as the boxer walks out, the chuckling reporter puffs a cigarette.
backstage, someone lies curled on her side on a massage table.
someone draws his.
cradling someone's head,
from the burning structure, black smoke plumes into a sky cast rose and indigo by the light of a low sun.
on the left, we watch the mysterious man's moving lips.
she touches his arm.
someone tilts his head, his questioning eyes on hers.
he marks off an illustrated list.
swinging the pulse whips, someone lashes the ground in front of someone and someone.
someone shows her some money.
picks up a cassette tape, and chooses a red hair scrunchie
she strides toward a bus parked at the side of the road.
at the chopper, someone passes his brother a backpack.
through a wall of windows he watches his dad get pushed up a boarding ramp in a wheel chair.
someone runs out after him.
someone maintains his telekinetic hold on the banker's fillings, his face luminous with sadistic glee.
someone pumps a shotgun.
someone takes the present and looks someone in the eyes.
entering the packed house, the crime boss leaves someone at a seat, then proceeds down the aisle with polly.
someone follows her with her eyes as she sits beside someone and rubs her back.
someone weaves the roadster through the traffic.
he glances at someone who sits in the next room.
massaging her wrist, someone strides to the bathroom.
meanwhile someone sideswipes a parked car.
someone stares with a confused look, then faces his reflection in a vanity mirror.
someone sets down his champagne flute and presents a small tray to his son.
he straddles the intruder who fends off his pen gun.
they roll over the back of the couch onto it.
someone sits on the bed and pulls someone down beside her.
someone's french mistress averts her gaze and reaches for the prince's hand.
the oddly matched recruits cover each other.
he scales a tree and perches on a high branch.
a union infantry fires on a confederate blitz, their bullets tearing through the vampires bodies.
now at his desk, someone throws a crumpled paper ball at a waste basket and misses.
someone picks up her choice.
shaking his head, he catches his breath and peers down into the water.
the announcer mirthfully spits his coffee.
they both rest their cheeks against theirs fists and scratch their groins.
the ocean seems to stretch endlessly around the surfers without a hint of a wave.
further along, the bully makes a face at him.
she allows a smile.
the principal meets him.
someone's father walks through the museum,
nearby a goateed thug turns.
he turns to someone who shrugs.
she rubs the broken face of the phone and drops it back on the ground.
behind the car, he crouches over his victim with his mouth ajar.
later, she arrives at someone's house.
he watches her step out.
shaking her head she lifts her hands.
wearing a tight black shirt and pants, someone performs on stage.
someone hangs his head unhappily.
as the mist clears, the top of the head explodes, splattering the chamber walls with a greenish slime.
someone smashes the rear window.
sitting on her bed by an open cardboard box, she flips through the pages of her song journal.
someone regards his friend with a concerned frown.
he smiles at her and approaches her table.
he slides it to someone.
now on a road, someone haps upon a man driving a horse drawn cart.
now, the balding man humps a woman from behind.
the father turns and his jaw drops.
a neighbor emerges.
someone looks at someone's clock which counts down from seven seconds.
as someone snacks obliviously, she takes a seat.
she rests from using her fitness ball.
someone looks up from a file.
someone hangs up while someone drives.
he turns and walks down her driveway in the rain.
they all back away, but quickly return.
she seizes a banister.
a man tinkers with an electric meter.
clasps his middle finger down.
someone gently hits the ball to the man, who gently swats it back.
he slams into a woman, spins, then falls on top of her.
later, outside the rundown tenement, a man hurries to a railing overlooking the alley.
someone approaches someone's parents.
the ship's spotlights shine down on the street.
a chart of cartoon faces expressing various emotions.
the reactor glows through someone's shirt.
we view him through window blinds.
approach chauffeured carts.
holding onto the rim of the boat, someone takes a seat beside the sickly animal.
losing control, the young mutant descends, dipping someone's toes into the water.
they descend the stone steps.
shifting on his feet, he works his jaw then swaggers past someone.
someone's wife looks down at someone's plain pine coffin.
while restaurant patrons stare open-mouthed at the towering flames, in the limousine's back seat, pepper leans forward.
a rooster perches on the hood of the tractor.
someone punches back, denting someone' shield.
she swaps up the water cooler jug.
someone grabs his leg and the two men grapple.
in a hospital corridor, someone clutches someone inconsolably.
at a table, someone sits beside someone, who drops a digestive tablet into a glass of water.
someone sets down his cup of coffee, and goes behind her.
the flame blazes at a horizontal angle.
someone ripples the water with his finger.
someone runs out of the control room and onto a catwalk.
someone holds her by the crook of her elbow.
his gaze solemn, someone steps up alongside him.
they both crack up.
later, someone pours bright red soda into a mug and offers it to his neighbor.
she watches as they head upstairs.
flailing his arms.
as campbell leans over against the ropes, baer winds up his right arm and knocks the fighter down with a haymaker.
they watch as the egg's crack grown larger.
a pup doubles back from the far wall and drops down the pit.
as he arrives at a desk, an aging blonde swivels to face him.
he stops writing and looks outside at the tree.
falling to the ground, it explodes on impact.
his brother sleeping beside him.
the case worker jerks his head toward the rink.
someone gives one last look to the exquisite spectacle, then follows his teacher to a doorway.
but someone leans her full lips closer.
she nods skeptically.
someone turns to the doctor.
with his mouth ajar, he stares down at a pool emitting a phosphorescent blue/green light.
someone scurries to another entrance and creeps into a dark foyer.
the young surfer notices a weather radio priced at $89.
someone's eyes widened and her jaw drops open.
as he finishes the vampire off, someone frees himself and fights off his captor.
clutching his arm, he heads toward the pay phone.
staying on his tail, she spits several fireballs, strafing the sea.
she shrugs her lips.
his bosses leave.
someone searches with someone, someone, and someone, who carry tranquilizer guns.
standing on the running board he sticks to his arm as they drive away.
someone straightens his suit jacket.
the teen stands at the bow.
he storms out into a corridor.
we glimpse someone sitting alone at a booth inside.
she removes her blouse.
he angrily yanks it free.
he eases under the covers and presses a remote control.
someone shifts her attention to the cityscape before them.
now he emerges from a stairwell unto the school roof.
as the rest of the scene fades to black, the nazi coin hovers in the darkness, then rotates.
the pedicurist buffs her nails and rubs lotion over her feet and legs.
now, a time appears - 2:23 a.m. a green-hued night-vision vision shows four tents glows from within.
meanwhile, someone brushes a tear from her eye then slides on a pair of sunglasses.
as the bike comes to a full stop, its rear wheels stay up in the air for a moment then drops back to the ground.
he disappears inside.
someone smiles as someone steps away from the table.
she puts it in the oven.
someone drops the figurine.
little someone takes aim with a pump action shotgun.
on a gently rolling current, someone sits in the makeshift seat at the boats prow, hugging the life preserver.
someone gives someone's attractive mom a big hug.
a pitching machine fires ball after ball.
someone and someone raise their hands.
meanwhile, someone reads writing on the drawer.
someone half-smiles in someones direction but breaks off an urge to comment to him.
a gangster aims an rpg.
the elephant's trunk sneaks up from under the table and steals it.
someone stalks off.
they cross into a kitchen where the dead gunman lies on his back.
she smacks someone's forehead.
someone lowers his gaze and clenches his jaw.
someone looks through the window and spots a brunette woman, he smiles and waves at her.
he trips, then climbs to his feet and runs on.
someone grabs the scrolls from sakharines hand.
to someone, who winces.
someone enters the upper level and finds someone at the opened trapdoor.
the foreman steps closer.
sir someone runs his sword through red someone, then backhands him in his face.
the spikey hair boy gathers his backpack.
he replaces a smoking ingot of palladium and reinserts the rt unit.
she twirls a string of diamonds overhead.
someone turns off the camera as someone and someone enter.
in a meadow field of rubbish, an alien in blood-stained rags crafts another flower.
now at home, she carries a bottle of wine and a stack of keepsake books.
they stare at someone.
now someone descends a staircase from a train platform.
they sit together on a couch.
another explosion rocks the ship.
someone catches him.
as his mother comes in, someone curls up and shuts his eyes.
as holloway plops down nearby with a bottle of liquor,
the bus rocks then tilts onto one set of wheels.
writing through days and nights.
getting his bearings, he habitually checks his body clock.
someone pulls his fist back, extending his flattened hand forward.
now rain pours on a small cafe across the street from us.
now the two gaze into each others eyes emotionally as their lips brush.
someone fires a blast at the drone, which explodes, also destroying two other drones flanking it.
that, crossing to one of her surf.
someone glances over her shoulder at him as she returns to her work.
and the energy rises up to connect with it.
someone sets down a wheelbarrow, glances around then cautiously approaches.
facing the detainee,
now as the horizon glows dimly, the hummer moves through a low fog.
it reaches his helmet.
someone eyes someone as he goes back in.
she flicks water at someone, and leaves.
someone looks to someone, who frowns through the windshield,
as her stomach bulges up normally an image of the alien fetus appears on the screen before her.
while someone bobs exuberantly.
someone closes her mouth.
the rider bends down, laying someone in her arms.
someone hops up on the counter, aiming his machine gun.
drops it on the ground, and hangs it up.
someone shoots but misses the hoop.
bending down, he takes up handfuls of her long honey-brown hair and peers closely at it.
the trucks pull into an area surrounded by towering stacks of shipping containers.
someone raises his fists and the two men face off.
someone points into the distance.
she climbs up.
a henchman wielding a rifle stands guard on its deck.
both men stand.
later, someone drives the boys up a rural road.
someone crosses himself and prays as his family begins dining.
someone pushes past the disgruntled dayton residents gathering around him.
a young boy sleeps, resting on a woman's shoulder.
she perks her head up as someone comes over.
someone takes off her bike helmet and shakes out her hair.
a zombie attacks him from behind.
they move through a shadowy garden wafting with mist.
someone retrieves the frenchman's belt and passes it up sword first.
someone picks up a vase.
someone, someone, and the crowd throw their hands in the air, beaming.
he runs a hand down his cheeks.
he checks the back of his shirt in a mirror.
the boys exchange a look.
flap of his swim fins propels the lead diver through the water.
someone topples a chair as he storms from the window.
another character walks in.
robert nods, as someone stares off.
the soldiers stop pushing and turned to face the nazi officer as he strides into the tower.
someone's face drops.
the citizens by the building step away but the crowd lingers.
hits the ground under the chair with the small
he pours in whisked eggs.
he pulls off his barber cape and upends the table.
now, someone listens to his weather radio at work.
she topples another photo of him and someone.
someone reacts to the sound and moves toward it.
someone skypes them from a yacht.
he steps away, gesturing for us to stay back.
someone sits beside someone on a modern sofa.
now, the taxi drives past tall warehouses and over a set of train tracks.
the man turns and faces the boy.
someone clutches someone's arm as they watch the surf explode like a volcano.
nestled inside, someone snarls up at him but makes no move to rise.
she swings her legs over, pushes herself up on all fours and gets to her feet.
blood streaming from his mouth, someone stands and raises his fists.
fireworks blaze on stage.
it disappears around the corner just as someone turns.
his face hardens.
someone moves from his place beside the king's throne.
he drinks from the carton.
as she leaves the kitchen, he darts out.
he kisses her, and she allows him to pull her into an embrace.
he crouches before the girl.
one judge knits his brow, while another lowers his folded arms.
at night, someone and someone sit on the patio, looking through a photo album.
now, someone consults a gps as he approaches a modest house on a country road.
as guards shoot at him, the leather clad skeleton rises to his feet.
perched on the bow, someone gazes at the panicked animal as swirling water covers them both.
outside, armed military personnel swarm the streets as someone and someone mingle with other citizens.
a tear streams down mama's cheek and she shakily suppresses a sob.
she drops his coffee in a trash bin, then marches off drinking her own.
someone telekinetically drags one side-to-side, leaving bloody smears on the pavement.
the buddhist struggles to free a lifeboat carrying the cook.
he paws a painting.
she gives someone an earnest look.
she gets in back and gazes at the unseen driver.
he opens a door behind the monster letting him fall away.
she glances about the cave and frowns as her eyes alight on a dead body lying just a few feet away.
someone hops on someone for a piggyback.
later in his office, someone gathers the pages of his manuscript and locks them away in a desk drawer.
in a dining room with crystal chandeliers, she leads him past four staff members.
then heads to the front door.
the others arrive behind him.
presses her back to the wall, hiding behind the air conditioner.
they head inside.
but he flies out of its path.
a detective hangs up his phone.
folds it up, and heads off.
someone stands and mimes kissing someone's ghost.
she spies a brawny charming man setting up a small christmas tree on the pool table.
he snaps out of his daze.
one holds scrolls that read lex scripta and lex tradita.
someone cups a hand over his nose.
forget my face.
she shrugs theatrically and enters the bathroom.
someone's eyes glisten and he gives a shaky nod.
someone glances at his two cousins, then looks back at the contract and shakes his head.
the boat floats into the distance.
he points insistently.
someone watches the breakout on a monitor,
someone shows a smidge with his fingers.
she flips the page, and sets the book down.
someone and someone clutch their hands to their mouths.
someone leaves his car with the valet.
someone unplugs the amplifiers.
he looks back over his shoulder toward the elevator.
now in his room, someone works.
sir someone draws his sword.
putting on a pair of glasses with dark lenses, he grabs a metal wheel and turns it with both hands.
someone sets aside his work.
it vanishes in a puff.
in shorts and a hawaiian shirt, someone joins someone and hands her one of the bowls.
leaking oil and other fluids stain the pavement.
now we watch from overhead as she gets into the shower.
in a flashback, young someone sits at the table with his parents and opens a gift.
someone someone frantically swipes at the small fish as someone shields his face.
dots of flashing lights sparkle throughout the arena's huge audience.
someone holds up a trash can lid like a shield, but the large man tosses it aside and punches someone in the face.
someone pouts, then slaps the magazine shut and answers her cell with a forced smile.
reflected in a glass sphere, someone's human face morphs into that of a monster.
he peeks in the guest room.
inside, a cleaned up radiant someone stands before him.
someone clings to someone as someone struggles to pull her away.
now, office supplies sit neatly shelved along the new back wall.
he brings out a folder, glances over his shoulder, and studies its cover.
she switches the light to her other hand and reaches into her back pocket.
as he works on the car in his living room, someone strides in.
someone nods and sets down a newspaper.
now, we soar over hills blanketed with emerald green
the android calmly clips the humans to his line and gives someone the okay hand signal.
in the movie house, the crowd watches figures on screen playing hockey, then clark gable washing his hands in a men's room.
they bust the doors open revealing a huge hole in the ground.
seated at his kitchen island he looks to the front door and doffs his glasses.
she kicks someone hard in the shin.
someone and someone are glued to the screens.
now, a lavish ceiling recessed with octagonal vaults spreads above a spacious study.
as she puts her power window up she holds someones gaze.
standing together, someone and someone hold long boards and gaze out at the waves.
a squad member tosses someone a bomb which he throws into the tank.
brushing his teeth he turns to face her.
he snaps as he steps from side to side repeatedly putting his feet apart then together.
as someone wiggles the sardine.
as they enjoy another kiss, we drift up and away from the unfinished overpass and gaze out over the city.
at night, they tumble, kissing on to the bed.
someone shoots someone a sidelong glance, then sits beside someone who eats rice from a pot.
a tiger perks up.
someone snaps her photo.
wearing fingerless leather gloves, she takes a drag off a cigarette.
he starts to climb the ladder to the control cab, then pauses and turns to someone who gawks.
a rope ladder hits him on the head.
emptying his clip, someone tosses his rifle aside.
someone stands and raises his fists.
someone meets his terrified gaze then ambles back to the counter.
someone sneaks up with a bottle.
a black and white cat lies in a glass enclosure.
someone blocks him with the shaft of his ax.
a middle-aged man with thinning hair steps outside and smiles.
someone flies out through the opening in the glass roof.
as the sedans arrive at the military checkpoint.
in the auditorium someone wears a curly red wig.
now, an officer patrols the hive as several workstations lie quiet and vacant.
he shakes it off again and keeps paddling.
she keeps her gaze on him.
she stands then walks out of the room.
as someone comes in and sits on the edge of her mattress,
someone lurches and the auto part flies past the rider.
now in bed, someone jolts awake.
they pay no attention as the ford trundles by and turns on to the main street.
she gawks as someone and someone leave the suv for the donut shop.
he lifts his gaze and takes a calming breath.
which frames the town's water tower in the distance.
back at home, chips fill a bowl.
the others can't see someone.
someone rearranges some of the cards on the bulletin board and reads the result.
she pauses at a photo of a dinner.
as his peers on the ground take up positions, someone's men hustle.
a caption reads, "notorious phd, lyrical miracle, prodi-g, someone's records.
raising his hands overhead.
later, we share the camera's perspective as someone carries it downstairs.
look out over her spanish-tiled roof to the tree-filled horizon.
turning, he finds a bald agent grinning at him.
a guest pats someone's arm.
now at someone's apartment, someone kisses her neck as she takes off his belt.
he sets it aside.
in a striped dress, she sleeps clutching a magazine.
someone pulls into the driveway and gets out of the car.
someone climbs into his carriage then shakes someone's hand.
entering a workspace, she passes lettering on a window that reads, "linsky solutions."
he springs to his feet and paces.
dressed in the form-fitting cocktail dress.
tears in her eyes, the blonde woman claps, transfixed.
he remains behind and sits facing someone who thoughtfully tokes on a joint.
a brunette woman clad in pastels acknowledges a valet as she crosses toward a lone figure at a full-length window.
someone steps past his aide who lowers a gun.
someone, get that.
the doorway shows one of someone's legs jerking upward.
someone opens the door and leans in.
now, someone answers her door to find someone holding a bouquet of roses.
little blackie snorts and wallops up the steep muddy bank,
a globule of clear alcohol floats out of the bottle and hovers in front of someone's face.
as a circle of low red flames burns around him, someone scoops his ring-bearing hand upward, directing the
someone smashes another giant with someone, then hurls his hammer across the battlefield striking down several enemies.
villagers stare up at the night sky.
someone lowers her white doctor's mask, someone stares.
revealing the sticky note now gone.
her open hand hangs off the edge of the bed, her wrist exposed to the intruder.
she smokes a cigarette and listens to ear buds.
she lays her forearm across his lap.
he puts on his helmet.
he runs into the hallway where someone stands at its far end.
the mastermind turns around and climbs the steps to the lobby.
he chases her down the shoulder then tackles her.
he stares down at her, his expression hardening.
a door rises and someone leads the group onward.
we drift further down the hall, our gaze locked on the door.
reaching the dining area he pauses to face a dark corridor beside him.
out in the water, someone submerges himself in a wave.
she hurries away, and he idly looks around.
he rests his hand on it and watches the man approach.
a few yards behind them, mactaggert follow
the automaton's face is turned in his direction.
he stands and walks over.
someone lifts his hand and the cruiser rises over the boys, landing on its roof.
someone plunges down and lands in a roll.
someone anxiously ends the call.
she just walked out.
someone closes his menu.
someone's shadow shows the high-kick pose, as he balances easily on his other leg.
lightning fills the sky.
micah scratches himself as he reads a bible.
directed by harald zwart.
with a dramatic swoon, someone wipes her brow and lies back.
its hand rises into view and curls around someone's shoulder.
someone looks away then faces him defenselessly.
he doesn't want to grow up.
with his chin jutting forward, someone turns back.
the haunted man regards him with a furrowed brow.
someone crawls up behind someone and she pulls away from someone.
standing over the motionless agent, someone wipes his muddy forearm across his chin, then stares at someone's silhouette.
leaping, someone flings the puck with his stick.
she moves toward a closed stall.
in the bedroom, the general sits on the bed, with someone straddling him.
someone drops his shotgun and his son reluctantly follows suit.
yeah you are dumbass.
the burly man carries a leafy vegetable across the yard.
someone scowls, then turns away.
someone straightens up her fridge and knocks on a door.
someone points at her ceramics partner and mimes gagging.
the guy splashes the camera with his drink, spits on someone, then walks away.
he shakes his head at her.
approaches the maitre d's post at an upscale restaurant.
she gets out of the car, hugging the photo close in one arm.
it rounds a corner.
the girl looks to the woman holding her shoulder.
someone veers onto the shoulder, then into oncoming traffic on a one-way street.
someone chews his gum.
as two someone hold each other, their frog-like throats expand.
someone stops paddling then rolls off his board and into the water.
someone gives an amused smile.
he spits out the thumbnail.
in the bedroom, someone holds the phone to her ear and quivers in the darkness.
as the others at forward base laugh, someone gives a smirk.
now someone is bare feet, move up and down.
slowly opening it, she looks around and gapes.
someone strides over to someone.
he stands at a table of crystals.
a producer watches in the gallery.
someone tries to pull it away but he holds firm.
someone folds up the letter and lays it aside.
closing her eyes, she leans forward.
someone starts the timer.
someone knocks game prizes from a shelf and lines it with ammunition clips.
as the suv slides across the road, our view meets its roof.
now at someone's apartment, her friend grins as someone enters the living room wearing a tight black dress.
and places it over his mouth again.
he holds the doll's head up and looks through its bionic eye.
at home, the manager packs a hidden travel wallet.
gazing at the ravaged town, she struggles to remain composed.
she embraces him.
someone pretends to slice off his enemies arm.
as someone arched his back in pain, we see him as a flameless ghost rider falling through a white void.
his hand caresses her back.
someone's mouth twists willfully and his nostrils flare.
someone scowls toward his cell, then heads over.
someone sets a simple cardboard box on the coffee table.
the bounty hunter rolls a seven.
lying in a makeup chair backstage someone sobs.
the destroyer bats someone through the air, he crashes onto a parked car.
she slaps his cheek.
stepping forward he tries a door at the other end of the room and finds it locked.
she looks him over.
fans surround dark-haired someone.
someone lowers her distraught gaze.
someone also emerged.
as the door opens, someone peers over her shoulder and sees a woman entering,
he pauses and digs his cell phone from his pocket.
someone faces his reflection in a window.
someone glimpses the rising ship, then flees the shifting ground.
someone tear up.
someone shoots his pistol at the ground.
she takes off her glasses and pinches the bridge of her nose before smiling to herself.
someone takes out another creature.
he lowers his raft, now larger, sturdier, and stocked with supplies, over the other side of the boat.
now, his four team members emerge from the alley and take up positions.
she and someone each look out their windows.
a robber aims a rifle at someone's head.
one man drinks from a bucket.
someone thrusts out his upturned wrist.
someone pokes bryant with the gun.
someone lets him drop onto the sand.
someone stands at a street.
someone opens the door to a dower, clean cut man.
someone rubs up against the doctor's leg.
someone loses his smirk and stares sourly at her.
the mutant easily dispatches him, stabbing him in the back.
he sits with her straddling his lap.
she sets down the microphone and leaves the stage.
someone dials his cellphone.
her mother looks to them indignantly, hands on her hips.
sliding on a suit jacket he turns and looks at someone.
he plummets 30 feet to the breakers below.
she keep sword at his throat.
some inmates smile.
someone steps up to the hotel's front desk.
now, someone walks alone across a parking lot to a restaurant - the village inn.
someone scans his wrists and a barricade lowers.
his rescuer narrows his eyes.
he rests the tigers head on his lap and softly rubs its crown.
lord someone's eyes widen at someone.
he bags the note with the other items, then shuts the maroon drawer and slides it back into box 392.
staring at a posting on the door.
zoo-goers hustle away from the masked family.
shaking his head, the tiger backs away and swipes at it.
as someone chases the boys around in circles, someone comes in.
she runs across a busy road towards ibs.
she wipes her mouth as she exits into her guardian's office.
he removes his helmet and amber visor, revealing his stoic expression.
then allows a smile.
someone stands at a podium.
now someone faces a wardrobe's full-length mirror.
they all stare at the banner.
she shoots him.
the suv tips and smashes down onto all four wheels.
the cockatoo holds his beak.
as we peer down at him through the airborne camera.
a spare tentacle wraps around her ankle, but she kicks it lose and scrambles away.
he slides her a tray of drinks.
the dealer sets a fifth card face up.
later two workers dig a grave in a sunny cemetery.
he returns to his sketch.
later, someone and two men arrive at the lab.
someone gives a satisfied smirk and dashes from the window.
as the girl from iowa serves drinks, someone notices her.
now a man reads a newspaper article entitled, a race to master the art of french cooking, with someone's picture.
they sit side-by-side at the kitchen island.
someone shoots the alien and someone kicks it off.
he nods toward an unshaven man.
someone shakes his head and shrugs his hand.
someone releases virgil into the pool and the robot sets off after the diver.
someone flies away from the fiery expo park and lands atop a tall building.
someone quickly finds a seat.
daytime, someone stands on someone's porch, knocking on the screen door.
someone sets her glass on the table and steps closer to him.
flamingos drink from a pond.
the noble man raises a magnifying lens and reads news of the french soldiers landing.
they duel as the lit powder burns down another ladder and races across the deck and the space below them.
throws then waits for his reaction.
she breastfeeds him.
it juts above treetops overlooking tranquil shimmering water.
someone waves the vehicle forward.
with its flippers extended behind it, the penguin hurries over.
someone raises her arms and shakes her head.
his eyes open as someone arrives home.
the entrance is surrounded by craggy stone cliffs.
as the wounded man twitches feebly, someone watches with a clenched jaw.
but little blackie keeps going.
someone passes someone a stick of licorice, she eats it.
more esu officers move in behind the counter.
facing each other, someone runs his fingers through her hair.
he finds a note written on a menu taped to the glass.
the stranger uncaps the bottle.
someone's screen shows the countless supply.
her brother stares, listening in.
someone gapes as he watches someone bash a guard with his shield.
in the dorm, the girls lead someone down a hall.
electrified whips slice through objects in the room.
the hydra heaves flames at them.
someone jumps down to the dungeon floor and finds the door locked.
before she can slice it, someone digs in.
someone glares as the chopper's tail rotor obliterates someone.
a woman poses with someone, who wears a bird mask.
he eyes someone who pretends to browse around.
a white-bearded man points to smoke billowing on the horizon.
he finds his cellphone in a pile of clothes and answers it.
someone hides in a shed but can't lock the door.
now, a blurred image sharpens into focus to reveal the gnarled branches of a california oak.
they walk through the urban light instillation at the los angeles county museum of art.
she turns back.
the vehicles explode and flip into the air behind someone, who darts toward the expo.
he changes gears and drives forward, slamming someone against the guardrail.
the power goes out throughout the store.
the bald man avoids his hostile glare.
wearing white cloth over her nose and mouth, someone tends to lady someone, who lies in bed.
she pushes him back and frowns uncomfortably.
someone stares off at the dance floor.
they rush to the student driver's car.
she gives a pleading look.
they ogle someone's long legs and butt.
before an impressive view of the city, an elegantly set table for two sits surrounded by candlelight.
someone points to a figure.
as he tries to release the line, someone lunges over the prow swiping his massive claws at his head.
blurry-eyed, she puts a hand on her temple and looks away from him.
in a sleek, high-collared suit, the blond arrives.
someone, we love you.
someone opens her eyes.
someone ends his call.
then looks up at the sky as despair wells in his eyes.
the auburn-haired young woman watches him from her table on a patio outside.
he and rembrandt pound fists.
their mustached superior leaves.
saw an image of a woman in her underwear.
someone follows, now wearing a yellow polo.
as the bay door opens, someone runs down a ramp and leaps out of the plane.
the veteran surfer lies flat on the board and busts through the top portion as it breaks.
from overhead, we watch numerous umbrellas part to make way for them.
re-attaching a life jacket to an oar beam, someone pauses and stares down at it.
back at the research lab, bare-chested someone, now wearing jeans steps out of a bathroom.
as a person sprays steam at her face.
someone taps the symbols, which light up briefly with his touch.
someone appears behind him.
she points at a star on the walk of fame.
he attempts to move stealthily amid the crystals.
now we soar along a sunny coastline.
someone lies on the floor using a thin cushion of foam as a mattress, and pulls a wide sheet of cardboard over himself like a blanket.
i am a rapist pig.
she looks to someone who makes no move to assist her.
he heads to the gate.
someone pulls a pillow over his head to block out someone's laughter.
on a map, a dotted line traces a path from oahu to the island of hawaii.
he approaches his case worker.
two tigers gaze out from windows in the big-cat house.
at a store across the street, someone pays a florist.
unbuckles her seatbelt and climbs into the seat beside him.
someone looks up again, her bruised left eye almost swollen shut,
with a knowing shake of his head, he leaves his sorrowful friend stunned.
someone follows at a leisurely swagger, his sketchbook in hand.
he lifts his stunned gaze.
it opens up on a warmly lit study furnished in polished wood and brown leather.
the friends pass a single cow standing off to the side.
a photo shows someone and someone together.
the twins wait in the reception room.
the tip of someone's crane smashes into someone's cab, knocking him to the floor.
the someone approaches.
high up in the tree, someone looks down indignantly.
his chest rises and falls steadily.
someone tries again to reach for him but stops, his neck crooking convulsively.
i don't like stories.
staring at it, someone tears up and bites her lip.
sitting with someone and someone, someone smiles as he applauds.
someone watches tv in his dressing room.
their smiles fade.
proceeding past her he leads her down a hallway.
he hurries toward the border.
rockets shoot upward.
he peers down the platform
someone responds with a warm appreciative smile.
near the cinema door, someone watches movie patrons exiting the lobby.
flaring brilliantly it darts away.
they draw their bows and fire, killing a number of looters.
and rests his chin on his clasped hands.
meanwhile, someone exits a freeway in stockholm.
the armored vehicle rolls through the flaming gate, escaped prisoners run out behind it.
as we glimpse someone eyeing the ruined veil, she remembers laughing merrily with her groom.
the wind and rain lash in at him.
stadium, some dressed in suits, others in everyday clothes.
he hugs her from behind.
this means war.
he keeps a shotgun on them.
he and someone bowl over a shelving unit which topples three more units like dominoes.
they head down the sidewalk.
she opens the door and leaves.
he exits.
she undoes the belt on her dress.
he limps up the platform along the edge of the tracks, pushing people out of the way as he goes.
catching up, someone follows him through a gate flanked by gilded sculptures of kung fu warriors in action.
lying down, someone stares at his watch, which reads five until ten.
he shaves.
her smile quickly fades.
someone clutches a thin someoney robe around her and steps outside to join him.
someone meets her gaze.
rocking her hips, she hovers her mouth mere inches above his.
as he leaves the range and runs onto a green, someone drives up in a golf cart.
someone sprays the camera then searches bottles on a cart of cleaning supplies.
someone takes her notebook from her purse and writes.
it resembles someone's key with a heart at each end.
someone covers a laugh.
gritting her teeth she hurries on.
in another room, an old man lies on his side, smoking a long-stemmed pipe.
at the cottage someone tucks the borrowed photo in an envelope.
someone shakes her head, slack-jawed.
at night, someone cries as she crosses a street.
someone rests his head on her shoulder.
the bride and groom are someone and someone.
his limp hand slides off the couch's edge.
he rises.
someone flips up her sun visor.
while scientist in white lab coats scurry around someone still embedded in stone.
someone drapes the jacket over the peg.
someone looks around at dr.
someone and someone both stuff popcorn into their slack-jawed mouths.
as he glances at someone, some patrons follow his gaze.
they hug again.
lightening casts a glow on the mustached thug as he holds his shotgun ready.
moving on, he bounces the ball.
grimacing, he grabs at the door.
they stand on the deck of their humble vessel as it approaches a fleet of steam-powered riverboats crowding a bustling harbor.
someone stays put, staring at the water.
he tries to open the thick file someone left for him, and it spreads like an accordion.
he hurries outside.
workers gather their things and hurry.
a man leans against the refrigerator.
with a bra in one hand, she open a door and glances at him.
pushing the group to within a few feet of the fire.
pushing herself out of the pool, she draws a gun at her hip.
she changes clothes.
clearing the gateway, the ship turns towards a low structure built in the distant valley.
she flings her hands out to the side, turns, and flips her hair.
he throws a towel over her.
someone stumbles but gets up and takes cover behind a rocky pillar.
on its side, someone's suv slides to a stop.
she shines her light over it and examines the small grip.
they shut the door.
we glide inside, over the rope cordoning off the room, and past cookbooks crammed unto a narrow bookshelf.
trembling, he raises his shotgun at a clown zombie.
someone parks outside a church, then walks up to two nuns sitting at a table.
at a road block, someone instructs officers.
five pounds of it sit in her fridge.
a hippo, rhino, giraffe and other animals disperse.
the film is black and white and the star is someone.
someone follows someone out among the ruins.
a handgun lies beside it.
grabbing him by the lapels she leans over him, her face contorted with rage.
it tumbles out of the building.
someone sits back and folds his arms.
stepping into the destroyed room, the beefy gunman fires down the hole in the floor
before the engine reaches the end, the bridge underneath it splits from the final portion of the track.
pepper and someone both speak into telephones.
yanking her ponytail back, someone wiggles out of her hold.
some guys in varsity jackets approach.
outside, someone leads someone onto campus.
someone takes a couple of steps to the side, watching her friend go.
the companion fish dodges a breaching predator which we follow as it dips beneath the surface.
a jokester waves his arms in front of someone's camera.
she exits the screen and puts down the phone.
with a wry look she cocks her head.
he shuffles back alongside the car.
sharks swim in the water beneath her.
someone looks up from a sleeping boy.
approaching the hydra base, someone mounts his shield on the front of his motorcycle.
the director speaks to him.
now, he rings someone's bell.
a big smile spreads on someone's face and he glances between her and the tiger.
now a soundman preps a vocal cd.
someone sips his sparkling wine with a knitted brow.
someone searches a potted plant.
she pauses thoughtfully and puts a hand on her belly.
arriving, someone disarms someone and slams him against the pole.
to her right, a large square painting depicting a pink someone orchid at the center of a gold rimmed medallion stands propped against the wall.
inscribed around one heart,
cupping the back of her neck with his hand, he pulls her in for a kiss.
someone cowers as their burst impacts push him backward.
he then licks them, while pretending to stick a finger into someone's anus.
the wounded animal kicks at the predator.
he picks up a marker and highlights a line on someone's notes.
then kicks off her high heeled party girl shoes and wriggles out of the tight mini dress.
the student nods uneasily, flashes a meek smile, and faints.
someone stands in front of someone and smiles at her, as she gets ready.
at night, someone takes out the trash behind pleasure pizza.
hydra guards bring over a dark-haired factory manager.
he cups her bosom.
someone swims over to the fishing boat.
someone notices a pre-teen chinese girl sitting on a bench, practicing finger positions on a violin.
back in asgard, someone pulls his spears out of the bifrost mechanism.
they glance at a diner.
the group files off in the same direction that someone takes when leaving school.
from the minivan's roof, someone tosses the crowbar aside,
he turns and inspects a model ship with a unicorn figurehead on display behind them.
she paints black lines along someone's eyelid.
a heavy-set traveler eyes them as he takes off his belt.
on the lacquer dresser, another box sits filled with earrings, rings, and necklaces.
touching her face, she examines it.
someone stops kissing her.
someone turns to happy.
at the expo, the lighthouse sweeps its beam around in circles.
from the cruiser, someone spots the couple running down a road amid rolling grassy hills.
now, twin skyscrapers under construction stand silhouetted against a rising sun that glows through the smog.
the someone's follow his gaze.
someone lowers her petulant gaze.
the wave engulfs someone.
the russian gives a shrug.
he adds the notice to a stack of bills.
her jaw drops.
his son hangs his head.
they step into someone's attic workshop.
now he airbrushes a sunbathing mouse so that it looks like a topless female mouse has a bikini line.
someone withdraws her hand, trembling as she falls back in exhaustion.
as the overhead lights flicker on, she glances up at a camera.
gram containing arcane rune
later, in the courtyard outside, dozens of bells dangle from leafy tree branches on strings.
taking the quiz someone reads a question.
someone falls back onto the ground.
someone leans in to look at a file in someone's hands.
as bianca steps past him, someone spies a model ship in a glass case near the back of a stage.
she enters the cab and it drives off.
he lowers his face to her red lotus shoe.
someone lies in a small bed.
he looks down again
someone lowers the phone.
she nearly bumps into someone at a doorway.
protesting citizens march with clubs.
he drags the struggling woman across the room.
he gestures to a drawer.
smiling, someone follows the others out to the slide.
they all reach the ladder.
in a hallway, someone sneaks up on her as she shuts a door.
he looks around himself.
as the front train cars rise into the air and crash into poll, the boys drop the camera and scurry down the platform.
we peer at the seemingly endless expanse.
later someone steps into a car and kisses someone, who sits in the driver seat.
takes an african infant out the box - bystanders stare.
her handcuffed arm leaning vertically against the headboard.
they clink glasses and sip the clear iceless drinks.
that evening, he walks up outside an art gallery.
someone locates the teen boy wearing his school blazer.
someone wearing a beret shakes his head.
she inserts it behind the engineer's ear, taps a few commands on a tablet, and waits.
someone lowers his gun.
someone observes the children, then shifts her thoughtful gaze.
opens his mouth to speak.
popping a wheelie on the way.
later, antonio cranks up the volume on a stereo system.
as someone's gaze lowers, she turns around and walks out.
they pass a pristine white, estate house.
his green eyes take in the shelves of baled cash.
fans laugh as they enter the arena.
someone helps the old man to his feet.
he grabs it and starts to wriggle back out.
they playfully fight over
the vampire tackles him and bares his fangs.
baby face picks up two cash bundles and tosses one to someone.
in a tub, bubbles rise from the little boy's bottom.
lights inside the gas station continue to flicker on and off as someone steps outside and walks toward the sheriff's car.
someone breaks through the door and grabs her, covering her mouth.
the boy stares, slack-jawed, then notices a half-empty bottle of liquor sitting nearby.
someone repeatedly pokes at someone's face, which is covered in a slayer t-shirt.
she brings him breakfast.
later, he climbs a staircase to the empty deck and looks around.
he draws a revolver and stamps a boot against her cheek.
she sinks down beneath the water and holds her head in her hands.
the hell fires flare, their light overwhelming our view.
officer someone traveled to site in patrol boat.
someone collapses onto the sand as the boat sways with the waves.
he takes out the black notebook.
she snaps tongs at him.
the young man boards a waiting bus.
someone shoots him a look.
little someone stares at the ring then hands it over.
she fires again and blood spews from a zombie's head.
someone hops to his feet.
a giant cloud of black smoke rises from the blazing remains.
four and then plummeting to number 93 and beyond.
someone sinks back into his seat and the woman leaves.
now someone lies wounded on the floor.
he sniffs someone.
he takes out a blue velvet box and opens it.
she gazes up at the landing and finds it empty.
someone stalks toward the old man and licks the edge of his grotesque arrow scar.
the boys watch as he walks back behind his desk and straightens his tie.
someone is slumped next to someone's still body, her head crushed by a collapsed bulkhead.
in an office, the disguised woman reveals the bonds inside one of the bags.
a woman tries to apply makeup to someone.
our view lifts up and away from the floating candles to the stars twinkling in the night's sky.
befuddled mechanic shakes his head.
now she flosses in a ladies room.
the thin soldier aims a rifle with his brothers-in-arms.
someone emerges from a fitting room.
she turns, finding herself alone among the cold metallic book stacks.
she waits outside the door.
someone is approaching van.
trying another wave, someone manages to stand briefly as someone cheers her on.
someone calling.
he kicks it under his cot as he begins to write a reply on a pad of paper.
someones mother joins them.
the detective gets up.
while the film plays, someone pages through a notebook filled with handwritten notes, formulas, and diagrams.
he cautiously approaches the room, opens its glass door and enters.
someone gives his friend a conspiring nod.
elsewhere, police vehicles surround a parked prisoner transport truck.
an mnu vehicle pulls into a nearby clearing.
their arms twine around each other and they sway on their feet.
someone sets the helmet atop the suit.
the fat cop puts his hands up.
someone shifts his gaze.
he presses her up against the door and kisses her.
later, someone approaches someone, who stands gripping his sword at the ragged end of the bridge.
leaving several characters in black ink.
someone opens a manuscript.
he leaves the set.
someone listens gravely.
pokes its rear into view and playfully flexes its legs to the sky.
someone notices a picture of someone as a boy.
now a pale chubby butt lies naked under tangled sheets.
someone kisses someone's mother on the head and goes.
now the someone family car pulls up in front of someone's house.
he sets his arm in the scanner.
a woman is waiting for someone.
now, venom holds two lizards as he approaches someone who stares into someone's pit.
as she reaches for the stack of letters, she knocks over a glass of wine.
the case worker gives a mocking sneer and disappears in thin air.
frowning, the teen peers out over the sea.
she set the roast chicken.
the gangster spits at his tormentor.
of rolling sand dunes as snowy trods ahead of them.
someone dials a cell phone.
scan his surroundings, then continues on his way.
he finds a naked woman straddling someone in a bathtub.
he sets down buddhist prayer beads.
someone tosses the boy into the river and flees.
he turns and peers off into the distance with wide eyes.
later, someone faces our view.
someone blinks a few times.
someone walks off she smiles to herself.
her children peer earnestly up at her.
outside in an alley, the large man punches someone to the ground.
sitting under the bodhi tree, someone jerks open his eyes.
ghost rider stares at it.
he steps away, intercepting someone in the adjoining room.
someone approaches him.
someone turns and walks off the stage as the showgirls return.
the chief maintains eye contact with the mustached local.
it shatters on contact.
with a self-satisfied smile, the woman moves next to him.
someone stands by the dummy.
as they wrestle, the principal enters the auditorium with the drama teacher.
he pokes him, to yank it free.
he turns around to face a mime in a top hat
slowly, he creeps forward and stares out through the clear glass.
someone arrives and hauls him up by his jacket.
the others halt.
which snakes its way out of the room.
someone climbs out of bed and draws the curtains apart.
our view rapidly switches between the two giggling cops.
someone stares with her hands on her hips as the woman reaches her arms around someone' neck.
allied soldiers shoot three hydra troopers trying to climb up behind him.
a light snow falls.
someone steals an apple from a passing cart and slips it into his pocket.
someone rides out atop a zamboni mounted with a sleek gleaming cannon.
someone's knees slowly buckle and he collapses to the couch.
later, his roommate tosses him a gift.
he sighs.
the two riders cruise by floating kelp.
someone opens her mouth as if to say something else, but stops herself.
as she reaches for a gun, he targets another objet d'art
later, sitting at a table someone studies a file.
someone takes a seat beside the boy.
now standing away from the party someone faces someone.
his gaze hardens as it focuses on a sketch of his childhood tormentor.
someone recoils as claude sways into a grandfather clock.
as someone surveys their surroundings, someone takes cover behind a pillar.
in the kitchen, she swivels her hips as she wipes out her popcorn bowl.
someone strikes a pose with her arms in the air and the stage lights blink off.
smiling, she steps closer.
someone breaks off muttering and opens his eyes.
someone looks him in the eye and takes a deep breath.
someone and someone sit on a bench.
someone stares after her estranged husband, then takes a few deep steadying breaths and shuts her eyes.
he peeks around a corner.
finding a bay window, he steps close and peeks in.
someone raises her arms over her head.
he rises to his feet.
as someone peers down through the opening, a flashlight turns on to reveal someone bound with a chain.
the chauffeur shakes his head.
she applies lipstick, puts on pearl earrings.
at the dinner table someone closes his eyes.
someone bops his head to the song, someone pops out the cassette.
his host notices then gives a shrewd smile.
someone sets down a stack of photos and moves on to some others.
as someone takes out his key, snowy noses opens open someone's apartment door.
someone spritzes his upraised wrist with cologne,
someone takes it out of his mouth and places it on the finger of a white mannequin hand sitting on the vanity.
as someone retrieves his spilled letters, a soldier passes.
now at night, a man forces a young woman through a narrow alley.
a shark swims passed as he works, spotting it.
someone throws the knife.
circling left, someone jabs at someone's head.
he unhooks a strand of blue tape.
someone crosses to a large hard case sitting on a desk.
now on a plane, a flight attendant serves someone then continues down the aisle.
someone walks across the parking lot to her car.
someone pulls into the driveway on his motorcycle.
they take in the bright lights and glittering signs of the las vegas strip.
someone smacks several hydra soldiers with the shield.
birds fly around mr.
facing the young investigator, someone sniffles and shakes his head.
someone addresses a postcard version of the valentine.
in the abandoned lifeboat the last engineer's body convulses on the floor, surrounded by the creature's motionless tentacles.
as someone plays drums, someone plays his guitar.
his grin morphs into a frown and he furrows his brow.
someone slips away.
at hammer industries, someone works on an arc reactor.
then she rips the card to shreds.
later, senator someone stands at a podium outdoors.
turning, someone stares wide-eyed at his glaring boss then puts on a smile.
she leaves the car.
he flashes a wry dimpled smile.
outside, someone shifts his tense, vigilant gaze.
in atlanta, someone uses the phone.
he gazes up at the tree, then looks toward someone.
the remaining pages settled on her crossed leg.
he places a call.
a light shines on someone's someone, as the gangsters haul him out.
the champ eyeballs someone with a vacant trance-like stare.
someone taps the case with his foot.
later he sulks at a bar while someone, someone and others have a good time all around him.
she rewinds the recording.
she wraps it tightly around her slender torso and hugs it close over her chest.
someone sits in a lecture classroom with her notebook open.
someone walks into the surf to meet someone and they throw their arms around each other.
he points at the doctor.
with his eyes squeezed shut, he tilts his face skyward.
he faces her, slack-jawed.
we glimpse a few chanting mouths.
the falcon breaks of its center mast,snowy raises after the falcon, which grabs the boat model in its talons then drops it on the floor.
ambles to the railing with his hands stuffed in his pockets, and listens.
the children peer through the window blinds.
the man inhales sharply as he flips to drawings of a mechanical man's head and torso.
as someone steps into the party, someone smirks and someone gazes discreetly after him.
a fourth lifts its rear.
reaching a vault in an adjacent room, he releases someone and moves to the metal door.
the tabby shoots upward then runs off.
with the goat now on the other side of the bars, someone pulls it back toward his cage.
smiling gently she closes her eyes and lets out a breath.
he releases the barbell.
someone waves back.
he pushes him away.
he dances along with a workout video.
someone walks past a dark-haired boy sitting with other children.
someone pulls someone into the backyard.
someone hugs the items.
now, a hula girl doll bobbles on the dashboard of a moving vehicle.
someone scurries away.
someone paces, then faces someone.
he lifts her upper body cradles her.
he bares his teeth and raises an eyebrow.
someone unplugs the video screen and sits.
someone gives no response.
dozens of spectators stand, craning for a look.
ghost rider doubles over then arches back triumphantly.
four wallet size photos show the young vanger women.
more men face someone.
as she bursts out of the stall, someone exits a different one.
in concert colored lights pulsate on someone's costume as she stands on stage.
the lawman's shot misses and floyd runs off.
as the undercover cops gag each other again, the janitor turns and wearily shuffles away.
as he reads her latest entry, he swallows hard.
she licks the steel parts and kneels.
she avoids someone's gaze.
someone carries him off under his arm.
glancing at her, he smiles faintly, then turns back to face the room.
someone tilts his head, his eyes narrowing as he meets someone's gaze.
words appear, 5 years later.
his face is cut and bruised.
later visitors roam the state house lobby.
now in the courtyard, someone rapidly swats tennis balls at someone.
he brings them to a vast armory.
the automaton sits motionless.
he descends halfway down the porch steps, then leans back against a supporting pillar.
both vehicles skid to a stop, billowing smoke.
he glances at an iraqi woman in an upper window, then radios in.
the top sketch depicts a human figure with taloned hands and a spiraling worm-like head.
he brings his fingers down to the keys and hesitates.
someone puts up his hood and hugs his jacket closed.
she kisses someone's cheek.
as she serves a drink, the bartender eyes her and rubs his unshaven cheek.
someone unveils the dark beast prone in a chair.
they enter the fatal chamber.
wearing his suit without the helmet, someone eats a donut.
women in lingerie answer and he holds up magnums.
he opens his bag.
now framed photos show someone and rory on their wedding day and rory playing cricket.
she makes sure the gun is cocked.
later, the hand crosses off june 10th.
flailing wildly, angel falls to the sand.
now, a digital alarm clock on a nightstand reads 6:43 am.
meanwhile, someone hurriedly limps down a corridor.
someone adds a little tap water to the drinks then gives one to his guest.
from the far side of the room, someone strolls over and takes a seat on the other side of the desk.
the frenchman advances, pulling his hood back.
he holds it up to himself.
someone shakes his head and mouths no.
an aerial view shows him moving away from the crash as bystanders crowd closer.
the blast sends the suv rolling sideways toward the road's unfinished end.
the bridal veil catches in a flower arrangement and a guest helps them untangle it.
my mother is very sick.
she keeps her hand over her mouth.
now in the quarry, our view sweeps down a hulking bucket chain excavator's giant cutting wheel.
half in costume, he knocks on a door.
the man yanks off someone's shoes, revealing letters written on someone's bare feet.
the soldier swims toward the beach.
downstairs, someone tensely gazes past someone and the wedding consultant.
he stands, using a nurse station phone.
someone spies the bully and his friends.
she finds a photo of herself wearing a polo shirt.
only a handful of surfers remain in the water.
people turn and look at him.
someone exits his car and approaches the front door.
she makes a few selections from a touch screen, projected over her head.
as someone heads out of the lecture hall the professor lifts his thermos.
the drill breaks through to the other side, and the operator yanks it open.
red someone hurls his sword.
someone shifts his gaze between them.
someone lies in her long white nightgown shivering
someone, with a bloody gash under his left eye, shakes his head.
each student draws one.
the idyllic tranquil moment, then turns away and grimly heads inside.
now in a blizzard, a train travels a mountainous snow dusted landscape.
someone lifts the lid holding a lit cigarette between two of his latex gloved fingers.
he wears a top hat and sunglasses.
someone leaves someone to himself and the other gawkers disperse.
they share a grave look, then lean over and adjust the blankets covering the children at their feet.
we peer down a square spiral stairwell.
now, someone and someone enter a defunct department store, full of mannequins and dusty display cases.
as the red spotlight fixes on someone for her turn to lip-sync, someone pulls a plug.
someone soberly wipes his mouth and chin.
he jerks up and glances around.
frightened, the penguins charge the babysitter who runs out of the apartment leaving the front door open.
someone, someone, and wallace are also there watching.
the spinning wheel catapults a piece of flaming metal into the sky.
someone glances at someone, noting her pained expression.
outside, someone, dressed as a valet, helps someone in to a taxi.
someone uses a phone.
now someone's van pulls up outside him home,
someone faces the nerds.
she mops her cleavage.
she lowers the sheet of paper and stares off.
the rear driver spots him and swerves left, blocking his path.
he offers a terse professional nod to the inspector, who reciprocates.
he turns to someone, who shrugs his hands.
now, someone and someone walk beneath the pergola covered in vines of red blossoms.
he remains awake, staring blankly across the room.
he lowers his pointing finger.
hobbling forward, the little girl tries to run outside.
someone manipulates her hand until the buckle reflects a beam of sunlight.
nighttime at the lobster shack, someone shares a booth with someone who wears a demure black dress.
he sees the multiple choice answers as, you're an idiot.
it features her and someone as teenagers clad in their matching red track suits.
he shoves someone off the mat.
she clumsily kisses him.
someone notices his black fingernails.
her father lights her cigarette.
the gang leader watches the witch raise an alien arm in a ritual.
snowy peers into a hallway as someone strides out of the cargo hold.
he winces.
celery green paint covers the door and a set of drawers, and seafoam blue covers the cupboards.
someone starts to gesture with it, then hurls it across the room.
she taps a popup view on screen.
below, a fighter faces a hog on a leash.
he lays his hand on her shoulder and she meets his gaze, fidgeting anxiously.
now, carrying his bike tire, someone gets stuck in smart tech's door.
now a gray cargo plane lands on an airstrip.
on earth, townspeople gawk at someone's friends as they stride up the middle of a street while carrying exposed weapons.
she pulls out a hardcover copy of her book.
a blast consumes the entryway landing, taking several men with it.
the vegetarian warily places a piece of fish in his mouth.
someone turns to the deejay.
he offers cocaine,
he hands the shirt to someone who hugs it to her chest.
someone shifts his eyes.
gun a window shattering its glass pane.
the futuristic weapon vaporizes two of the officers with beams of blue light, then swivels toward the last officer as he scrambles to open a locked door.
someone gives an amused smirk.
someone stuns someone with a throat punch.
a large globule of alcohol rises out of the bottle.
the soldiers load their equipment.
as they tread water, they bring their open mouths teasingly close.
someone sets down the flower.
a basin stands paved with the yin-yang of black and white marble.
the boxer musses his younger son's hair.
someone turns it off.
he grabs a rifle.
he spots someone entering the motel lounge.
he stands and scans the apartment.
clad in bandage-like undergarments, she appears to sleep.
baby face turns his back to the vehicle as its glaring headlights draw closer.
someone struts toward us, dressed in his someone disguise.
someone opens up a glowing capsule.
someone and blond carry their surfboards down the street.
someone tosses the mallet away.
lined up to start, someone boogies.
a sign on its stern reads, weehawken ferry.
back lit by the candle, the sheer fabric offers a thinly veiled view of someone stepping out of her dress.
who wears a patch over one eye.
she opens a tall safe standing against a wall.
the doctor hits a large button on the wall.
she briefly lowers her gaze.
they continues along the plain passing the slain bodies of someone's gang.
someone does a high, rapid back flip, and slams to the ground.
seeing someone throw an arm around his son's shoulder, she takes a deep warm-hearted breath.
the teen takes out his cellphone and reads a text message from someone, happy new year.
he makes a phone call.
later, someone arrives at a restaurant.
the middle aged someone faces his guest with a careworn gaze.
the boys give chase.
she caresses his cheek with her thumb.
they look into each other's eyes, and their lips meet again.
he turns away from the stairs and drops to his knees.
seeing no one, he gives a disappointed look.
he exits the car, and enters a large hangar.
someone blinks then arches his brow and shakes his head.
the escalade pulls away.
lying on the charred ground, someone and someone stand.
she puts her head on someone' shoulder.
he picks up a rolled-up blueprint from inside the crate.
someone gets up on his knees, bends over, and paddles both hands in synchronized strokes.
holding his cell phone at arm's length.
rushing through the apartment,
in the transport, a soldier aims a pistol at someone.
someone steps out of the apartment building and peers morosely at the rain-pelted street.
sobbing, someone shakes his head.
someone drives along the freeway listening to someone's period mix.
now at a greasy spoon, someone douglas interviews someone luther king jr. on a black and white tv.
turning, he finds himself facing the completely submerged ship.
wearing a long black leather coat, goateed someone fury, a tall bald man with an eye patch over his left eye, gazes up at someone.
he dabs his tears with real cash from the monopoly board.
someone and the others step out, then the door slides shut, leaving someone alone with the old man.
he relives someone murdering her.
someone's face falls and he glances away.
he spots two guys moving a chair.
someone stares dully as the main components around him part.
someone again, he lowers his befuddled gaze.
condensation beads on its flat topped metallic surface.
one of the arms performs a precision cut with a laser.
agent someone reluctantly takes it out of his breast pocket.
the boys sprint across a playground toward the house.
someone frowns at the cup in his hand, then puts it to his ear.
later, as it travels along a winding road overlooking the mountains, someone and his student ride on the rear-facing back seat.
a shelf holds books on genealogy.
he twirls his right hand as if spinning a lasso.
the narrator hurries for an abandoned hatchback on the grassy median.
someone pulls away.
the man shrugs his brow noncommittally.
she faces him sadly as he approaches.
she digs her cell from her purse and answers.
he trots upstairs.
they both stare ahead somberly.
someone hides it behind his back.
other balls shift and someone turns to them.
he sits down at the table and shows her a notebook.
furrowing his brow, the inspector opens the vent and peers inside.
someone tosses off her headset and covers her eyes.
he gives a taunting lunge.
he puts on lipstick and press on nails.
at the other end, he spots someone standing outside the auditorium,
he gives him a man hug.
a woman dj addresses the cheering fans.
later, they haul someone into the field office.
her melancholy face falling out of view.
someone imagines teresa chewing her gum and popping a bubble.
eventually, they near a large angular citadel, humed from black rock.
filming himself in the mirror, he lowers his arms from the camera and lets it hover in front of him.
in the airlock, a hatch rises.
thrown off balance by the recoil, someone trips over a log and tumbles backwards through a crevice into a subterranean cave.
now as someone climbs into an attic.
now a rain-drenched window shows someone working leather in her room.
then notices a murder listed as two years later
he deflects a second hug.
kneeling with his arms around the injured man, someone lifts his gaze to someone's viewfinder.
someone appears on screen.
a dress flips over a curtain rod, and an employee brings another one.
he gets out of the car with a small bag and shuts the door.
with his right eye, someone stares at someone, then turns and leaves.
the three companions face the stage.
moving gingerly, someone gets to his feet.
she pulls out someone's red song journal.
someone knits her brow and follows him inside.
someone sees him off.
someone pulls the emergency brake and as he spins, the rocket soars over his flatbed and strikes a garbage truck.
he reaches a hairpin curve and follows it onto a street canopied with lush trees.
now, a magazine clipping features a model with a poufy updo.
he crosses his arms and feels his back for wings.
he gives a smile.
as the american admiral and russian captain observe resignedly, someone fires a bullet at someone's helmet.
she sips from a teacup as the bespectacled banker punches numbers into a calculator.
into a slender pouch on the birds leg and releases it.
he reaches into his pouch, pulls out his cat away canister, and presses the nozzle button.
he sullenly lowers himself into a chair, across from the captain.
as the team ventures in, holographic monitors each show the captain a crew member's computerized helmet view.
the shattered pieces dissolve into smoke.
a group of them lie across the branch.
someone descends another shaft.
she makes a spurting motion.
someone sighs, shifts his gaze to the coin, and grits his teeth.
now, in the command truck, someone approaches the construction worker.
among them, someone aims a gun at someone's head.
the someone stands by uncomfortably.
two lines carve onto the ice as the invisible someone skates out.
the girder trapping someone falls and he steps around the someone to face him.
someone's dark-haired buddy goes through the newly receive mail.
by her open laptop, a printer ejects a page headed, subway system access tunnels.
someone smiles a bit.
expressionless, someone and allen stare at someone.
he leans her over a worktop.
geraldine glances at the oblivious woman, then hooves her way upstairs.
he grabs someone's leg and reels into the urn,
inching around some stray pigeons, the boy climbs a stepladder beside the mechanism and switches on a lightbulb hanging from a chain.
now at a park, someone telekinetically lifts a rock off the grass and skips it across the lake.
the view swings to someone who dabs his bloody nose.
the boy earnestly presses his fist to his open palm.
someone surveys his surroundings.
she sucks her thumb, but keeps working, cutting the thread with her teeth.
little someone beams as they pull onto the grounds.
someone leans forward on the table and shovels in the last of the steak.
later a woman in a bikini swims the breaststroke in a glass bottom pool, which serves as a foyer ceiling.
someone eyes the staring crowd.
someone closes the door as she leaves.
someone strides back to his bucket, picks it up and splashes water in the sleeping men.
someone steps further in, studying the sculpted face.
an eraser hits him and he jolts awake.
now, the girl sleeps soundly in her bed.
red rings of energy swirl around him and shoot off like discs.
the mechanical giant looms over someone, and opens its visor.
the pilot fires up the burner.
someone greets a couple of passing friends, then beams at someone.
now someone returns home to find bare walls and empty shelves.
with a scowl at someone and someone, he extends it over the moat.
she snatches another fan from a dancer.
someone watches sadly as he strolls down the hallway with his hands in his pockets.
someone smiles and strolls off around a corner.
someone watches two sailors moving frantically below with flashlights.
she runs to the crashed x-jet.
two piglets fly through the air using their floppy ears
he crosses his heart.
someone nervously holds still.
with the piece of tape still covering his mouth, he sits up
wearing dark framed glasses, someone sits on her bed and reads.
as holloway's fiery body falls face first and lies still,
pulling away slightly.
someone holds a crossbow.
the beam lingers on the six floating discs.
he sits with him.
lying in his bed, someone opens his eyes.
he finds all of the birds in his bed.
the wounded mutant hits the sand, belly down.
he sits the baby on the scooter.
furrowing her brow she places one hand over her face then brushes back her hair and blinks away tears.
swinging his spear, someone knocks someone to the floor.
he posts the newly found photo beneath someone's picture.
someone extends his hand.
to one side lies a large ranch style house and a tennis court.
she looks around and sees a silhouetted couple kissing.
the student retrieves his jacket and whirls it around his shoulders.
his father glances over his shoulder, then stares off glumly.
across the street someone walks alone.
they stand in a line, all holding hand
elsewhere, someone picks up clothes off the floor as someone steps into his bedroom.
turning on a flat screen tv, he sits on a couch with a bowl of cereal.
on her way up the front steps, she glances back.
under someone's earnest gaze, someone blinks heavily and looks away.
outside, choppers fly toward the mothership.
now, a man rides a bicycle down the street, the back of his bike piled high with plastic containers.
he walks to the flag, picks it up, and then hands it to the corporal.
with a smile she brushes past him.
opening her mouth, she kisses him hungrily.
rushing forward, someone kicks at him.
someone opens the casket revealing someone inside.
her smile grows into a radiant grin
the instructor sits at the piano and nods.
they venture towards a faint light in the distance.
someone plucks a piece of glass from the wound in his knee.
holding someone's sword, someone shifts his eyes thoughtfully, then gives a nod.
someone drops it on the ground and stomps on it repeatedly, smashing it to pieces.
in the desert, someone smiles as a funnel cloud forms overhead.
later, we watch through a doorway, as father and son eat at the dining room table.
someone dives into the water.
the gaunt man stands by his iv pole.
while someone bounces a ball off a wall, someone crouches facing someone.
on the ground struggling to breath, someone watches, heaving a sigh.
she shows a plaque.
he looks at gilbert.
both men look up and stare.
an illuminated logo shows a dark pink dome-shaped flower over the words lotus hotel and casino.
it gets up and runs on as those ahead dart out of view.
he leads her by the hand.
someone accepts the candy ring, and grins down at it.
she weaves around it without breaking speed.
meanwhile, someone climbs the stairs to the dressing room.
at school a pretty teacher in bookish glasses leads a class.
they hide behind a panel of scenery then retreat as men push the dragon puppet along on a track.
he points at the course book.
using chalks and a long ruler,
they separate and gaze into each other's eyes.
he eyes her flatly and she forces a grin.
a tech wearing glasses stands behind him.
the penguins dive on their bellies, using the wet floor to slide down the long, sloping, continuous spiral.
as the helmsman spins the ship's wheel, someone runs onto the deck and shoots a flare into the night sky.
someone yanks him out of the balloon.
stepping outside someone spots its headlights over a ridge.
now, someone approaches the black suv.
he grabs his surfboard.
in a doctor's office, someone slips off her panties from under a hospital gown and shoves them in her bag.
someone runs over to someone.
he briefly creases his lips.
someone stands and slices the car door in half with a whip.
in his home office, someone slips the bottom page out from under his manuscript and feeds it into the carriage.
someone tackles someone, who knocks someone away.
his pale hand twitches, stroking the furry bedspread
he gets off the van and then heads to an alley way.
frowning someone snatches his watch back from the nun, who both make the sign of the cross.
someone steps outside with his shirt tucked in and a nametag on his chest.
he snatches the bottle then chugs from it and spits vodka overhead.
someone blocks a strike then hits someone in the face.
nearing a giant statue in the center of the room, she spots a handsome african-american man reading.
she swings him into a fireplace and they both tumble to the ground.
she takes a framed photo from a shelf and stares down at it.
he pretends to turn someone back to face him, and simulates oral sex, moving his head up and down.
the somber gorilla sniffs the air.
a potbellied security guard watches him pass.
inside the facility, escaped prisoners fire on a group of guards as explosions rip through the compound.
pulling it on, he lifts his eyes to a framed black-and-white photo of his wife on the dresser.
it is in fact a grizzled old man wearing a bear skin with the head still attached.
she heads over.
her widely spread arms are chained to the headboard.
smirking, someone swivels away and walks toward an old pickup parked nearby.
onstage, the nurses roll someone along in the chair.
he lingers a moment then heads inside.
now someone runs a hand through her hair as she walks up the walk to her front door.
as he sits beside her, she shifts her gaze away
he gradually manages to collect himself.
someone groggily wakes up and finds his suite trashed.
someone looks up from his book.
as someone props her cheek on her hand, someone watches her solemnly.
as she pulls away, he holds on to her hand.
two mountains frame a distant view of fast motion traffic on a highway.
someone and his three cohorts sit and
the teacher regards him with a concerned gaze.
riding with someone, she beams.
she keeps her eyes cast down as her classmates smile.
someone notes their perplexed grins.
someone arrives on the stage, kneels, and removes her violin from its case.
the driver closes the bus door.
she tosses the sim card on the floor.
someone shifts her concerned gaze away.
now in a ring, someone faces an african-american boxer.
which shows off her thick blond hair.
someone rolls her eyes and storms out.
spinning his hammer, someone leaps high into the air.
a red stamp reads, final notice.
someone listens intently.
the chain locked gate yields easily.
his fingers drift appraisingly down the visitor's temples.
his brow furrowed, someone faces someone with glistening eyes.
he glances at the house as another pig follows.
someone gives a relieved nod.
the boat tips and the cook falls off.
someone leans back.
reversing, someone whips around and drives off with a determined stare.
ending the call, he braces both hands on the counter and leans over breathlessly.
his display reads, "unknown number."
he goes.
someone retreats to the boat's stern, sits on the rear seat and leans his face over the water.
in expectations, she hugs him in thanks for the architecture of happiness, not in reality.
he slows then stops.
she covers her face.
he notices his own penguin watching him.
a simpleton springs out.
on the deck, beast throws someone over a railing, but the devilish mutant teleports and tackles him.
she strides out to the crowd.
he stands and grabs the basket of strawberries.
he reads the letter, using the light from a nearby window.
someone takes notes atop the cliff.
someone looks down then back at someone.
in the stall, someone drops the bag on the toilet.
he dials 911, keeping his gaze straight ahead.
she stands and faces him.
someone spies on the couple as they head off.
as the young man aims his shotgun at it, someone yanks it open.
now an oven door opens, revealing two pans of lasagna.
with a raised eyebrow someone looks around as he slowly chews, then grins merrily.
someone saunters off, idly checking his knuckles.
someone moves ahead into a small clearing, then turns and hurls the shield into a treetop.
someone looks on calmly.
someone staggers to a halt and drops to his knees.
the teen gives her a weary smile then leans over the side of the boat.
he fills it from his bottle.
and gives it a squeeze.
as he gazes at her, thumbing her hair around her ear, she meets his gaze and smiles.
she pauses at the threshold, gazing out over the countryside.
reaching a chest-high wall at its edge, they peer down at the street
someone holds it in place with his own hand.
smiling someone shrugs.
a lone dark shape appears on the water ahead.
someone and someone enter the bank.
a bullet pierces the glass and hits a photo of someone with president someone w. bush.
later, he squints as he snips a plastic container.
later he writes.
striding up to someone, someone kicks the timekeeper's gun aside.
larrys eyes glisten in a helpless stare.
wearing hazmat suits, her men feed hoses into the vault as others enter with flashlight-mounted spraying devices.
exiting the room she sets it on a table.
peeking out, someone notices the small forklift.
she rises to her feet, now, someone finds someone sitting in the corner of an equipment room.
the guards chase them.
you cut it here, this is the heart.
shaking his head slightly, someone grips two handles on the sides of the small casket and picks it up.
he reaches for his wallet.
someone follows someone into his office.
she strolls along the street outside, her shoulders hunched.
an airborne view orbits the huge white letters.
as someone paddles out over the swells,
falling back he pulls someone down with him.
someone and someone gaze off in different directions avoiding eye contact.
she sets a heavy backpack at her feet.
as a giant wave rolls over the teen, a surfing buddy with longer hair faces someone solemnly.
someone draws a slash through the stickman.
from a distance, the crystalline pylon almost disappears against the cloudy sky.
he lifts someone up in a big hug.
he turns a wheel near a gate.
he steps through the wide-open gate and swings it shut behind him.
later she enters her apartment.
later, she sucks on a lollipop
someone rushes outside and answers his phone.
he moves through an array of crowded shacks.
the bounty hunter signs a form and the cop at the desk shakes his head incredulously.
someone hurls cash at the dancers onstage.
facing someone, he extends the middle finger.
she pulls them all into a hug.
a view through a helmet camera shows a few of the team exploring the cavernous space.
as it passes, we glimpse someone riding shotgun.
as they follow their daughter's gaze, the parents' smiles fade.
someone rips off his hood.
she ends the call.
he leans far out, clinging to the mast.
someone returns fire, then runs away.
someone stops, looking down.
someone kisses his car.
three women greet them.
he enters an empty room.
as she strides into an adjacent dining room and disappears from view
it shows him holding a boy.
as someone enters someone casually turns away.
gorilla then glances upward.
someone and someone watch her exit quickly.
the narrator edges back as he looks on, his chest heaving.
someone covers a half-eaten salad.
he crosses a room on the other side.
someone stop short and finding someone gone.
he rushes across a busy street without her.
the man walks out of the room, dressed in a black suit and sporting dark glasses under a pilot's cap.
the aging man removes his helmet.
the mustached man and a cohort pull on ski masks and grab guns.
he glances sideways at the automaton and grins.
he picks up his briefcase and follows the man through the partition doors.
she pauses eyeing the door, then glances back at her sleeping lover in the bedroom.
as they kiss, she wraps her legs around him.
just inside, someone stands with someone and two other auburn-haired beauties.
someone begins to quiver.
someone's eyes widen and he lowers his remorseful gaze.
someone spins her away, then pivots gracefully underneath their arms.
they head to another barred door and glance inside a safe deposit room.
she averts her flirtatious gaze and sips a cup of coffee.
the hulking man leans to someone's ear.
swaying to the music, someone trades a look with someone.
as he turns away, two of them run out.
glaring lividly, someone smacks his arm.
someone grabs him.
someone backs up toward the holding cell door, he shakes the rifle as it runs out of ammunition.
as she runs out, a model is being photographed at the entrance.
someone continues to clean his dingy workroom.
pressing his back against a wall, he swallows hard.
later, a clock on the wall reads 1:15.
someone opens his new book, the girlfriend.
following their guidance, the teacher climbs out of the car.
a stylish brunette woman in a white dress, crosses the front porch of a colonial plantation home, and greets arriving guests as she passes.
she exits past her shy daughter-in-law.
he crouches and gently grabs someone's arm.
someone gives a tearful sympathetic nod.
someone frowns at her glowering son, then glances over her shoulder.
he quickly takes off his jacket and hides it beneath a giant gourd in a pile of items just outside the door.
the tall man slaps the manager's rear.
she watches them with a doleful look.
aiming the gun inside the vehicle, someone peeks through the escalade's open driver's window then yanks open the rear door and checks the back.
someone show his hands.
someone lowers his stare and swallows.
a passenger jet passes between the teens.
someone leans over someone pausing inches from his face.
on their way down, the penguins trip a couple and rip off a woman's dress.
someone and the thugs lean forward, watching intently.
someone joins him.
someone takes off her sweater and dress and drops them on the floor.
someone picks up the sheet music.
the cart carries his family and many belongings.
in someone's room, someone dumps a pile of demo cds on the bed.
lanky robber cover a shelving unit.
someone follows her into the bedroom and someone goes downstairs.
someone glares, shifting his jaw.
with a nervous look, he glances back at someone then starts toward the ring.
she jams a gun into his cheek.
he faces someone and extends a pointing finger.
his back to someone, someone hangs up.
he looks at more shimmering blood on his palm and makes a fist.
the passenger side is unguarded.
the boys hurry to the window.
snowy leaps up onto a map table and snarls at a rat nibbling on a sandwich.
cameron leads someone and his brother onward.
wearing her long dark dress, someone walks along the main street.
over the score board, a big screen's kiss cam shows someone reclining for someone's bowed head and jerking arm motions.
now, they face a coat check counter.
someone and master someone look on intently.
he strides off.
the explosion tears into the floor and churning fire surges through the crawl space.
a curtain separates, revealing an orgy.
she enters her ransacked studio apartment, then drops her purse and hurries into the bathroom.
the man leaves and shuts the door.
someone strolls over to someone's upside-down car and slices it in half with a whip.
she self-consciously brushes her bangs out of her eyes.
he stabs the farmer's hand.
someone drops his gaze, and someone studies him with a warm smile.
he adjusts the chair into its reclined position.
pulling back, he gazes solemnly into her eyes.
at night alone at home, someone smokes a cigarette on her couch.
go someplace safe and wait for me.
someone looks at her mother and they share a smile.
a boy holding a soda cup runs out in front of them.
she puts one hand around his neck.
rinsing her mouth with water, she spits again, nearly hitting a passerby.
as he demonstrates, she copies him.
someone looks up from the page and peers in someone's direction.
gaping, someone glances around and spots someone racing down the street.
it reads, certavi et vici byrnes.
several policemen take him away.
someone averts her eyes.
leaning forward, someone scowls with a black eye.
a wider view shows people strolling the plaza around the 40-foot high sculpture.
someone tosses a basketball.
later, the man hugs the woman from behind.
doffing his hat, someone steps forward.
the muscle-bound someone steps out.
someone and someone keep watching from the hill.
someone goes to his saddle bag.
someone stops carving the chicken and turns in someone's direction still holding her knife.
molding, kirkland house.
it douses the charge and engulfs him.
someone lowers her gaze, then looks up and gives an amused roll of the eyes.
in a backyard in california he ziplines.
a craggy gray bearded man holds a lantern above someone's father.
a woman sitting beside someone uses her laptop.
two veins throb in someone's forehead as someone drags him toward the surface.
as the train nears the burning bridge, someone eyes the blaze from the locomotive.
someone reluctantly raises his hand and glares at the winged clerk.
a train leaves hedestad station where a clock reads 4:30.
teams of rowers paddle canoes along the rippling turquoise water.
someone glances aside then crosses to the desk and takes the page from his hand.
the businessman heads off, bumping into a woman's chair.
she stares piercingly at someone, her eyes narrowing.
later, someone pushes a wheelbarrow.
it reads, "i'm ceo, bitch.
his mouth twitches uneasily above his neatly pressed uniform shirt.
someone unfolds a wanted poster.
he jumps off the ladder and hustles over to someone, kissing her.
seen from underwater, the leis show in silhouette against the gleaming sunlight.
someone shifts his conflicted gaze.
nearby, a man starring at his exposed body clock hangs up a phone.
the bike slides out from under him.
his father flashes a hint of a smile, then nods.
someone's sister frowns after her then shakes her head and shuts the door.
he surreptitiously takes the phone, creeps toward the door leaving someone typing on her laptop by a sleeping someone.
lowers his gun, someone swipes an id through a card reader.
someone smiles behind his back as he answers his cell.
the interrogator steps out of the room.
snowy sets the bottle beside someone's bed.
someone hangs his head, someone wipes her brow.
someone finds someone sharing her bench.
leaning forward she spots men's shoes crossing the checkered floor.
someone goes next, shoving his gear in before him.
he glances at someone, then holds up the drop-pendant necklace and anxiously knits his brow.
someone shoots a finger gun into the air.
turning, he spots the suv arriving outside.
frowning, someone takes it, then flips through the paperwork.
the delivery guy goes to his car, starts the timer and drives out of the vito's pizza parking lot.
with tentative movements, he feeds the sheet of paper into the typewriter carriage.
takes the phone.
at night with the room fully furnished, someone unpacks.
someone climbs into the back of a car which rises into the air.
the tiger finishes grooming his paw and looks up.
using pliers, she removes a lid
she closes her eyes for a moment,
his eyes scan the large cluttered room.
just off a coast dotted with high-rises,
he dismisses his aging barber and watches the man go.
on a rural highway, someone passes the boys and someone, the camera shop clerk, who speed in the opposite direction.
she sips from her coffee cup.
someone pulls off his mask.
she picks up her laptop and jogs off.
on the beach, someone turns around and watches.
he flies forward, knocking a shelf over.
he leaves with a sneer.
someone and someone walk up from a subway station.
the instructor gazes out at their expectant faces, then gives an indifferent shrug.
someone falls.
he removes his khaki shirt, leaving his t-shirt on.
at an open side of the chopper, someone and someone sit facing out.
he licks his lips, and clenches his jaw.
a sleazy man with a horseshoe mustache innocently shifts his gaze.
the vampire bares his hideous fangs.
day 282 and a tap isn't working.
gazing down the road, someone sees long lines of people surging forward around the parked cars.
as someone halts and doubles over, the acolytes surround him.
from the same box, the older inmate and the sandy-haired man retrieve guns of their own.
the female masseuse hands him a phone and walks away.
she curls her neck to look at him.
tears stream down someone's cheeks.
in the doorway, the cheering kids hold their noses.
later he enters a tavern.
they surround someone and grind their hips.
she finds someone reading a newspaper.
the women dangle horizontally.
he marches up to the shed.
someone drags over a hose and waters the base of the tree.
she nods.
taking an essay test he begins an answer with a mention of someone bacon and someone hockney.
coming out of his trance, the general glare.
in short shorts she straddles his leg.
the admiral peers through his binoculars, watching the hovering jet.
he twists two wires together.
he holds a pipe and a letter, which she reads.
an airplane pin is on his lapel.
someone finds a roll of duct tape and wraps up the phone.
he wags his finger at his chin.
someone hops on to the dock, then runs and hides amid several parked vehicles marked with the hydra symbol.
we glimpse an fbi jacket as the two teams approach a pair of waiting suvs.
someone's mom opens a wooden door and leads them pass more lush plant life.
someone puffs up.
one body builder strains to curl the heavy bar.
at the ritz-carlton residences, two suited men open the front double doors for someone as she strides out,
carrying a mop and bucket, he crosses a hallway and waits for another guard to open the door.
meanwhile, someone hurries to a car guarded by armed men.
she starts to reach up but withdraws her hand as an officer arrives above her.
the panel of glued down items, underneath the find a bag of pills and marijuana.
someone shatters a glass shelf.
someone draws back an arrow.
blond approaches the door as the bully drives off and someone blocks him with his bike.
stopping his efforts, the boy gazes out the center of a clock face.
someone falls out of his chair.
he glances at someone then returns his gaze to the paintings.
someone stares at it as he rides closer.
hidden, someone spots them.
someone lingers, brushing her hair back.
someone pushes the president forward to a metal gate.
his shoulders shift beneath his crisp blue suit as he takes a few steps toward her and kisses her pale cheek.
they guzzle again.
the boxer looks around, shifting on his feet.
someone pats someone on the back.
someone's flashlight beam finds a couch and settles briefly on a big wheel tricycle.
gazing thoughtfully, she covers her mouth.
his assailant gets to his feet, using the pick-up as cover.
standing apart, someone steps forward.
someone collapses as someone whacks his head with the wig form.
as the doctor steps out, someone glances at a sign on the wall.
someone runs around to the other side of the chamber and watches the creature.
from the passenger seat, someone motions to someone to roll down the window.
someone pilots the craft into deeper water, but someone catches up and punches through its glass canopy.
he opens a display pouch and shows magic supplies.
someone pulls himself onto the ledge.
now someone walks among the knee-high mammals, waving his hand at them.
she offers the card.
clad in a wetsuit and carrying a surfboard, someone climbs over a barrier fence and takes a seat next to a brooding blond.
someone looks up from his bed and they smile.
the young boy steps back from the hole with his arms folded.
facing the beast, someone glares and shakes the spear.
tilting his head back and grinning, he pounds the desk with both hands.
someone's fearful gaze looks up.
she rips off his makeup bib.
he takes flying harness ropes off french and hooks them to his own costume.
the principal leans over the podium looking straight at him.
someone stands close by in the corridor.
he ducks through a large gear with thick spokes then races up a spiral staircase.
he extends his left foot to another crag about three feet away.
in the interrogation room, the burly agent stays put beside the open door out of the sight line of his peers who's staring.
someone lies in her makeup chair as bradford and someone stare at her.
traffic drives past the median lined with christmas trees.
the girl grins.
as the last of the bikers rides off, someone rises from someone's lap.
she steps into the cottage and he closes the door.
rows of finger-sized holes dot its lower half.
a teenage girl with long blonde hair climbs into a rainbow colored vw bus.
words appear, washington d.c. present day.
someone selects a stick of fried scorpions, and thrusts it playfully in someone's face.
he sits on the empty bench and someone feels his outstretched hand.
his rivals bang their sticks.
captain swoops to the limo and drops into its open sunroof.
she opens her exotic eyes to reveal glowing pupils.
at an intersection, he turns and follows the noise.
someone shakes his head back and forth as he strokes someone's invisible member.
a dancer bumps into her as she hurries past.
someone reaches out to her, but she turns away and continues out with someone.
someone kisses someone, then gives him a hug.
someone emerges in a white dress shirt and slicked back hair.
he opens it up and lifts out a firefighter's helmet and eye guard.
someone smiles gleefully.
standing, someone eyes the waves outside then heads into the kitchen.
she shares an elated smile with him, then faces the stage.
grabbing a towel and blanket, he wraps both around her.
her feet scramble up the brick wall, propelling her over.
he pulls a tube.
the banker reappears just long enough to strike someone's midsection.
she grabs her bags and runs out without her skirt on.
and she ambles over.
shoulders.
wearing only fins and board shorts.
someone drops his full glass of ginger beer and someone collapses behind their mother.
man in dress uniform steps up to someone.
he opens the plane's side door, looks down and shuts the door again.
now, someone and someone plunge into the water wearing diving masks, suits, and flippers.
she fills her purse with various items including one of two cell phones, then returns to the bed and gives someone a kiss goodbye.
the rockets complete their rotation.
now, as someone dons a zookeeper uniform, someone enters in one of her own.
with her free hand, she grabs the handle and yanks on it,
someone and others gather in a hotel room.
he kicks someone, sending the president back.
someone moves to her desk and sets down her date book.
the next day someone enters the investment bank and marches upstairs.
he sits up with her straddling his lap and gently flips her, lowering himself on top.
he approaches the turbaned loan officer who holds out a set of keys.
someone and the lanky robber take shallow breaths.
he glances toward the auditorium.
spectators stare and the camera man approaches.
now below the deck, two orangutans sit in a four by four cage.
someone sits at a fountain, staring at a text that reads, "ri, sorry i lied to you."
her smile fades and she walks away.
he approaches the door of the room someone entered and stops.
she watches someone try to stand, and then fall.
someone carries her heels, and she wears his jacket over her dress.
in an elevator, agent someone speaks into his radio.
someone picks up someone's notebook.
someone rejoins his co-worker.
someone looks around and tight-jawed, nods grimly.
the automaton moves its hand across the length of the page then makes a small someone, resembling the letter "j."
someone arrives in a blue satin tunic and tights.
as he arrives, someone feeds him the cookie and tousles his wet hair.
he cups his ear.
her ponytail is on fire.
he grabs her breast.
someone smiles proudly toward the mirrored window.
she marches off.
as he draws closer, he opens his mouth.
someone removes her earrings.
he points his gun at her.
the mustang crosses a truss bridge over a river.
he creates a detailed skyline on the inside of her forearm.
someone follows someone through a gate.
the young someone regards the local priest.
he pedals over grass and around grave markers.
at the pentagon, military officials watch a news report.
now, ssomeone's laptop sits on a tech support counter.
the writer takes the report.
she spanks herself.
he shoves someone inside and locks the door.
he takes the bottle.
the boy swallows nervously, then shuffles to the mat.
someone shoots him.
now, the girl wrenches herself free of the other boys, runs to the bully, and yells at him.
the tank's barrel catches someone's jacket, lifting him out of the sidecar.
later, someone strides out of the apartment.
someone turns to look as someone crawls into view.
someone gives sonia a disappointed look, then turns away.
as a roller coaster car pulls up beside him, he jumps in.
as someone takes her in his embrace,
he smiles triumphantly.
as someone stares after her, floyd shoots a quill into his forehead.
the patient's lips twitch into a wincing smile.
someone and his men, using their hostages as shields, cross to the getaway car.
he reaches for the falcon but misses, then falls into a building.
he sprays the teen in the face.
he crosses to a window and spots a van outside.
he holds up a little pouch.
turning away, someone sips her wine with a cynical smirk.
now a satellite view zooms out from the cia field office locates london, england and zooms in on saville row.
a team of puppeteers operating.
eagle soars among the tops of skyscrapers, with someone and someone riding on its back.
he raises it and she grabs a glass off a shelf and hurls it at him.
someone sniffs the drink.
in someone's basement, someone turns to see someone and someone following someone inside.
in an overgrown cemetery, two of the smoke trails meet and electrocutes the evil magician.
the wavy haired man pulls his wife across the patio and kisses her.
inching sideways, someone moves toward the far end of the minute hand, out of view of the windows.
shrugging his lips, someone nods.
the boy lazily bends forward and grabs the jacket.
as people in white robes help the passengers, a fire engine arrives.
someone's neck as he rides in the
turning it on and blinding his pursuers.
the next day, someone marches up a hill wearing a black skull cap, a tool belt, and brown work boots.
someone moves out.
the recruits watch through the window as someone releases the man in black, then disappear
someone shifts her jaw and gives a nod.
as they stare at the dark water, someone joins them.
the boy regards the rider calmly as it arrives before him.
now shirtless, the bald muscular thug waves the truck driver on, as he jaunts to the chopper.
someone pick up a phone.
growing blue and furry, the giant arm topples the table.
someone's mistress eyes her as she leaves, then turns her haughty gaze to her husband.
later, he taps on the enclosure's glass.
crosses toward the judges, someone faces jeanette.
golden sunlight glows down on her as she turns away from the phone and dons a hat.
in the light of a high bright sun, ghost rider crosses his arms over his chest.
a greyhound bus pulls over at a deserted stop.
as he walks up a sidewalk.
as he tugs again.
someone strides through the crowd, flinging bits of fruit from her drink.
he watches stoically
someone stretches out his hand, someone flies into his grasp.
he nods his head several times.
someone stares at his uncle then lowers his eyes.
he autographs it.
someone squeezes his eyes shut and pushes the magic generator button on his wand.
a bolt of lightning strikes someone who flips onto the plane's wings.
the next morning at the zoo, someone peeks into the lion enclosure and finds someone lying on his haunches.
on someone, someone watches the approaching vehicles and storm.
he raises the glass, as if to take a drink, but stops midway.
someone crosses a protective arm over her son.
someone holds his cape up.
someone turns and walks inside.
someone puts her head down.
inside the domed building, someone and his companions walk around a circular pit with a glowing disk at its bottom.
despondently bouncing a tennis ball on the floor.
someone brings plates and placemats.
someone scoops a sample of the slime from someone's hand.
someone and someone notice the track collapsing above them.
under the teacher's beaming gaze he fidgets.
up ahead, the house lies shrouded behind a cluster of mature trees.
remembering his children's bed lying empty, someone looks up at his opponent's swollen face.
he takes a case of corona and some other beer cans from the fridge, and also drains them.
someone puts on his hat and heads off in the opposite direction.
the instructor heads back in.
they stop just outside the courtyard's gate.
someone's long-haired friend looks worried.
at home, he crosses week two off his maverick's chart.
another american woman stands at a mirror.
someone leads someone out a side door then rushes back in, grabs the bowling photo, and hurries out.
she sits on a step and kicks her feet in the air.
at vanger industries someone gets on the elevator, stretches her neck and shoulders and zips up her hoodie.
someone approaches someone.
someone approaches someone,
with both hands, he brushes someone's hair away from her face,
he gives a startled turn, then stares off.
someone tackles him out the front door.
king someone lifts his gaze to the crowd.
he grimaces then picks up the can, pouring it along the length of the crack.
he hops up on the ledge.
someone asks
and puts her phone in it.
other photos show naples.
she smacks him playfully.
someone caresses their contents, then rejoins someone in bed.
he glowers at someone's poker face.
someone sits on a bed and holds a glass.
he hangs up, then shifts his gaze to someone, who examines the data tables on the digital map.
they walk off, leaving the three admirers behind.
a zapping flash blots out everything.
someone swallows, blinks her glistening eyes, then gives a stony nod.
as he returns to his car, a group of chatting mothers gazes after him.
the goat hurries upstairs.
the cube's balance ticks up to 650.
someone sits across from her.
someone and someone go upstairs to find someone with the women and children.
she saw in krishna's mouth the whole entire universe.
and run across the street toward the bank.
she nervously faces the screen, putting her back to someone.
and adjust its position on the roller.
the automaton's head returns to its normal posing as it stops.
he holds his brother's gaze then pulls the door shut.
she vacantly opens the screen door.
he goes to strike, but his arm stops mid-stab.
the limo speeds down a street in the ghetto.
she lifts her head then gets up.
he moves off.
now, fishing boats drift in a calm bay as the van follows a winding road uphill.
someone's words sink in hard.
standing over the ailing king, someone pulls one of someone's eyes open.
as the bar clears, someone sticks by the rich man's side.
an obese woman sleeps on a couch.
his mom rubs his back and cradles the nape of his neck.
a man runs in front of their humvee with his arms raised over his head.
someone and someone are at an art gallery.
now she peers dreamily out the window of a cruising bus.
smiling at someone, someone momentarily drives off the road.
she nuzzles his nose with hers.
someone nudges her with his elbow and leans in close.
pulling back someone beams at someone.
as she caresses the
standing at the window facing the mission,
a security guard sits in a windowed booth beside them.
someone stands with two boys.
someone directs a gate to lift and sprints underneath.
he rises and moves to the front of his desk.
she smoothes out her dress, fluffs her hair, and hurries to the door.
someone quickly glances down as someone grabs hold of his hand.
wearing large eyeglasses and orthodontic headgear someone pumps her fist.
her lover stirs as she climbs out of bed.
someone follow him.
someone shifts his humble gaze.
someone salaad, alone in the center of the courtyard, sits.
as someone carries the board.
accepting it, she manages a stoic nod.
now someone's scooter sits parked outside of someone's restaurant.
someone puts on his cap.
indoors, three figures step into view in a long corridor.
in a series of intricate steps, they tap their ankles, turn around, then stop, posing shoulder to shoulder.
they causally watch as someone approaches.
with a playful look, someone shifts his eyes to the bouquet of flowers then gives his girlfriend a winning grin.
they look down at her egg.
he stabs a fork at someone's hand.
standing a short distance down the street, two men in suites watch someone and someone enter a shop,
the bus driver shifts his regretful gaze away.
so does an asian woman with bleached hair.
now at the party downstairs, her mother taps the side of her wine
someone shakes his head earnestly.
he hurries behind another parked car and sees them halt on a stoop.
mrs. gould bites her lip and shifts her gaze.
someone and someone watch someone lead someone across the hallway
someone glances around then enters someone's bedroom in only her panties and tank top.
he peers down its hatch, then straightens.
they get in and drive.
later, in london, a cab pulls to a curb and someone climbs out.
he puts his hand on the virtual bible.
to someone doing paperwork and someone and someone reading books.
eyeing the penguin he cautiously crouches down and pokes its white chest.
someone marches her across the river.
so krishna opened his mouth.
someone fell over the step.
she reaches into the top shelf of a closet and pulls out a green sweatshirt.
they gulp some more.
sitting at a bar, a man thumbs a text message on the device.
each bundle fills a worker's dolly.
a smile crosses someone's lips as he passes through a brilliant shot of sunlight.
someone sets his phone on a shelf by a tub and glances at the closed door.
inside, someone faces a secretary.
someone sits alone in a vacant church.
we drift up and away from the boy as the lifeboat carries him over the ship's watery grave.
as someone watches her son walk away, someone steps up beside her.
he adjusts the guitar in his hands.
he glances around, then leans in close.
in a seat facing her.
someone waves his fat lady arms overhead.
she glances around the spacious suite and finds someone sitting at the edge of the bed, wearing a clean unbuttoned dress shirt.
now, he duct tapes the seam, flips the board over and smooths it across the other side.
the tv crew shuts off the lights and heads out of the studio.
starring into someone's eyes, someone gives a tiny nod.
at the mansions entrance, they surrender the car to a valet.
he shuts the door behind him.
as someone gazes at them, his eyes water and he works his lips.
advancing cautiously, he scans the surrounding shelves.
as someone's eyelids open and close between wakefulness and sleep, he glimpses her intermittently.
air and lands on its side in a
someone sits at a table in the center of the room.
someone drinks both glasses worth.
she meets the doctor someone.
now as the russian cargo ship glides over the ocean, someone's sub follows underwater.
they open an elevator.
someone drops his knife.
as someone leans forward and pouts her full lips, someone's cool gaze hardens even more.
she leads them back up the road, past a steady stream of people trudging in the opposite direction.
he kicks the human in the face.
the two entangled ships crash into a huge wave.
he hikes toward an inn on the other side.
the chain links glow and the rider turns his scorched flaming skull.
she dials on her mobile, then holds it to her ear.
someone topples a stack of boxes, knocking them in front of his pursuers.
the servant presents a liquor bottle.
he struggles to his feet.
on the rooftop, someone completes the lateral split.
she finds a note on the bed reading, michelle, it was fun.
in the film, young someone waves both hands as he squirms in his mother's lap.
someone ignites the flamethrower, setting holloway on fire.
now, in the darkness, the dorm supervisor uses a flashlight to lead
nearing the top, she finds pepe's shattered sunglasses lying on the second floor, inches from his limp hand.
someone ducks as the inspector stretches back his arms, then hides behind the pillar as the inspector turns his head.
someone cocks his head, curiously.
she reemerges.
someone finds someone waiting for her.
he gives the fbi agent a cold smirk.
looking down at his own, he flips them over to reveal an eight and a four.
she takes down a guard.
are you touching yourself?
someone lifts her over his shoulder and carries her down the sidewalk.
someone's brow furrows, then he smiles.
someone soaks her feet in bubbling water.
the white robed official extends a hand.
as they speed forward, shoving against each other, someone spots an suv headed straight for the thug's vehicle.
he tears up.
a view of a bustling sidewalk shows two girls walking arm in arm.
two dancers wear light-satin corsets with black spirals at the breasts.
someone gets out.
now, the teacher leads the group along a stone-railed walkway overlooking the courtyard.
someone turns his face skyward.
they enter a vip section.
someone and someone tumble over a sofa to get away, then split up.
someone's parted lips show a chipped front tooth.
someone sees off a trendy couple, then withdraws into the apartment and shuts the door.
she presses a button on the square component and a red light illuminates.
someone pokes his head into the bathroom.
as someone stands, he leans over with his mitts propped on his knees.
she glances up from her schoolwork and winces.
they make brief eye contact, then someone rides away.
the prisoner starts to enter the cell then pauses.
lying on the ground someone pulls down his waistband, revealing a dark bruise.
it knocks the bully down, but he does an instant kick-up to his feet.
someone looks at someone and grins.
now, a child's drawing shows a coiled cobra with a fanned hood.
as he walks off, she grabs more books from the clearance table.
someone sits in the car with a pen and a slip of paper.
now, an aerial view soars over the great wall winding along a lush mountain ridge.
now, someone joins someone in the yearbook room.
someone tugs on the door handle, which sticks, then gives.
on a table beside it, she spots a half-eaten sandwich and an unfinished beer.
someone steps forward and kisses her.
someone aims his weapon at her, its tip stopping within inches of her throat.
someone and someone watch them.
someone draws something on a placemat then holds it up to someone.
he stares at the dark spatters, then stands.
someone lays it aside and regards the velveteen.
someone unrolls a bandage and dresses someone's wound.
sitting down, he dials, then lifts the phone to his ear.
someone grimly touches the bull statue.
he shifts his delighted gaze.
went into the bedroom and gives a mischievous grin.
the assistant sheepishly meets his gaze.
someone extends his hands toward it.
they spot the googly-eyed dog.
they see someone on the staircase landing.
she slips on high heels, then walks to her car.
two native american kids sit on the porch tormenting a tied up donkey,
the angel's eyes bulge, glimpsing a barrage of images - war, money, riots, napalm, a seductive woman.
inside, he looks over a display of various pies near the cashier.
as bullets strike the roof, the searchlights wash over someone.
arriving outside a factory, someone goes to a coffee cart with the drink prices listed digitally in minutes and seconds.
he walks with an older man wearing sunglasses.
secretary opens the door and someone enters.
on screen, a satellite zooms in on someone's vehicle as it pulls over to the side of the road.
sitting on his throne, someone strokes his chin.
someone slashes someone's face.
someone in pajamas rodrigo lights another sparkler, leans back in his chair and watches it burn.
she draws a slip two inches.
he steps forward in his earmuff heat and gymnastics sweatshirt.
he finds someone and someone swaying on their knees before the chanting acolytes.
someone reaches for someone's leg but she smacks his hand away.
a motionless someone watches, slack-jawed, as the boy bounces around excitedly.
cooking in her kitchen, someone gets a text: mind if i hang with the guys?
someone kisses someone on the cheek.
he soars back toward the empire state building his shoes' wings beating furiously.
someone winces queasily and someone clutches a hand to her mouth.
his friend glances up from his drink.
with a bowl of hash sitting in front of him, someone paces.
someone notices dolphin figurines all around the office and photos of the principal swimming with dolphins.
he shoves the boy, then envelops him in a proud embrace.
she passes into a low-ceilinged room bisected by the crumbling wooden skeleton of a wall.
a soldier griping a rifle opens the door.
prince someone drops to one knee and prayerfully folds his hands.
the beam cuts off the top half of a huge file cabinet as someone points the beam at the center of the core.
she gives a bright firm nod.
the bully's expression hardens and he raises his fists.
he brakes when he sees news crews outside the farm house.
someone crouches beside someone and puts a hand on him.
sharon holds out a black handbag.
a train glides up.
panels featuring newsreels and headlines fill the screen.
and twirling the slender telescope between his fingers,
someone rubs his hands together, inhales through them, and dashes off.
later, he bends at the waist and worms his way out of the mail hauberk.
turning it over, he pulls out a thin purple extension.
in one corner, and empty armchair faces a tv that plays a home movie of someone with one of her babies.
he speeds off.
someone sits patiently at a counter, looking out toward the bank.
now, in someone otherwise vacant living room, the tall man stands at a snack table,
as the detective enters, the hostages look at him.
on the other end, someone stands at a payphone.
as more hydra soldiers converge on him, someone throws his shield which bounces off an armored vehicle and knocks a trooper in the head.
someone struggles against his bonds, then lies still.
another man slaps a file down next to an ashtray.
he cautiously looks down the hall then steps into a dark apartment.
a man emerges from the roof with an rpg and aims at someone.
now, in the hospital, someone lies beside a bandaged and bruised someone.
they both pat his face.
he races through the woods pushing tree branches aside as he goes.
her dog pulls her away from the cafe.
she contorts, struggling to fit her long limbs inside.
the bearded man grins.
someone unties the fabric wrapping and finds a white uniform.
entering the vault cage, they take a quick look at the stacks of money.
they descend.
the shadows of falling leaves sweep across someone.
an auburn-haired dancer waves coyly.
finger and he grins.
leaning against the door frame, she steps forward and extends a hand.
now he stretches his legs.
the choppers appear puny, like hornets before an elephant.
the aircraft tumbles to a stop and lies belly up.
he turns the key, steps back beside someone, and smiles at her.
at the construction site, the couple adds a plywood board to a wall.
later, someone stokes their stove.
as they separate, someone opens her eyes and gazes at someone.
she gestures at the bedding, then strides to the curtains toward her bed.
including a photo of him giving a lion a ride in a vintage race car.
someone and his friends dismount and walk up to the motionless sentinel.
then turns slowly towards the door where someone is standing, tears in her eyes.
someone gives someone his jacket.
ending the call, he notices her nervous gaze.
she enters a store.
inside, the owner greets the family.
drawing closer, he sees someone inside feeding the penguins.
he were on a swing.
from a window, someone scans the quad with his binoculars.
later, a woman gives someone a manicure.
someone holds his rifle upright.
stopping at the storefront's glass door, he unlocks it and heads inside.
someone holds up his hands and shakes his head, then leaves.
someone lifts the back of her shirt over her head and lets it fall under her chin.
he grins broadly.
a disco ball hangs from the high-arched ceiling, twinkling with light.
she awakens and smiles.
she stares wide-eyed and her lips stammer.
now as someone holds up a lipstick sign at the airport, she sees someone's gq flash mob ad on a kiosk.
with the animal distracted, someone starts to climb from the prow.
someone freezes then turns and walks in the opposite direction.
a man watches someone from a parked car, and speaks into his cell phone.
he rubs his gloved fingers against each other cleaning the dust from them.
later, they play a game of tag.
someone and someone sit back down.
someone approaches the colonel.
someone returns a grin.
someone scurries across the kitchen and launches himself against the plastic cat door flap.
we watch the falling car exploding on impact, then look up at our savior.
someone and other men wearing helmets and orange coveralls walk alongside a chain-link fence by the roadway.
a naked little girl with blue scaly skin, bright-yellow eyes, and slick dark-red hair that flips outward just above her shoulder.
the taxi driver eyes her suspiciously in his rear view mirror as she destroys it.
now someone watches titanic.
she shoves him into a taxi.
someone nods, and steps away.
someone stares wide-eyed at her computer screen.
he picks his way carefully over the rocky floor and joins the woman at her side.
leaving the room in total darkness, but for the alarm clock which reads 11:56.
someone looks on with a tray of empty glasses.
the foursome look patiently out to sea where another swell begins to build.
someone walks on a tiled floor through a large airy old office building
in the sitting room, someone dances.
holding the boy in a grave stare, he indicates a coin sitting on the desk before him..
he looks across the track and sees a wolf.
he frees up a hand and grabs a shaker off the table to season his eggs.
his jaw sags and his eyes fill with tears as he notices it's a diamond engagement ring.
someone stares then swaps awkward smiles with saskia.
as she turns the corner, someone reaches the white door frame at the bottom of the stairs.
he takes a few deep breaths, then removes a gold ring and sets it on the sink.
his puzzled eyes fixed on his enigmatic partner.
they drive onward, keeping their fists in the air.
as he raises his glass to his lips, the other two follow suit, swapping uneasy looks.
someone shifts his indignant gaze.
someone averts his embarrassed gaze.
furrows his brow then sets the computer on his lap.
paying, he struggles to reach the money past her grasping figure.
she shoves her arms into the sleeves of a sweater draped over her shoulders.
she spots the book and grins.
flashing headlights fill our view.
unsure what to say, someone half turns toward someone
someone blows her nose.
he sits on his board, adjusting his hood.
she writes on a chalkboard in front of them.
the big screen shows a point awarded to someone.
snowy hangs from a rope tied to someone.
later, someone uses a bucket to bail water from the boat.
as someone throws a punch, someone blocks him.
in his mirror, he sees the armored truck right on his tail.
he holds a smartphone.
someone curls his tongue.
later, someone folds a robe in her bedroom while her husband pours tea at a small table.
on earth, someone stares at black-haired someone, as their research vehicle strikes a man before skidding to a halt.
we do not stop when our enemy is down.
on the calendar, a young hand marks an x through july 6th.
he pops up as it crests beneath him.
she storms away.
and smooths the fur on its head.
someone watches, then eyes the other smiling girls.
in the movie house, someone watches the screen with a furrowed brow.
they pass under a bridge followed by a small motor boat.
flames lick his cheek and burst from his eye socket.
she fakes a knowing look.
now, someone and his friends exit the bus and join a group of older students.
young couples dance together elegantly.
he lifts his excited gaze to someone.
he makes her rub him.
they kiss hungrily.
the guys writhe in pain among the someone.
blue and orange flame swirl from the blast point, wrapping around the pillar as someone cowers behind.
someone takes the drawing.
shifting his calculating gaze, master someone returns to the sidelines.
someone reaches for someone's helmet.
at the front door, someone stands on the landing as someone faces him from the doorway.
looking up, someone bolts for the door.
they stand with friends in a gallery.
the door swings open to reveal someone and someone in their ape masks.
his mouth hanging open slightly.
someone struggles to hang on to the scrolls.
someone kisses him and drapes her arms around his shoulders.
he grabs a towel and wraps his arm.
outside the mission, the crowd converges around the proprietor, who dispenses time from the stolen cartridge.
outside the restroom, someone tosses cash at some patrons.
he smiles back.
she smiles, springs up, and greets him with a hungry kiss.
staggering over, the narrator plugs him once more.
from a distance we watch a cloaked, hooded figure walk over a rocky bank to the waters rim.
they land on the grass.
it bears a semi-circular emergency release handle.
later, a door to the rink opens.
accompanied by a small team of associates, he meets someone warren and his men.
someone gets up.
in slow motion, someone eyes the open basket then looks at bailey's disheartened expression.
under someone's cold stare he takes the knife from his coat and drops it on the counter.
the armed bodyguards follow him closely.
someone rumples her lips.
someone gives him a warm smile.
they fail to notice the russians' mercedes.
now, back in the waiting room.
his mother sweetly mouths the word "please".
now, an enclosed walkway stands built into a high cliff face.
they pass rows of frosted glass windows, then arrive at an apartment with shoddily whitewashed brick walls.
he staggers back and forth.
his raft floats atop the churning water.
they fought playful shoves.
as someone steps away, someone's glare follows him.
someone surfs the wave just ahead of the white water.
carved reliefs of bound, emaciated men flank a tall fireplace.
she stops just short of him,
someone and someone each look to someone who shakes her head.
he opens the garage door revealing an elaborate contraption of pipes, hoses, tanks, valves, and buckets.
the camera view rose to someone who returns a stoic look.
someone locks eyes with someone, then turns and shakes her head.
they park, lights out.
later, they drive down the cleared lane.
straightens then draws a sketch of shakespeare on a chalkboard.
someone offers him water.
someone and his brutish henchmen run out beside her, each armed with an enormous rifle.
the tall windows show a fog-enshrouded city outside,as they cross the room.
in a security room, a guard reads a newspaper, ignorning several monitors set up before him.
someone sips from her glass and idly smoothes her hair, then notices the gift on the coffee table.
a zoomed in image clarifies, revealing the shadowy face of the driver.
she wakes and gets up groggily.
now he knocks on a door.
now in a large house with walls of exposed stone, someone dances awkwardly among his chatting guests.
now, he descends a half moon spiral staircase, crossing a floors elevator lobby to another flight.
d'artagnan comes downstairs.
someone catches the pipe mid-swing, grabs someone by the crotch, and throws him into another wall.
his bully accosts him.
as someone races into a hair salon.
someone walks his fingers up someone's arm.
facing a full-length mirror, someone gawks at someone's reflection as she pulls off her pants.
he plunges into the water behind someone and wraps his arms around him.
she turns on to her side, adjusting the pillow under her head
he picks up his shield and slides it onto his left forearm.
a black box covers his genitals.
family photos cover a shelf.
someone adjusts his wrist watch.
someone tucks a sprig under his wrist and lays a hand fondly upon his.
someone's arched eyebrows knit and his eyes narrow.
sister kisses him tenderly.
the crust rounded front gives a hint of wind-eroded carving of a face.
someone and someone go into someone's apartment.
she steps past her boss and leaves the room.
moving in slow motion, someone blows a kiss to a stranger.
the general runs, gripping a pistol.
he narrowly misses a sedan.
as he creeps past an island counter he pauses at a set of knives.
a deck hand brings the board and the photographer hands it down to someone.
he lowers himself onto his hands and knees and peers under the dresser.
she gazes out at the view as he shuffles over to her.
the charging roughneck mows someone down.
as she goes to the podium, someone brings out a tray of salads.
inside, someone intercepts someone as he comes downstairs.
on-screen, the pilot's suit sparks.
her cell shows a photo of someone.
in the sitting room, someone swings a golf club, practicing her drives.
he looks his son in the eye and gives a small nod.
someone flops onto the couch and take his sunglasses off.
someone watches, slack-jawed, as the kung fu master hobbles into his living room.
ignoring him, someone takes a long sip of his drink through a straw.
someone presses a button on the wall intercom.
he holds the dismembered bits frozen in the air.
he sets his jaw.
and someone rows alone.
reaching the kitchen, she bursts into tears.
now a film shows a man and boy descending a spiral staircase on the eiffel tower.
someone slows his spin to a stop then let's his victim sink to the ground.
someone squares her chin and swallows hard.
his face glistening, someone edges back.
now on someone's balcony, sister wearing a white feather-trimmed robe, holds a drink as she reads a magazine.
she grabs a vodka bottle from the freezer.
someone leaps and tackles someone out of the street as the cab rushes past.
someone crouches down to find another egg.
the focus shifts as someone places a magnet of a missile on top of cuba.
keeping his watchful gaze fixed on philip, someone approaches and sits beside him.
rushing from the building, he runs across the street to agent someone.
the eavesdroppers scatter as someone opens the door.
he looks up toward the second floor.
as the others run, someone gestures sending one of them smashing into a car's rear window, and another cartwheeling down to the pavement.
blinking tearfully, he rolls over and props himself up on his elbows.
he picks up a can of coke, and goes over to the fridge.
as he slides a lever forward, the plane accelerates toward the hangar exit.
now in bed, teenage someone reads a dostoyevsky novel as someone awakes to an alarm.
from a round-ended longboard to a four-foot tapered short board.
someone holds a glass cup over the flaming cotton ball.
the narrow beach front dotted by the signal fires, the rocky cliffs behind them.
he heads to the driver's side.
now, someone flies through the air, waving his arms.
someone grimaces as someone heads into a building and up a flight of stairs.
someone slides down a pipe along the building, followed by her partner in crime.
the older woman turns to face someone who keeps his gaze fixed forward.
under the boy's steady stare, he releases someone.
that reads, unemployed hits record 15 million.
she sneers at someone and shakes her head.
a lamp at the head of the bed illuminates the girls sleeping toe-to-toe under the covers next to geraldine who snores.
later he sticks a fire extinguisher up diesel's butt.
someone starts to eat.
as it tumbles toward a rooftop with a glowing skylight.
someone mimes locking her lips.
as she gazes into his eyes, her glossy lips curl into a tight smile.
she looks up at the club with a furrowed brow.
now at home and wearing pajamas someone makes a phone call.
eyeing someone, he rests his lips on his fists as if thinking.
someone washes his hands.
her chest heaves as she swallows big gulps of air.
someone looks at the door then at the armchair he's in.
he puts it on his daughter.
using the lit tip of his wand, he searches under the pillow.
someone catches himself on the roof's edge as he tumbles off.
the zombie chases someone down the hall to his room.
as someone opens the box, someone enters and hides behind a bookshelf.
she grabs his throat.
as she holds her wrists, someone leans over to her.
he drags his lips in an affable
the captain opens his door and punches out the attacker.
a second agent grabs someone from behind, but someone slips out of the poncho and yanks it over the agent's head.
a small brown dog peeks out of the basket.
from a van on a highway, someone looks out at china's central tv headquarters, a looming skyscraper resembling a pair of rectangular legs, bent at the knees, and spread apart.
she sits down on a bench at the foot of the bed.
it backhands him, sending him flying against a shed.
he scans the locker room then leans over and eats out of the bowl.
he holsters his gun and someone joins his side.
in the command module, someone lumbers to the pilot's chair and flops down.
with a kind look she reaches for him.
as they scramble away, someone finds herself facing someone, who snares and heads off.
at night, in someone's closet, someone checks her dresses.
someone comes full circle and pats dr.
returning it, she slides the drawer open farther.
later, someone enters his spacious two-floor apartment.
his skull emits a flow of smoke, distorting his bone structure.
someone shakes someone's hand, then follows someone out.
someone shifts his puzzled gaze.
as he sits inside a giant donut perched atop a building's roof.
someone gazes after someone suspiciously.
he enters the building and looks around as he climbs a flight of stairs.
he keeps his gun pointed at someone.
as the officer opens the box and releases bright blue light, dr.
as the atvs speed in, one hits a bump and the bagged head falls off.
we cut from their routine to someone strolling down another street.
she taps her glass, stands, and swallows facing her husband.
as the young girl shifts her gaze, she notices the woman outside and returns the wave.
body, and grabs a ledge.
he releases him.
he presses his lips against hers.
young man turns to see someone rising to his feet nearby holding a glow stick.
he removes his shoes, pulls out a chair at the table, and takes off his own pants.
now at the someone house, they get out of the car.
as she shines her flashlight over the urns, someone watches a video feed from the bridge.
he knocks on the surface causing it to ripple.
cinnamon and her prostitute friends join the geeks.
the hulking inmate positions himself just outside.
douglas notices her absence then spots her dancing with someone.
the motorized boats near the yacht, kicking up spray in their wake.
the newcomer sneers and cocks his head.
more hospital personnel and security guards swarm around someone as he struggles.
someone turns to pepper.
the remaining mutants rush to someone.
the surfer suddenly falls off the board and the colossal wave smashes down on him.
later, someone and someone assemble wrought-iron fencing around someone's enclosure.
the young surfer trembles, frantically scanning the seething ocean for someone's buddy.
he lowers, adjusts his hand on the block, then determinedly raises the ax above his head.
continuing their assault.
they each carry camp supplies.
reaching a grassy field, it tumbles onto its side.
he rips the student driver sign off the roof and bashes it over the hood.
heinrich signals an accomplice.
now someones wagoneer pulls up outside a converted garage with corrugated metal walls and a red door.
he carries her off leaving his ax behind.
he moves to the cliff's edge, staring out into the frothy white surf.
she opens a fan with writing on it.
beyond them, snow continues to fall on the wooded campsite.
someone and someone give him shocked looks.
samantha frowns at someone, who begins to shimmy.
someone shoves open the door and turns on the lights.
someone freezes the control mechanism.
she moves off and waves her arms at the dj on a balcony, then returns to her date.
in reality, she opens the gift in silence.
he takes someone's cell.
to a stairwell and face panicked office workers fleeing downstairs.
the electricity fizzles out, surprising them both.
his car halts and he scolds, drive you idiot.
she collects her suitcase and bag.
someone and someone stare at someone, who grimaces.
he and someone lock gazes.
someone and someone each fire as they cross paths.
later, she returns toting a half dozen shopping bags.
someone blocks them off with a chain.
someone speaks into the intercom.
someone shifts his bewildered gaze then shrugs and smiles.
he notices the two brown bears eyeing him hungrily.
setting someone down, rory straightens and meets her
angel spits a fireball, which tears through one of someone's fabric wings.
she opens a door labeled with a voltage sign.
now, someone reaches the same junction and starts for the hall.
one opens behind her and she hurries aboard, shoes in hand.
she stares vacantly.
as he carves, someone peeks over the table.
his cursor remains on the icon as he gazes at the sun-blanched photo of his wife.
sitting in a bedroom, someone turns to the burly boy.
someone struggles back onto the board.
he gulps.
they tiptoe around the corner together to a side entrance.
someone gazes down at him sympathetically, then shakes his head.
as she plays on with her eyes closed.
her russian mentor follows close behind.
as he presses a sequence of them
the jailhouse mechanic sits beside him while his accomplice rides in back with the deputy.
they spot an alien eating a truck's spare tire.
someone joins her at the bar.
it illuminates the huge
righting it, she finds someone in the picture.
they guy shakes his head and walks by.
someone bolts, knocking other fairies down on his way.
protruding from his cast.
killing his light, someone creeps around toward the side of the house.
he sneers.
letting the surfboard drop, someone lays a hand.
someone mounts a sign in front of a capuchin enclosure.
the sleazy man shakes his head.
sir someone shoots the pirate, punches another then kicks a third before slicing him with a sword.
someone musters a broad grin and calmly retakes her seat.
he plunges the knife at someone, who disarms him, pins his wrist on the table, and reads an inscription on the blade "blood and honor".
now he answers the door.
someone punches him.
someone leaves the building.
the two scientists face each other, their jaws hanging slack.
someone makes a wild face at her.
she yawns as she places books on shelves.
his men inspect the room.
the creature picks up someone.
someone throws someone at the armored giant, striking his face.
stuffing a gold one back in his pocket,
someone tackles his friend and they wrestle on the floor.
he heads down a stairway carved into the stone.
she glares at him, cringing.
as someone glides away, someone uneasily glances around the arena.
someone sticks the putty on the wall and presses a button.
someone shifts her eyes thoughtfully as she forks up a piece of sausage.
the boy staggers sideways, then shoves him back good-naturedly.
someone dismisses him with a salute, then turns to someone.
someone and someone check her out as they cross the sand.
beyond the encampments stands a stone fortress.
cars swerve around him as he walks across the street tapping his cane.
closing his eyes, he lets his head droop.
someone pushes himself up on his uninjured knee, then buckles.
someone draws a rifle and someone two pistols, gripping the reigns between his teeth
someone waits patiently, his gaze fixed straight ahead.
the bed opposite his remains empty.
someone wakes with a start and sits up.
someone gives a receptive nod and someone returns his gaze to spar.
someone brings it to his lips hesitantly, then swigs at it with increasing enthusiasm.
his ankles graze the top and he falls.
in another flashback, someone writes the letter.
shifting her gaze back to james, she shakes her head.
it reads, someone, sorry, back to cleveland with lombard victor, xoxo, love mom.
she pulls it away, and opens the door.
someone sits at a table with someone.
someone runs offstage.
three cops frisk the released man and pulls off the mask.
in bed, someone writes a song.
as he turns from the window, he spots a news report on the monitor.
part of his face becomes skeletal then morphs back.
he lifts the guitar.
someone's eyes dart about frantically.
he lowers the lenses, his jaw slack.
marching toward the exit, someone pauses by father someone.
someone takes a deep breath and lays her menu down on the table.
someone unbuckles her seat-belt, and checks the bag.
someone and someone both stare then continue the chase.
someone slings his backpack off and faces him.
a large audience surrounds a single tree standing in the middle of the store.
she sips from her coffee mug.
he pours someone a glass of scotch then doffs his glasses and pours one for himself.
the motorcyclist takes off down the hill.
he stuffs their cash in his back pocket.
stifling a disappointed look, she holds them up and forces a grin.
it leads them into a stone courtyard where dozens of male and female monks, in snowy tunics, perform tai chi.
now holding three incense sticks,
lying under a blanket on a fold out bed, someone rolls his head to look up at someone.
someone washes the windshield.
they boys pedal their bicycle across the street, past a fence, and under the legs of the town's massive water tower.
as the announcer approaches with the trophy, someone intercepts him.
he high fives a boy.
she stares up at his angular features.
someone hangs his head with a subdued smile.
she gives him a quiz and winks flirtatiously.
grinning, someone shows her identical someone mnemonic menu.
he aims one gun out each window at his side.
someone's car parks on a street.
he drops his backpack.
she takes out a cup of noodles.
wearily gets up and unlaces the back of his long tunic.
walls bears some irregularities.
still securely connected by the tether.
at night, he writes using his laptop.
he notices someone's photo.
she grins at him over her shoulder.
someone turns to his bag and takes out a small loaf of bread.
someone enters the stall and the attendant turns to a counter of toiletries.
he locates the van which sits parked with its back doors flung open.
opening his eyes, he smirks as he lifts his face from the flower.
he kisses her lips, then raises his fingers to his temple.
the metal bar someone clings to breaks and he plummets into the canyon.
wearing a black suit, someone stares out at the water with a knitted brow.
he slumps dejectedly against a pillar.
someone opens a barred gate and enters the vault.
someone spots him and seizes it.
spits, and faces her reflection morosely.
she stands up, slides the cell door open and eyes a surveillance camera posted in a corner.
leaping onto the helipad, someone shoots a bald guard.
as someone finishes the tire run
the tennis ball nails the girl in the eye.
someone glances up at them and smiles.
the techie takes a drag.
he sets the rose in a tumbler before here.
she shows the photo of someone.
the chauffeur sadly faces forward.
shielding his eyes with one hand, dr.
it pulls up outside an apartment building.
as jinx looks on, someone types his name into a google search window.
later, someone wears his mother's high-heels.
down the road, he grabs the back of a bicycle-driven cart.
and continues down the sidewalk with his jacket and arm around her.
someone holds her hands out like paws, then slaps her backside with her right, then with her left,
holding her head, the impostor lowers her hands.
at a hospital someone sits on a hallway floor with her knees to her chest.
a crowd of adults and children exit the terrace courtyard.
she turns the lock and rests her head, then spots something across the room.
in the ship, light wavers on someone's glistening face.
someone watches them.
a fourth keeps lookout from a building's rooftop.
now in bed, someone lies naked on top of someone as he holds her blissfully.
he picks one with a gold face.
a surprised someone regards her new friends.
eyeing him uneasily, the nurse leaves.
with their eyes locked, someone and someone let their coconut fall.
someone sprints away.
someone stops the projector.
someone sits in a chair on the veranda, taking pictures.
holloway continues on around to a recess behind it.
and he glances at another photograph.
using her chopsticks, she fills his bowl with noodles.
someone reaches for the blaster, but someone throws a box and knocks it away.
it explodes on impact, destroying the suv.
the tattooed monk follows.
he presents someone with a shiny new guitar.
now, someone and someone set towering posts near buster's enclosure.
someone meets with the family members who gather in a sitting room.
next she removes her wig, gathers her real hair at the back of her head and ties it in a bun.
now, someone exits into an alley, his right arm wrapped in a towel.
someone strides forward.
they indicate their employee nametags.
someone's new boyfriend, bones, is sleeping on the backseat.
now, someone watches the news.
he looks out over a vast area where the ground seems to ungulate around several circular pools.
with someone still on the floor, hidden by a low wall and someone still hunched over his desk.
someone closes his lips and glances at someone.
they jump out and run on foot.
he steps around her and she sets down her bag.
later, someone rides a bike up to a house.
someone shifts in her sleep, snuggling a blanket.
now, someone and someone wait in their stolen vehicle which sits parked on a side street.
as he slides head first over the edge, someone grabs his ankle.
one penguin waddles, then turns imitating someone.
someone stops on the staircase.
she halts close to the first lady who keeps her face hidden.
entering his bachelor pad, someone lifts his gaze to the swimmer.
as he stares down at her, someone's mournful expression hardens wrathfully.
someone waves for the audience to wait.
elsewhere, a dust covered gas mask lies among other piles of decrepit withering someone.
it fires into the rocky ground.
she looks away as he tattoo's her ankle.
someone rushes up to someone who lies on a padded table.
our view follows to the many pews filled with working class families.
someone stalks off as someone continues to grin.
he glances around, then talks through the glass.
meanwhile, someone's car arrives out front.
she then removes her bra.
several waiters serve someone.
he lifts his brow, smiles, and nods.
as the white water converges around him, he leaps from his board and dives head first into the water.
someone shakes hands.
coming out of ibs.
someone glumly averts his gaze.
someone holds up the drawing then stands.
she pins his arms beneath her boot.
as they move out of view, light flashes.
someone flies in and swoops him off the roof.
he watches her smile.
his eyes stay wide open.
it shows agent someone with his wife and two young children.
with a confused look, someone sets his penguin down and heads into the kitchen.
people dance or tap their toes as clouds of cigarette smoke fill the air.
he tosses it onto the path of water.
someone and the others rush someone, who deflects their blows.
he rocks backward.
still wearing the stained dress, someone stares at him.
someone allows a smile.
he gives two thumbs up then heads away.
she leaves the bathroom.
someone methodically sets the silverware aside.
he hurries off down a long corridor.
someone hangs up then glances outside at his friend.
someone drives them in a convertible.
he winces and sticks out his tongue.
he strides to the front desk where a blond woman greets him.
he commands two more and they each bind an arm just below the shoulder.
someone hangs up and looks thoughtful.
form silhouetted against the fire.
now someone wears a dreamy smile as he strolls the hall to his apartment.
her face set firmly.
as sunlight slowly brightens the room, someone lies awake in the same position.
the bully bumps the lens with his elbow.
someone turns back with a smile.
as she picks up another, he yanks her to her feet.
someone puts someone in front of the tv with snacks and sticks headphones on him.
in the room beneath her, the shirtless butcher lies on top of someone and thrusts.
she smiles weakly.
someone continues to the opposite side.
a curly haired teenage someone runs his hand along a wave as he easily carves up and down its face.
someone leaps a half wall and faces someone.
my parents were from dusseldorf.
someone takes out his cell.
the thugs push someone and snowy into the canal.
with wide eyes, someone surveys the swarm of zombies.
a little smile briefly crosses someone's lips.
summoning a breath, someone smiles.
someone lifts his gaze to the rugged, unshaven man and shakes his head.
as he hugs her, she waggles her brows.
as the skeletons cartwheel and dance in place, the warriors raise their weapons.
someone tumbles across the canvas cover and hangs off the edge.
outside in slow motion, someone struggles to hold back a hopping mad someone.
he shifts his troubled gaze.
he jumps out of his golf cart.
now our view rises from a heap of crushed cars to reveal the mustang arriving in the scrapyard.
someone turns away pulls a flannel shirt over her shoulders.
everyone, floating on surfboards and wearing leis,
someone rips a silver chain with someone's miniature sword from her neck.
now someone, someone, and someone find someone inside the transmitter's spherical room.
someone kicks the last whiskey bottle into the water after him.
in the crowd, a woman beckons someone and someone, who follow her.
someone tosses someone from his arms, and the little boy flails and kicks his way across the pool.
someone turns over a framed family photo, removes a computer chip from under a piece of tape, then opens a drawer and rifles through it.
he wearily takes his frozen dinner to the kitchen and puts it tray in the microwave.
she starts to go.
he bends over, resting his head on it, then lays a hand on his son's blanketed knee.
he hits a button on his steering wheel.
someone gingerly gets to his feet.
he skates a broad, graceful arc around the rink as the crowd watches breathlessly.
straightening he inhales deeply and pulls off his skullcap.
with a pencil, he makes a third someone on his notepaper.
they bend over, too.
someone lights the joint.
someone shoots his cell a brooding glance, then reaches for his ipod and hits play.
he pours gasoline in the trash can.
a man ends a call.
holding his gaze, she presses the photo to her chest.
a gunman ahead fires rounds from a mounted cannon.
someone spots the russians outside.
jumping up someone stands over the major.
then takes out his cell and dials.
she reaches into his breast pocket and removes a wallet.
letters flip vertically through a machine.
they dump out loads of men and women's clothing.
his eyes fixed on his lifeless colleague.
the rider turns over his sword.
studying the map he deflates.
someone trains his puffy, exhausted eyes on someone.
someone returns fallen bits to the pan.
now at the someone house, yang gong helps someone downstairs to a foyer where the woman from someone's village waits.
someone adjusts the strap of her purse.
on the patio, the young woman stops staring as a waitress serves her.
someone opens his eyes and glares at someone.
he starts to leave.
someone faces straight ahead, as his date's smile fades, he faces her.
the doll falls to the floor.
the mustached american drops a newspaper as he keels forward,
someone waves his arms and stares ahead then quickly moves to the other side of the raft.
someone gazes down the corridor
someone pours silver on the ax.
lying on the bed,
as captain leads the group back down the spiral, he collides with a server's white barrel, spilling water onto the smooth floor.
now, he stands at an ankle-deep pool as otters swim around him.
someone gazes off into the night sky.
we pull back to find someone in a room full of victims, each suspended upside down.
on his patio someone plays guitar.
he opens a freezer, and finds a bottle of vodka.
she sticks out her tongue.
the guys smash a fluorescent light bulb.
she gives a flirty smile.
she jumps!
someone stares thoughtfully ahead, his young face caked with blood.
now, someone's van speeds along the coastal highway.
now, someone accost an average man standing outside a cabin.
the zookeeper's jaw goes slack.
the soft light glows on someone's face as he looks down open mouthed.
he kills one then heads toward the entrance of a haunted house.
someone leaps from the boat, following a rope, tethering the raft to the lifeboat.
a long-haired biker eats peanut butter from a jar.
someone lifts his brow and looks to someone, who stands hiding in the bushes.
inscrutably then glances at the fire and bites his lower lip.
someone presents a silver pocket watch with an engraving.
a gentle breeze blows through the balcony doors, ruffling drawn curtains.
someone flings the bottle, smashing a window with a coat of arms on it.
he shuts his eyes and shakes his head.
we watch the army advance.
someone pours the whiskey on the fire, causing an explosion.
as someone leans forward menacingly, mrs. po glances back from the front of the bus.
she lobs a bottle.
glancing back
someone gets up from the desk.
his shadow falls across leaves lying on the grass.
someone wipes his face with a towel.
an older african-american police officer wearing a badge on one hip
newspaper and magazine clippings with photos of someone stark hang on the surrounding walls.
the boy winces sheepishly.
the lead actor presses his hands to his brow.
someone spies someone at a distance in headphones working at a station across the main floor.
he lets the cat inside and it jumps down to the floor.
he dresses hastily.
someone drives along a highway by the ocean with her mom someone beside her.
on the road, the car speeds toward a box truck.
still curled loosely around the towel rolls.
the clock shows 2:08 a.m. as he hangs a suit in a wardrobe.
and someone tenderly rolls on top of her.
she searches her handbag.
in the hatchback, someone shows someone the businessman's wedding ring.
someone lowers his handgun, then punches someone in the face a couple of times.
now sun shines on someone's back through a hole in the canvas.
reaching into her shaggy black locks, she pulls out a small hairpin.
someone steps out of his vehicle and shuts the door.
in slow motion, she runs across the lawn in her high heels.
the grizzly smells the window, then rises onto his hind legs and presses a paw to the glass.
doris dials a telephone.
someone turns, fires his thrusters, and zooms through an opening in the roof.
someone slinks up behind the girl and dances in time with her.
someone approaches the triangle.
someone's dead body bears an orchid design drawn on his chest underneath the word traitor.
someone collects his jacket and umbrella, then glances at someone, who gives a shrug and a smile.
he smacks his lips, picks up the glass again, and drains the contents.
he smiles and turns a crank on his film projector as the lights dim.
someone looks at him.
grimacing, he uses it to take the chip.
someone raises the rocket launcher to his shoulder and aims.
one paws at someone as he passes.
she hurries toward the library.
someone reads more.
white surf sweeps along the coast and surrounds a small peninsula.
two of the riders move closer to someone.
at home, someone keeps his balcony doors open.
someone gallops off with someone through trees.
a hydra head swivels around the corner, fiery light crackling in its throat.
someone beats a rhythm on some bongos.
a fire escape leads up to it.
as she climbs into the passenger seat and shuts the door, someone's smile fades.
his brow furrowed, he gives a nod.
she looks up at her mother-in-law, who turns to her with an unyielding expression.
one of the tied up pilots floats out of his seat.
someone grabs a grenade from an open crate and hurls it into enemy ranks, exploding several hydra soldiers.
this leaves us no choice.
someone shoots him in the stomach.
he perches on her shoulder.
his lips tightly pursed.
now, at a social club, ms. white enters a men's room and marches pass the attendant.
someone takes a close look.
at night, someone tucks a blanket around his sleeping son.
as she claws at him, someone shoots her in the stomach.
the cat sits up, someone stirs, wrapped in a few blankets.
someone drums the flat ends of his concertina.
now, at her apartment, a pile of pages from someone's manuscript rests on a couch.
the captain looks on.
cabinets and shelves line one side of the building.
someone hurries off.
he drags a cinder block out of the rubble and sets it on the ground in front of him.
in the present day, someone's feet slip off a pair of black high-heeled shoes and rest on a white carpet.
someone sits to his right, angled toward him.
he takes down robert's photo.
he sees someone in her bra and skirt.
man with wind tousled curls strides up to the edge of the deck and watches the approaching
someone gives her daughter an unassuming glance and plods away with her drink.
he watches as another surfer loses his balance halfway down the face of a 20-foot wave.
the teen scans the room.
someone, his older brother hands him a gun then leaps off the building.
a bullet takes out a hydra trooper kneeling beside an armored vehicle.
later, she shifts her sober gaze.
she looks up and calls toward the door.
in slow motion, both the russians and americans celebrate.
in the private room, the female agent picks up the rear.
financial markets rocked by news.
someone hides nearby.
he plops down on his unmade bed and sits alone in the dark.
someone regards someone attentively, then lowers his contemplative gaze.
the middle-aged man's weary gaze grows affectionate as he reaches out to her.
someone moves from the door, his eyes fixed on the photo, and his lips parted.
as he peels back the layers, the inner part of the leaves glow along their veins.
the doctor squeezes gel onto the end of a wand.
someone accepts, then rises from his chair.
he gives a resigned sigh.
she lifts her brow in an impressed look.
now someone walks down the hall to her office.
she steps away.
someone's black robed acolytes sway as they chant.
someone and someone stay put, sitting on their horses by some trees.
his daughter finishes her silent prayer and gives him a look.
dressed like someone child, dan aykroyd faces the camera.
and then smashes them to pieces.
someone swats a bent wing into place as he stands.
with a nod, someone releases his father's hand and turns away.
music cares charity concert rehearsal.
as someone sprints to the door, the men each grab an arm and wrestle her to the brass bed frame,
someone faces him, dressed to leave with her bag slung over her shoulder.
the carcasses of the zebra and the hyena flank the predator.
later, someone enters his bedroom still holding the vodka bottle.
he tosses the ball in the net and someone catches it.
someone's smile fades and she watches him with a furrowed brow.
he and someone turn toward someone.
now a figure lies on a four column bed.
she musters a smile.
as the manager closes up, a chubby security guard arrives.
someone tosses her hair and smiles vapidly.
someone looks around, notices an iv in his hand and lifts up his hospital gown.
now the car glides up a long driveway to a sleek glass-walled home.
she sets it down on a ledge beneath the framed photograph, and gazes at the renowned chef's coy grin.
a leaf falls.
the supply helicopter passes overhead.
someone pulls someone close and punches his helmet.
someone hands someone shrink-wrapped bottled water.
he gazes at the documents.
he pushes on someone's forearm.
now, someone spins the ball on her fingertip.
he chats with another man.
the guy responds.
a few rows behind him, a perky blond girl laughs with her friends.
wielding a handgun, someone follows someone and his son past a scaffold-supported sign.
then crushes it in his hand.
he gets a call from someone.
someone clenches his jaw and his nostrils flare.
now, at a grocery store, someone adds two cans of cat food to his purchase.
his eyeglasses reflecting the well-worn keys.
someone arrives at the salubrious brunch venue.
the boy shoves someone to the ground.
later with her arms folded, someone paces in the lobby of an apartment building.
answering it, she turns away.
the suv ahead of it spins out of control, threatening to cut off someone.
someone captures one of his friend's chess pieces
the readout counts down.
peeking inside, she sees a young girl in headphones doing homework at a table.
he enters a dining area with a buffet to one side, and approaches someone, seated with a man wearing glasses.
someone follows, wearing a simple wedding dress, and holding her father's arm.
now, someone pretends to have doggy style sex with the alien.
and overlaid with iodine-treated film.
hurrying to a sedan chair, she takes someone's arm as the woman exits the litter.
a smoke bomb detonates as the warriors swing their weapons.
they follow outside.
someone checks his own phone then answers it.
later wearing a blue car-racing uniform, someone walks through a crowd of smiling people.
a drone soars through the sky.
the teen passes through a dark section lit only by the pulsing red emergency lights.
now the newcomer to la sits at a desk with a postcard of the old hotel.
she smiles and looks away.
someone shuts his eyes, and shakes his head.
his lips screwed tightly.
dozens of people, including the banana boy and the man in a leotard climb on to the stage and dance.
someone sees someone tossing the doll.
duct tape holds someone's head in place.
flames shoot from the dragon's nostrils.
he blinks thoughtfully.
now someone enters his apartment.
someone and someone huddle behind a building as they watch the battle.
someone glances up thoughtfully.
now in a gallery, patrons gather around someone.
now he crosses the office floor.
someone's lips stutter thoughtfully.
later, someone lags behind the rest of his squad as they run.
someone sidles down an aisle, grabs someone's shoulder, and jabs his gun against the bounty hunter's neck.
a few paces ahead, someone sits attentively beside the station inspector who checks a pocket watch.
he grips a rope handle across the board's midline a few feet from its nose.
someone crosses to someone's door, opens it, and passes through.
he rises, leaving a lifeless barton.
the gypsy woman shifts gears and accelerates.
she gazes at him with doe-like eyes.
he props himself up on his elbows and sweeps his gaze up someone's face, taking in her rosy lips, smooth cheeks, and closed eyes.
in the talent show's packed audience, someone anxiously looks around.
he removes the pearl from its setting.
the sedans explode,
someone winces and grits his teeth.
he dawns glasses from a display and grins.
someone shoots someone with a taser.
in her sweater and black bikini bottoms, she watches her boys at play.
someone steps onto a dayus behind them and slides his sword into a slot on the floor.
someone shares a quick look with someone, who turns away.
later, someone checks on someone who reads in bed.
in slow motion, the destroyer walks toward someone from the opposite end of the street.
opening a drawer, he finds another number.
they lie face to face gazing at each other lovingly and share a smile.
someone raises his hand to someone who puts someone's coat over the chimney top, stifling the smoke.
someone aims his gun at the keypad.
now, someone's mother furiously pumps her arms as she runs.
two masked snipers dressed in all black, survey from the courthouse rooftop,
a curly-haired woman answers the door.
now on a beach, someone points his video.
on her other side someone stands, goes to the stage and shakes the principal's hand.
now, a boy chucks popcorn at the bears from behind a fence.
later, she arrives at a kitchen and pauses, her fingers lightly drumming her thigh.
standing beside a preppy man, she holds a trophy.
he advances toward the masked red someone, who throws open his cape and swings his sword.
facing someone, someone puts a hand on his shoulder.
as the crowd cheers, someone lands balanced in the one-legged cobra pose.
his jaw misaligned, someone struggles to his feet and runs out.
he drives toward someone who nimbly rolls over the hood and lands safely on the ground.
he speeds up and pulls the pin out of one of their as he passes.
she grunts as dolce steps across her stomach.
someone reloads and aims again.
someone bats her hand away.
someone stands on the street outside with someone.
someone has not moved since she walked in.
the windows burst open.
the audience gives her a standing ovation.
someone puffs a pipe.
someone swaps looks with someone then releases the caddy.
she shoves the statue, which knocks into another, creating a domino effect that topples an entire row.
the boy gracefully maintains the advanced position, gazing steadily at his opponent.
as his fighter crosses the room, someone gives someone a reassuring gesture.
below the pickup pulls into an extravagantly lit drop-off area with limos and taxis.
inside a palatial mansion, a tuxedoed man greets patrons in black tie.
he bows.
he holds her coat open.
he stares at his hard-earned money.
with her eyes closed, someone mouths the words, thank you, god.
someone blows confetti over the street.
now someone stands behind the hummer, firing an automatic into the air.
at sunset, someone kneels on the lifeboats canvas cover and ties up bundles of roots.
someone punches someone, backhands him, and jabs him in the chest.
someone bolts upright then looks down at his bare chest.
they halt in front of him and he gives a relieved look.
now, someone runs alone down a neighborhood street.
as his victim shuffles into the hallway with her things, he meets her with a check.
wearing a crisp black tuxedo, someone surveys the cheering crowd.
someone slides it shut then turns to face another shuttered hatch.
as someone struggles against her restraints, he directs a bar to wrap around her neck.
standing on a mezzanine, overlooking an atrium, their boss jerks her thumb.
her face falls.
she spots their bench, and someone stands.
he takes out his vows.
arriving at a two-story house, he passes a little brown goat on his way up the driveway.
j.a.r.v.i.s., a computer system including robots, lights up.
he gazes at the corner table.
someone gazes back tearfully at little blackie
he bends the frame to hold her tighter.
someone jerks the control stick.
as someone pushes himself up, someone pulls an suv out of the garage.
someone arrives on the other side and finds no sign of the gunman.
someone gives gilbert a hard look.
someone gets up and walks out of the truck.
someone averts his gaze as they resume their descent.
she gives him a sidelong glance as she slides her shoes back on.
runaway slaves fill the cramped, dusty space.
the blonde eyes her friend scandalous outfit, and shakes her head.
later, the vehicle reaches one end of a bridge marked
finds someone gone.
a lone crew member sees them off, then twirls his finger in the air.
she crouches at someone's side and helps him sit up against the graffitied wall.
he sits on his favorite bench.
he leans in and they kiss.
someone hurries to someone and holds a hand over the wound.
later, he packs a taser and two guns into a bag.
she notices the ambulance.
mrs. po kindly rests a hand on someone's back and ushers him toward the group.
an officer releases someone from the cell.
outside before sunrise, someone heads upstairs to an
someone's sitting on a bench a short distance away
and sticks his head into the hole.
she sits beside her.
now a banner hangs over the school entrance, career fair.
a stomach puppet shows up.
the jar falls over the edge.
he ends the call.
someone throws someone a wand.
someone lead them around a curve.
someone serves someone and someone.
as the band practices, a bartender wipes down a bottle.
someone stands by as someone raises a fist to a screen door fitted with protective iron bars.
a monitor shows rocco swigging from a wine bottle.
he slides on his knees.
the woman hits a truck and flies through her windshield.
the balding officer leads someone into the cell block.
she gets out of bed, crosses to a window, and peers outside.
proceeds to the heavy door and yanks it open.
she puts her hand over her eyes.
antonio leaves the circuit breaker panel.
someone clasps hands with her and looks uncertainly toward the palanquin.
he shakes an empty bottle.
she takes the computer back.
holding his gun steady, the other robber tails the detective closely.
someone lights a cigarette.
someone meets someone at the front door.
someone gets dragged around in the dirt.
someone shifts anxiously on his feet as someone pulls the pin.
she meets his gaze with a gentle smile.
someone climbs out of bed, leaving behind a full body sweat stain on the sheet.
the foursome hurls themselves up and over a 25-footer through a fog of sea spray.
he gets up and walks off.
a gust of snowflakes obscures our view, then clears to reveal the family in goggles and winter coats with fur-lined hoods.
someone injects her in the back of the shoulder.
her scissor blades close around it and she snips through.
both astride their horses.
he plays a 78 record.
someone eyes him, stroking his platinum hair.
someone walks through the office.
someone stands observantly by as the older man rolls on to his stomach.
the grandfather pauses and turns back.
in a dark room, someone controls a drone by a computer.
someone walks out of the cabin and steps up to the four riders who sit side by side on their horses facing him.
someone pushes himself up on the boat's canvas cover.
gita nods and swallows her food.
she gives a grateful nod.
the vehicles reach the center of the bridge over a river.
someone grinning in a tutu.
and finds the five mutants staring up at the shuttle.
a mushroom cloud of flames billows into the air.
we flash to the deposition.
he stops facing someone's now dimly lit home.
he holds out his wrist.
she forces a tight-lipped smile.
the engineer braces his legs against the door frame.
the score display shows a point being awarded to someone,
they each pull out a gun and using the spools to conceal them, pass them to the young inmate and man sitting next to him.
someone, who grimly meets his gaze.
someone sits at a table sipping a drink.
with a wide grin, someone opens her mouth to speak.
as he mopes into his room, someone stares at the hanging jacket and shifts her wide-eyed gaze.
the rich man lowers his head.
he stops and turns.
later, he mops up the spilled soda.
back at home, he solves another long equation, types on his laptop and fills in answers on some french homework.
his weapon raised, someone closes himself into a bathroom.
today, the stock market hit a new low due to the liquidation of peregrine investments.
lovey slows to a stop on spotting the giant stuffed penguin.
surrounded by flames, someone's face distorts as he screams.
with his human arm, he lifts his collar to shield his face from nearby aliens.
later, she wears her own clothes as she slams the suite's door.
he beams.
the gunfight outside continues.
he hops at the bottom of the drive.
she smiles, the glances at a female diner.
someone readies the typewriter.
he dashes across the yard and scurries up one of the armored vehicles, then climbs onto the roof of a low building.
later still, as he snoozes, she dips his hand in a glass of wine, then hides.
someone staggers backward while staring at his hands, then faces skyward and squints into the falling rain.
he finds a fifth atop a panel fountain.
she heads into the kitchen, but someone strides past the doorway.
as someone glances at his lilies, sister opens the box to find a diamond ring.
someone and someone stand shoulder-to-shoulder as they spot the lodge a few hundred yards off.
he reaches into the car and turns off the power.
someone's family are among the crowd.
as he crawls from the wrecked suv, the thug grabs his ankle.
he mimes shooting and the thug flies backward.
@katy perry, your someone cats are there for you.
she gestures to the bathroom, where a pillow and a blanket sit in the tub.
someone thrusts a pillow at him, and someone swats it aside, then refocuses his attacks on the padded pole.
someone continues on wearing a bulky white rebreather on her back.
the scooters meek.
he faces someone pointedly.
she finds the empty sandwich baggie on the floor.
someone wears his earphones as he steps into the living room,
we glimpse its content.
someone starts for the door then stops.
returning, the woman shows off her shoes.
he glances at someone, who pulls on the poles.
now the penguins sleep on someone's bed.
someone checks his clock.
later, he sits shirtless in a tub with his legs hanging over its side as water showers onto his head.
later, someone and someone walk into a cia compound.
the head doctor hurries off with the executive close behind.
the washington official notices the approaching soldier.
putting the game down, the boy accepts the food.
as two cruise employees turn a jump rope, someone, in the middle, stumbles.
back at the house, several more bodhi leaves drop off.
someone falls to his knees, his gloved hand trembling.
the veterans look over their shoulders and press ahead.
uniformed men across the base watch as someone zooms down and lands in front of a giant hangar.
he jogs over to a card on a table, picks it up and reads it.
someone reaches through them and wraps her arms around someone's neck.
in the forest, a man inspects a rusted bin.
someone holds out a hand.
someone stomps his foot and turns his back to someone.
he hurls it back.
someone grins proudly.
as they run into the gaming area, someone shoulder checks a casino worker.
nearby, the masked assassins prowl after them through the shadows.
someone nervously faces off with someone.
on the mat, someone faces a boy in a green-and-black uniform.
someone gets to his feet and charges, but someone throws a fishing net over him.
someone goes to the window and peeks between the curtain.
someone gives him a cool sidelong glance.
snow blows around a city of towering crystalline structures.
open-mouthed, someone turns to someone who snaps out of his death impersonation.
kneeling, she caresses his hand.
the live young assassin swivels her hips with sensual grace as she dances her way into a living area.
outside, little someone smiles at the wonderland of mini lights decorating trees, buildings, and fences.
he glances down again at someone's restraints then eyes the bald man.
someone snatches someone's backpack.
it's a small refrigerator and grabs a bottle of beer.
as someone pegs another, little someone barely makes it into the passenger seat.
then hangs it off the utility pole.
a smiling man in uniform claps his hands.
she yanks her into a hug.
he hands her a bible, and she sets it down.
the prisoner, someone's son, watches him light up.
two leaves drop off.
she spots her husband wading in the lake with someone as she catches guppies in a jar.
he stops, turns, and puts his back to the cinema.
seeing a river below, she discreetly unbuckles her seat belt.
curling his abdominal muscles, he lifts his legs and fits them through the life preserver.
an official adds someone and someone.
as someone slowly twists his left hand,
her hair tumbling around her shoulders.
she goes upstairs.
he steps out with a rifle and hands a machine gun.
he smiles at his benched teammates as he passes and they respond with slack-jawed stares.
someone gives him an earnest look.
the crowd parts for the american, as he marches forward with a limping gait.
someone stands motionless and his eyelids flutter.
he sits in a rocking chair.
they make love.
later, someone blows out candles.
reaching a door in the corner he turns the handle.
still sitting, she sips her drink.
now leslie checks the ball to someone who raises an arm in a signal to his team.
she stands over him in her silky white midi blouse.
someone sits in a chair.
from the kitchen counter, someone watches someone and someone return to the balcony.
someone watches security camera videos.
he glances around the desk, and finds another coin.
a real estate sign stands posted outside the home's fence of rainbow-shaped rails.
he makes the sign of the cross, then notices a spot of blood at the center of his palm.
someone eats some shrinking paste.
he kisses her smooth neck and they share a peck on the lips.
later, silhouetted by a dusky sky, someone frolics on the beach, playfully evading someone's grasp.
someone removes his mask as two men open a pair of tall doors, letting sunlight flood into the room.
someone looks to someone, who points at his eyes, then someone.
they slap at each others hands.
nearby, an artist stands beside a palette covered in red paints.
the new assistant approaches someone's workstation.
at the bar, someone imagines herself performing, showered by silver confetti.
later, someone and someone walk down the alley to the tenement courtyard and halt.
inside, someone gives a snide look as someone faces the staff.
someone subdivision, and highlights a steam vent.
window, his feet planted in a flowerbed as he holds her.
commands pop up on his computer screen: "deploy, deploy, deploy."
someone pulls him out then gets behind the wheel.
as he lets go of the toy, the arm rotates again.
the tail end flips upward and the truck comes down perfectly on its wheels.
now in the sf saloon and grill, someone uses her cell.
meanwhile, someone and someone enter the bio lab.
the someone stands upright, unharmed, and someone gapes.
she beams at him.
someone waves an arm over the rope.
the train reverses away.
facing him, someone fidgets with her cardigan as she gazes forlornly around the half-packed kitchen.
lowering her steely eyes, someone sucks in a breath.
in the center of the homey well-organized space, the table rests, set for two.
her eager fingers muss his hair, then squeeze his ass.
he finds a can of cat food and turns it upside down over his tilted back head.
her cat sits by a broken fish bowl.
one hand holds his sword upon his chest.
someone stops and faces her.
later, she pulls into someone's driveway.
he replaces the cap, then slowly stands up and sets the bottle on top of the fridge.
her friend grabs her wrist and lowers her hand from the veil.
in the bathroom, someone's shoulders sag.
she faces a doorway, which shows her adopted brother hunched over paperwork on a desk.
she bounces the ball off the floor to the backboard and into the hoop.
in the outer office, the solemn burly agent stands with his partner.
a red leather jewelry box sits tucked among them.
as someone helps noodles stand, four bullets rip through him.
someone picks her way out to a rocky point.
someone turns on her side and shape-shifts.
as someone lifts his computer, images on its touch screen appear on the large screen.
he rises and stands at attention, joining the rest of his team.
someone finds a drawing filling up both sides.
two rods rise from the pillar and someone clutches them with both hands.
as he heads out of the station, she peeks under her red convertible.
someone leads the others off the path.
she leans on the brick wall.
someone steps onto the veranda, holding his cane and a gun.
it reads awarded to keith someone, detective first grade.
she mounts a camera on an eve of the roof.
someone rubs her back as she lies curled up on the bed.
slack jawed, someone closes his eyes and shakes his head.
someone, the only one left seated, lowers his gaze.
but someone wryly cocks her head.
someone splashes the fire with seawater.
they embrace.
she enters and looks around.
now pedestrians pass a high-rise apartment building.
on the other side of the river lies new york city.
someone punches him in the gut and keeps walking.
someone turns to the tech.
someone leads the way into another rocky den.
someone's clothes ripple as a brisk wind kicks up.
she works her mouth, then leans over the banister.
she stares off blankly.
her brow furrowed thoughtfully,
he and another boy kick the backpack around.
several classmates dance a little.
it shows the puritan girl.
the english teacher purses her lip.
on asgard, someone's yellow eyes stare into the gashes reaches of outer space.
someone gives a cool look.
the vet swipes his credit card through a portable card reader and types in an amount.
someone walks into the shop, then reaches for a broom.
someone opens a writing pad.
she smiles appreciatively.
she turns to a duck recipe now on tv.
later they ride in a car with someone.
putting on reading glasses, someone unfolds the essay.
now in her cabin, she leans over her sink.
scooping up water from a basin with his hand, he takes a few sips then turns and takes in the space with a curious reverent gaze.
someone joins the others near the radio.
its black and white view shows the young woman staring up at it.
at work, someone sets down a cup of coffee and puts on her headset.
someone goes into his room and slams the door.
she glances at the others, then walks out.
driving the car, someone glances down and pushes a button on the dashboard.
he swallows hard and blinks back tears.
the two brothers leap at one another, their weapons meeting in a flash of light.
someone zips off.
she smiles as someone, someone, someone, and the lacrosse player hurry in.
his wife smiles at him, but he ignores her.
someone chases the kids.
later, someone bites his lip as he walks outside with someone.
his smile fades and his eyes grows wide.
several hostages lie face down in a break room.
he glances up from his guitar, confidently facing the audience between phrases.
rising to his knees, he turns the hand wheel, disengaging the brake.
outside kirkland house, a dark haired young man hurries up the steps and scans his key card at the door.
aita was adopted baby.
she shoves him.
the boy nods and someone mouths "getting married."
he beams shine brightly from their riflescopes.
back in paris, someone sits at a typewriter and lays carbon paper between two clean white pages.
she scrambles into the kitchen.
his opponent goes for his face
someone looks back at someone.
another cutout shows a child.
backstage, someone pricks his finger and uses a scanner.
bending over, she sniffs the contents.
someone sips her martini.
someone stalks off, gun raised.
he sprints through the fray, knocking troopers down with his shield.
with her as she anxiously taps her phone against her hand.
now someone enters his living room, framed by one of someone's bare, bent legs.
someone cuts a red ribbon stretching across the entryway.
someone follows, toting their bags.
someone turns and stares at someone.
bullets ricochet off the forklift, as it creeps toward the bald thug.
the bottom of the funnel cloud touches down, sending out a circular shockwave across the desert.
someone notices a crewmen wielding a flame-thrower.
as he peers curiously at the softly glowing orb, we recognize the continent of africa.
now, in the locker room, reporters gather around a young man.
someone gives her an eager kiss.
now a transport vehicle sets out from the ship leaving a trail of dust in its wake.
the creatures climb into the trees.
a robber emerges.
a teenage boy enters the room and approaches him from behind.
at their feet, someone wipes his eyes and pushes himself up.
a massive fireball erupts from the bridge as the suv explodes.
nodding softly, someone shifts his thoughtful gaze.
he brings the pizza in.
someone glances up a hill.
taking out a set of small tools, someone picks the lock.
they reached the door of her stall.
he mimes a corpse again.
now little someone sleeps on someone's shoulder.
he sticks a cigarette in his mouth.
someone heads out.
now, a plain brown high-rise stands crowded among similar buildings beneath an overcast sky.
their gazes meet.
someone picks up the phone.
then slides a rolled up someone under the pillow.
turning back, she places her hand against someone's neck and pulls him into a kiss.
looking on, someone chuckles approvingly.
someone looks up at the window.
now, the young surfer stumbles onto the sand, drops his board, and collapses.
in the same swing, he strikes another vampire's midsection.
two guys fire on the mutant as he flings a third against a transport's window.
she looks deeper into the chamber as she picks up her phone and swings her flashlight around to survey a narrow hallway.
they remain in position.
someone stalks around a central desk.
he sets his glasses down on his desk, then steps out from behind it.
someone writhes face down on the ice.
the hulking goateed guy, someone, arrives sporting two black eyes and a gash across his nose he heads inside and lumbers to the rear.
as he checks his phone, she suddenly puts hers away.
and his men engage the enemy with silver bayonets.
he presses the screw driver to someone's cheek.
the officer disintegrates in a flash of blue light.
the cashier puts down chairs.
he tosses the bottle in a trash can.
a tall file cabinet in a corner ejects its drawers, then buckles.
sir someone leaps from the ship.
getting a newspaper, he notices the blonde and smiles.
someone lies asleep in someone's bed.
someone comma someone, a cursor blinks beside an a.
he approaches the pool area where his daughters share a lounge chair.
a neighbor walks up with his dog.
someone fidgets in the waiting room.
then returns his gaze to her eyes.
someone sits up in his cot.
the soft tendrils over his mouth sway lazily, the jointed maxillary palps flicking out on either side.
a roach crawls out, then another.
in the shaft, someone sees two parallel rails running down a wall.
the shield strikes a hidden hydra soldier.
his stubble faced peer frowns.
someone exits the lift past a sign that reads, thank you for 75 years,
his little sister sends up a spring.
later, she enters someone's apartment.
as she gazes into his eyes, someone's grin fades.
the teacher catches a boy with a joint.
someone lifts her gaze to meet his.
turning to the next page he studies an oil painting of a woman in a ruffled dress facing a mirror.
he's drawn a girl holding a dagger dripping blood.
someone returns the books.
to the driver side window.
someone slides off his jacket.
now at work, someone sits alone at his desk.
grinning, she pulls her dress off over her head to reveal her black bra and matching panties.
a gray haired bearded instructor approaches glowering.
sitting alone inside someone brushes her bangs out of her face, then glances at the door as it opens.
he tries to split.
someone's view turns blurry.
he searches for more shells.
someone finds a large envelope under his front door.
the dogs run over to someone who tries to shoo them away.
someone and someone follow worriedly.
the two men go in.
she beams after him as he leads his three trusted friends down the country road.
someone lights candles around the room and pops a cd into a player.
the boy turns, looking over his shoulder.
his image vanishes from someone's screen.
her colleague enters an office across the hall.
later he climbs out of the pond and notices the meerkats staring behind him.
revealing a flood of brilliant light.
she takes a breath and heads back to her room.
someone and the others keep watching.
someone leaves the conference room, downcast, and sees someone eagerly waiting for him at the front desk.
someone faces an esu officer.
someone extends a hand.
someone gently shakes his head.
someone remembers the cinema, ikea, and the record store.
he follows someone out, then looks back.
she stifles her laughter in the crook of her arm.
he releases the pose.
someone rises and takes someone's hand.
someone shows a hand of cards.
later at home, she flips bread in a skillet, then slices tomatoes.
as he aims his gun at someone and someone, dayton residents crowd closer.
the frenchman snarls lustily and sinks down before her.
someone presses his back to a wall, concealing himself behind some barrels.
he races into the night.
someone slips her hand beneath his robe.
now she strolls through a quiet parking garage.
someone blinks behind the beaded fringe of her bridal crown as her husband kneels and lifts her tiny foot.
meanwhile, the same program plays on someone's swanky loft as he spars with a beefy opponent.
he binds the pigeon's leg.
bolted shut.
as her brother sits in the front passenger seat someone climbs behind the wheel.
he places the tray and silverware on a counter by the jet's windows.
outside lamar sits on someone's sofa, which rests on the front lawn among his other belongings.
soldiers lift the bearded man to his feet.
someone holds out another ticket.
half asleep, someone ambles into the bathroom, where someone still sleeps with his hand in the toilet.
lying in the dirt, someone reaches out desperately.
he picks up another penguin and holds it over the toilet.
she coos at the baby as he chews on the locket dangling from a necklace around her neck.
their eyes connect as the tiger looks up.
now, someone proofreads his handwritten last will and testament.
he loads a handgun.
standing along in the vast, isolated expanse, he turns his gaze toward the sunlit clouds above.
he slams down the receiver.
startled by the sound, someone and someone look around.
they cross the street with their hands in their pockets and climb into the van.
someone, someone and someone stare as someone eats more food, then sips from a coffee mug.
as they pass the south korean soldiers at the raised barricade, she blinks tearfully.
in the vault, someone holds the phone.
her breath fogs the glass.
she pulls the stocking back down her leg, then bites her bottom lip.
he shakes his head again.
someone leaves the corner.
someone maintains a stoic gaze as the gangster reaches a hand across the table, his palm turned upward.
someone leaves someone.
someone looks toward the gate.
she tearfully looks away, and watches the road.
he brings the bottle to his nose.
someone sits nearby with a group of students.
someone takes a hard right turn.
his chest heaving, someone shifts his bewildered gaze then looks to someone again.
someone mugs a wide-mouth smile.
someone hurries downstairs.
she smiles proudly, tears in her eyes, and puts her hand over her mouth.
now from outside her apartment, we see her meandering to the window in a plaid shirt.
someone leads agent barton to a door, then readies his hand on his gun.
he opens it and their beagle darts in past the cluttered counters.
elsewhere, someone flips a long banquet table then sits on steps of shiny black stone.
the rear view mirror shows another one in the back seat.
they pass a courtyard featuring a mao statue.
now dancing among the students, someone claps and spins in his red dress.
a fifth boat leads the pack, 50 yards ahead.
driving the yellow muscle car her father turns down the side street after her.
later, under gleaming skyscraper windows, the suv pulls into a space in a deserted civic parking lot
someone shakes a tums into his hand.
up on the bluff, onlookers cheer and clap.
a huge blast flashes over the town and radiates outward.
he meets her pleading stare, then bows his head.
the hostess leads him away.
someone pauses, watching him run toward a gate-like gap in the greenery.
he delivers a powerful roundhouse kick as more and more vampires join the fray, a staring someone backs away from the window.
he moseys over to the bed and reaches under his son's pillow.
now, they write at a table.
someone unwraps his bottle and pops the cork.
she puts it on.
tranquilizer gun in hand, someone freezes as he spots the grizzly on a hill.
someone keeps his eyes locked on the tiger's movement.
nearing the craft, someone pauses and doubles over.
someone props his hands on his hips.
now, at a corner cafe, the brothers eat at a counter.
someone's lips spread in a wide grin, and he reaches for someone's groceries.
the gray-bearded therapist gets up.
both men swing the arms of their cranes together.
at dusk above the darkened horizon, scattered clouds roll across the sky.
a gi reads a captain america comic on his bunk.
she gives a meek nod.
as she gently presses the fan to her cheek, the image fades to black.
someone crawls through the air duct as more water weighs down the spoon.
someone gazes at the ceiling.
someone doubles over briefly and flexes his fingers.
he hangs up and strides into someone's cubicle.
someone covers her face as the garage door opens.
they take on amoeba-like shapes as they float beside the canoe.
claim your steak."
she regards him compassionately, then gets up, pats his leg, and looks him in the eye.
gradually, in tiny starts and stops, their faces come closer and closer together.
the trooper falls into the bomb's rear propeller.
he shows a closer image of someone cheering and freezes it.
someone slowly moves to someone.
and he straightens and looks to his left.
the writer averts his eyes.
someone leaps up and chases the young lad.
on the tarmac, government agents stand ready with assault rifles.
she faces him.
now someone clutches a caricature of him and someone, as they burst into her apartment, kissing passionately.
as his captor casually taps his fingers on a counter,
now, in recovery, someone lies with his eyes closed.
the executives smile.
lights glow beneath the porch roof.
looking down, she pulls out a small brass key with a circular toggle
nearby, a girl talks to a football player.
someone hides her white panties in the gift box, then rushes to the front door with her purse.
the wave breaks behind him, forming an oncoming mass of churning white water.
as a truck trundles down a road into a thick barrier of trees bordering the estate,
the cards go flying and land in a scattered heap.
as someone reaches the bottom,
wearing his prep school blazer.
he moves with a rhythmic, purposeful gait, glancing occasionally over the slate-hued water.
someone stares into the rear-view mirror as someone changes clothes.
they watch the ball head for a green.
the agent in drag covers his nose.
as the teens take their seats the ferryman pushes away from the dock.
rolls over and drops the keys in his palms.
someone steps out in a bathrobe.
fbi field office, a chubby agent shows a jacket.
someone throws the baseball right into someone's face, then runs over to him.
as his siamese cat eyes him from a footstool, someone dials his cellphone.
young members of a band wave and take their bows.
someone notes an address on the model:
in fast motion night turns to day revealing the cityscape of las vegas, nevada.
their coach folds his arms, shakes his head, and allows a smile.
an agent snatches someone's notebook.
an antenna protrudes from the van's roof.
in a conference room, someone addresses a dozen suits.
someone gazes out into the house and spreads his arms.
using a pipe wrench, someone turns a wheel which rotates the prism, directing the beam outside the tubing.
across the street and around the corner, a black suv sits parked at the curb.
dozens of mops slosh his tesla equipment.
the dog skids across the polished floor as he runs up the hallway opposite the toyshop.
he pauses, staring out at the intimidating surf.
the narrow eyed man scowls, his cheek against the pavement.
someone turns his back on someone and whips his blade through the air.
someone gets out of the shower and finds his sister sitting on the toilet.
they moved to a set of double doors and ram them with their shoulders.
someone turns around, smoke pours from the dam's sluice gate.
someone looks around and glimpses someone hurrying alongside the building.
someone cross to a large window and remove his jacket.
someone picks up his rifle and looks down into the gloom.
his jaws set tightly.
someone gives a slight bow and plants his fist against his palm.
someone, standing and dressed, wrinkles her brow at someone's butt.
beyond his lips swirl colorful galaxies, planets, and stars.
sitting in the audience, the senator gazes behind himself at the applauding crowd and nods to his assistant.
he steps away.
as he goes back inside,
she opens the door, steps inside, and waits briefly.
he soars into the barn.
her colleague steps up.
the car pursues someone and the stranger down a deserted street.
she meets his gaze.
her naked upper body exposed, someone straddles someone posting her arm on a headboard.
someone backs out of someone's dressing room.
he touches the screen.
he nods to a man in a suit and walks into the smoky lounge.
someone crosses the street and walks up to the front door.
as someone faces her parents with a hopeful smile they swap looks, then beam proudly at her.
later, he sleeps on his mother's shoulder.
he scribbles a chicago address on a piece of paper, folds it, and tucks it into her jumper.
outside, someone pushes past pedestrians as he races toward the train station.
the russian man blinks as if dazed, then shifts his gaze to someone as she greets a mustached general.
as he turns away, she leaves the table,
someone gazes listlessly out the window.
she recalls the young boy with the scar on his cheek lying in the bed next to hers.
she steps in close.
she takes the bag and holds it up.
someone runs into the diner.
the rocker's cell shows someone vomiting.
there is a small arms fire coming from the roof.
the stunned woman takes in the romantic setting.
they aim their guns at the corrupt coach.
their penguins drop to their bellies and slide past their feet.
someone's mouth falls open as she sees the gory scalp underneath the long blond hair in his hands.
moving past him, someone leaves the terrace.
with soaps in her arms and faces someone.
now at pleasure pizza's counter, someone and his buddies come in.
cameras flash as the paparazzi clamors for shots of a couple arriving on a red carpet.
someone glances away as one serviceman moons him.
cringing tearfully, someone smashes his guitar on the pavement.
someone's ears prick up.
someone sets out into the thick fog and bumps into the thief coming the other way.
a pistol falls out of someone's jacket and onto the floor.
someone beams at the bird, then turns her back to us and strolls toward a gentle valley.
then tips over a table and unscrews one of its metal legs.
someone raises someone's hands to his lips and kisses it.
someone holds up a snapshot of the slender young woman posing with her hands on the shoulders of the chubby-cheeked boy.
someone sets two pens beside someone who holds her head as she reads the papers.
on a screen, a brown-haired woman smiles as she holds an infant boy.
he disarms another.
someone's dancers perform on stage.
someone rises from a chair in the portico behind him.
from a stairway, someone ascends into view in a white sheet dress that shows off her long tan legs and graceful curves.
as she follows the kids upstairs, someone heads to the door.
as he faces forward, the grin fades and his eyes widen tensely.
now he drives someone in his vintage convertible.
someone reaches out from behind the half pipe and retrieves a tiny skateboard.
in flight suits and hoodies, someone, holloway, and rag-tag crew members get food and beverages.
someone shows her the book's author picture.
someone strides out.
the elevator drops down to one and the piglets stand.
she takes out a few credit cards.
she forks up a bite.
the penguins follow.
the wedding planner confronts a server.
side-by-side flat screens display someone's video game.
someone goes to a waiting area where someone sits.
now an alarm clock reads 5:30.
someone aims and fires the gatling gun at someone.
with a wistful look, she closes her eyes.
the couple steps out back and wanders through a festive picnic.
he drops the file in front of someone.
he turns and smiles.
she shakes his shoulder.
someone eyed the scruffy clerk.
the both stared straight ahead.
with her back to someone and the protesters, she wears a wounded stare as she walks away.
beneath an over cast sky, we zoom back from the steeple of the ukraina hotel.
turning, someone pauses.
now the principal holds a nudie magazine.
branches intertwine over ahead creating shade as he passes.
he notices her chest.
someone stands up straight then gestures to her blanket.
someone gives a showman's smile, extends his arm in a mock shrug, and melts into the embrace.
he drapes an arm around her shoulder and she hugs his waist as they head inside.
someone moves in, swinging wildly.
now, he rounds a corner on a tricycle, drinking and driving.
someone's cousin arrives.
the smoke clears a bit as the vehicles emerge from the tunnel and speed down the city streets.
someone points up at the city's sculpted stone buildings and at the multi-level eastern columbia building with a large clock face and the word eastern in bold white letters.
someone watches him for a moment
someone bends into the man's line of sight.
at the rink, someone works a puck around a simple dummy consisting of two feet and a stick.
her lips pressed to a thin
he kisses her hand.
they tour the campus.
she opens her purse.
the general falls back and passes out.
with a disgusted gape, someone makes a phone call.
her cleavage overflows.
hanging on by their legs, they grab each other's wrists.
together mouth three, two, one and drop the veil like a net.
he presses its curved receptor to the inside of his wrist.
he raises his eyebrows.
looking at her computer, she exhales deeply and sets her arms down.
autumn pulls out a second phone.
someone sighs, dropping his head.
as the guard leaves, someone puts on his glasses.
someone's eye stares fixedly from the narrow space behind the door.
now in central park they carry sandwiches
he gives the floor a scuffing kick
he pulls the young kicker in, uses him as a shield against the tall boy, then flips the younger into a trash barrel.
as the dust settles, shield agents peek over a car at the destroyer.
someone and his companions shoot down a tunnel and vanish in a flash of light.
and the guard shoots him in the chest.
they share an amused smile.
he hurries after his daughter.
his jaw hanging slack, as he turns and trudges away.
the mother faces the water.
he finds his father hanging his trousers over a railing, then sitting down at an empty table in his shirt, jacket, and boxers.
someone joins her behind the counter.
as one of its doors opens, someone crosses a dingy lot nearby where a crude tent sits near campfires.
someone's at the photocopier when someone walks up.
a drop of his blood falls from his cheek and hits a stone.
someone pulls into the parking lot of champion o'malley's and parks near a side entrance.
someone hurriedly joins the gathered warriors on the banks to watch.
inside, the hoses continue releasing gas.
silhouetted against the moonlit mist, someone puts on his stovepipe hat.
back in his own tent, someone wears his costume as he packs a bag.
now in a courtroom, someone sits at a council bench.
a lovely woman rides up front, wearing a worried gaze.
the guys enter.
placing one hand on his gun he creeps toward it.
turning, someone sees her dogs in the back seat.
the team approaches it.
he takes a deep breath.
someone's family watches.
now, a wall clock reads 6:25.
he tucks it into her pocket.
she grins, then starts off.
he convulses.
which he outlined in red ink.
someone nuzzles the top of her head, as he sweeps her long blonde locks behind her back.
two assigned soldiers get into the dusty sedan.
lowering the phone, he glances around.
someone slides the folded fan out from her sleeve.
now, as legions of soldiers march double time through the woods,
following, the armored truck hits a car and fishtails around another.
someone's head slips forward and the bloody bottle drops to the floor.
upon seeing them, he covers his mouth and steps back out.
someone grabs his coat.
he shimmies up and down.
she extends her hand.
she gets in the back.
later, they strut into a police station passing two hookers.
where several framed photographs stand.
someone steps out to the handrail, smirks sadly, and removes someone's ring.
someone's dancing with a young lad.
now someone rides her motorcycle over a bridge as a train passes underneath.
someone follows someone's gaze to someone.
he catches her.
someone gives the conductor cash.
as they wheel in the hand truck, at street level, the two guards watch the upper lobby from the top of the stairs.
someone uncovers her own eyes.
it has the letter b in relief on it.
mr. edelweiss takes flight.
he flips a switch, turning on a light and someone's jaw drops.
as his father goes inside in his shirt and skivvies, someone shoots a look at someone.
as the boats sale around the island our roving view finds someone on the shore.
she walks down a corridor.
she shoots out the moon roof.
she inspects the pans.
water rains around the probe as it plunges several stories.
someone sits at the bottom of the pool, clasping his bent knees.
in the back seat, the center arm rest flops down.
the three sisters sit among the choir.
sitting at a crowded desk, stacked with manuscripts, a young man with dark curly hair and glasses answers telephones.
under his brother's glare, someone stops and faces him once more,
someone looks over an empty apartment, as a white man stands at the open door.
his back still to someone's remorseful gaze, someone shuts his eyes and bites his lip.
406 pounces on him and he wraps the plastic curtain tightly around her head.
they both take a look at the bulldog gnawing at one of the tesla coils.
someone glances back at someone, then moves across a hallway into a connecting compartment.
the image freezes and he becomes the high-kick silhouette on the tallest trophy.
makes the sign of the cross and
across the room from someone, someone holds up the nazi coin, aligning it to the someone's frozen gaze.
someone nears his target holding his ax at the ready.
she tilts her face away from a security camera.
he enters the plushly appointed office.
now, someone holds someone's arm as he escorts her down a sidewalk.
a hydra trooper charges toward the entering soldiers with his blaster raised.
a lion statue rests at the base
someone releases a stream of it as well.
someone takes his feet off someone's desk.
inside, someone turns distractedly from her violin.
a wing breaks from the aircraft igniting a fiery blaze.
someone stops with someone at his side.
the humvee lies in wait.
someone rushes over, the other's stare.
someone nudges someone.
someone tries squeezing her left hand out from the thick restraint strap as someone trims a little of her hair.
the car parks alongside an old wooden fence.
his hands folded on his chest.
someone clubs him.
someone strides down the corridor.
someone grabs someone from behind, exposes his neck and sinks his teeth in.
someone glances down at a crutch resting against the bar between someone and herself.
the crowd claps and the two dancers behind someone sing backup as they step from side to side.
now, as he drives her through the city, someone faces her side view mirror.
he sees someone rub someone's back, the someone side steps away.
using the cab as a moving shield to hide from the boys, someone walks at a crouch alongside it.
someone's pierced lip curls aggressively as she listens.
now alone together, they arrange a bouquet.
someone lowers his regretful gaze.
someone comes upstairs to find his brother lying on the floor.
clasping his neck, someone kisses someone, then rests her forehead against his.
someone gazes at someone.
someone carries someone inside,
in the strategy room, an assistant uses a long stick to remove a flag from the war map and pass it to someone.
a reptilian monster thrusts its head out of the wall,
she stares at a combination kfc, pizza hut, and taco bell, and shakes her head as she drives past.
as they inspect the area with their flashlights, he faces a wall of safety deposit boxes.
in the dressing room, the girls huddle around the newspaper feature.
someone's got a medal too.
lifting it to her face, she smells it
a bulb bounces off the padding over someone's
someone wraps his arms around his teacher's waist, seizing him in a hug.
elsewhere, someone addresses five children.
turning abruptly into the street, he cuts off a speeding car, which skids.
staring at someone, he gives a faint sad smile.
taking it, someone sips.
as our view slowly orbits the ex-lovers someone's distanced stare drifts.
on a ridge ahead, three athletic dark haired men in wetsuits wait with surfboards.
and sets her handbag on the counter.
then someone spins on the street and resumes her walk.
someone's lips curl upward.
now his mom arrives home from work.
he continues down without looking up.
lifting her brow, she drinks innocently.
her dress hits the floor.
master someone eyes the boy, then faces mr.
the tiger bolts away.
our view raises from their tent, ascending a flagpole for a glimpse of the entire camp as runaway slaves arm the union soldiers with the silver-outfitted weaponry.
her shoulders heave.
frowning, the waitress leaves.
the girl reluctantly backs off.
someone reaches out to take her hand
someone drops the aspic in the sink.
now, they lie on top of each in the aisle.
ron someone stands, and picks up a newspaper.
outside his apartment, someone bypassed a pool.
in the back, someone finds the young woman comforting a 12 year old girl.
staring at her intently, he nods.
the brown-faced executive spreads his hands.
someone humps someone's leg.
he lands on a bunk beneath jaggerman, as the other stack of cots tilt over.
someone peels off his jacket then removes her own as she resumes their embrace.
it's dark with the first wisps of pink morning light as someone strides over a bridge.
hydra soldiers turn to face him.
as someone sits gloomily on the bus,
spotlights flash on a mansion.
riding a train, someone pages to the list in harriet's book.
he stands motionless at the top of the clock tower, as the setting sun casts long shadows over the train station and the rest of the sprawling city.
the boy moves off with a wounded pout.
holding a marker, someone draws a check someone in the air.
a dark shadow passes over them.
she picks him up and twirls.
someone stifles a laugh.
later, an elegant pavilion with a roof shaped like a pith helmet houses dining tables and a dance floor.
on a roof, someone passes someone flowers and plates through a window.
someone gazes tenderly at him.
they crouch as the burly first mate walks past on the level above them,
a bald mustached someone leads a team escorting a hooded prisoner.
they slow the ships descent to a controlled pace.
someone and someone stare at someone while the other two look away.
meanwhile, someone waves the limp sheep's legs.
below, officers creep toward the entrance.
now at bustling pub - the blarney stone, someone finds someone sitting at a table outside.
back in the present, she walks down a sidewalk, a knit cap pulled over her hair.
standing his ground, someone slowly turns his head.
he tosses the carton back inside and shuts the door.
the boys film a scene outside a house swarming with soldiers.
at night, the store's lights shut off and the metal security door rolls down.
he starts to sway a little.
someone walks to someone, who stands on a balcony and looks out over his sprawling kingdom.
her attacker regains control of the gun and pistol whips her.
now, someone exits the building.
he sniffs the lizard.
she steps into the water and splashes it.
he slides the wrapper out.
he stalks off.
someone carries over a box.
someone hops up in pain.
he runs and leaps into the back of the last transport truck where inside, two masked
later, someone stands backstage at a small theater.
from a distance, the island shows contours like that of the human body lying on its back.
as the signal changes, someone hurries back to her.
he sits wearing a blindfold.
someone plays guitar.
later that night our view rises from one of the mustang's headlights to someone,
someone and the aid help the decrepit old man to his feet.
responding to her gregarious jintian sisters with faint smiles and nods.
someone watches him set it on the counter.
someone enters a waiting room and finds someone asleep on a couch.
someone tackles someone.
the bully lands on his back and someone delivers a blow to his nose.
he takes cover behind a garden plant.
which splashes at his knees as he moves across the stream.
facing someone, he swings the knife.
someone wears a proud look.
the elevator opens and someone freezes.
loose papers fly and a wind blows blankets off the bed.
she ends the call, glancing at an older woman beside her.
someone gets to her feet, then pulls someone off the floor.
subtitles appear your hair is beautiful.
she cocks her head at the unhatched egg.
she sits opposite someone in his office, as he leafs through graphs and charts.
she snags his cell.
gleams from the center of a gold band encircling athena's helmet.
stacks of old computers and other equipment fill the room.
later she steps into an suv.
orange juice angrily thumps the rim of the boat.
perching beside them on the arm of the couch, someone leans forward, and tickles the man's knee.
later, someone throws the ax.
he gestures at the bulge in someone's pants.
shutters open along the side of the ship, revealing cannons.
they have fun chatting as they drive through the sunny city.
someone enters the room and finds someone lying face down on a bed.
someone parks a faded hatchback at the curb.
someone works on a car.
a tweet from someone is superimposed over her tour bus.
someone spots a vampire climbing on to the roof.
young women cheer and wave.
he scans the submerged cave, then takes off his bag and lets it fall to the ground.
now, in his wetsuit, someone waxes his board on the beach.
he gently tosses his weapon away.
someone serves her friend a dumpling.
someone and someone hurry onboard and take a seat.
someone reaches the bottom of the shaft.
she rolls her head to face him.
a guard punches in a code and a wire gate opens, letting someone through.
he halts.
later, someone holds someone.
rolling her eyes, someone strides off.
she gives an impressed smile.
lifting it onto his shoulder, the wavy haired criminal peers through its thermal sight and finds ghost rider's glowing image as he speeds along the cliff above the quarry.
someone gives a horrified gape.
now the coin floats around the spread fingers of a grown man's hand.
the creature glances away then turns back to someone.
someone comes in.
as someone accepts it, they share a respectful smile.
a petite blonde woman watches two cars approach.
someone joins someone.
inside the clock tower, someone and someone gaze down upon the city.
someone jolts, then hugs her kids.
someone holds a pen between two checkboxes labeled, denied and approved.
the tanker slows to a stop gushing oil and fuel as sparks fly from the tumbling motorcycle.
now they find the truck nose down in a river.
as the guys approach a wrecked car, someone carefully checks the interior.
he lies staring through the flames, then pulls his head out of the fire.
he hops on one leg.
someone scowls and mutters damn.
he places a hand on someone's shoulder.
a steady trickle of water drifts in a nearby doorway, as they proceed toward another room.
closing his eyes, he wraps his arms around her.
he removes his glasses, and looks at his reflection on the elevator ceiling.
someone grabs a handle attached to the cable.
someone pats someone again.
an inmate throws a prison guard off a watchtower past the title.
she beams as someone rubs her cheek and steps past.
she nuzzles his arm and he grins.
a nervous someone hangs up.
as the woman goes in, someone loiters briefly.
back in the surveillance room, someone paces as he monitors the scene.
someone glances over at the drinking men.
someone notices them from the dining room and strides observantly through an archway.
someone enters the room and leans over the injured woman.
she eats another bite of egg.
he looks from his mother to his phone and shrugs with a wry smile.
a softly glowing green pearl sits nestled in one of the slots.
someone and someone turn their backs.
someone sits at a place setting.
at the top, large clocks face out from every side.
maintaining his hold, the older man bites his lip.
someone approaches the stage.
someone leaps on to the bomb and raises his shield, but a trooper dives onto someone from behind, knocking his shield to the floor.
with his left horn stuck, the minotaur yanks itself backwards.
as their embrace intensifies, they passionately kiss each other's necks.
treading water, someone turns.
now, someone's mom scans her wrist.
with a fearful look, the chauffeur pops open a back door.
the vampire looks up at them.
as he steps away, someone lets her arms relax at her sides.
a pretty woman with strawberry blond hair comes out, trailed by two boys.
they get back in the mercedes and peel out.
the climber stare down the tunnel where more light gleams of its jagged walls.
now as she rides with someone on his motorcycle, her sheer scarf flies away.
he gingerly removes her hand and sits up.
stepping back, someone checks the double barrel chamber and finds it fully loaded.
someone clenches his jaw as he watches her leave.
with its doors still open, the car pulls out of the town square leaving the hostages lying helplessly in the street.
the eyes of someone's helmet light up as he raises his head and surveys the destruction.
she hurls the cup at him.
unseen by the rival goalie, someone watches someone steadily.
someone gives a smirk.
someone steps out of the cab.
their faces press together as if sharing a kiss.
someone grins from ear-to-ear as he's greeted with handshakes and pretty smiles.
someone grabs a weather vane.
someone raises his brow as someone seethes.
a globe shows the middle east.
someone faces a door and knocks.
at dusk, someone shuffles through a teaming marketplace illuminated softly by lanterns in each kiosk.
a band aid on his forehead, and dressed in a suit.
his body dangles inside the corner as he grips rails above his head.
someone listens in.
the agent accidentally shoots someone's hostage and the teleporter vanishes.
someone fumbles the powder onto the coffee table.
someone picks her up and her aggression subsides.
in the morning someone grins as he looks down and draws with a florescent pink paint pen.
he stares off nostalgically.
she smacks his hand, as he steals a taste.
descend on the others as they cross.
someone slams his fists on the table.
she sees food on her gum line.
as someone steps away, the salesman lurches.
in the lab, he opens a wooden crate containing massive tubes.
the tunnel in someone's observatory flashes brightly as someone rides the bifrost back to asgard.
it reads, how's it going with stares at trees?
in the house without a chair, someone balances on one foot, crosses the other over as if sitting, and props an elbow on his crooked knee.
someone draws a paper slip from the box.
she wrestles him to the floor.
he hangs the poster on two panels of corkboard on his wall.
now, someone opens a jewelry box drawer and takes out a paper fan.
as he notices the other musicians, the audience members leap to their feet and the bass player smiles.
he looks at the file, then takes out a pack of cigarettes.
he rips someone's head off and strikes someone with it.
the girl's face crumbles in sobs as she grabs someone's hands.
now the living room flat screen shows a scary puppet riding a tricycle.
with one hand on someone's waist and the other on his neck, someone kisses both of the older man's cheeks.
as the truck drives through the strip
revealing a pale hairless body of flawless muscle tone and proportion.
the teen gives a dimpled smile as he returns the hug, then faces his work with gleaming eyes.
he empties the clip in someone's dead body, then connects a hard glare with his daughter's smiling sadistic gaze.
polly averts her gaze.
someone spits out his scotch bottle's cork and holds up a glass.
he wags his finger from his chin.
someone chases her through the huge furniture store.
kicking his other leg out from under him, the fighting someone continues to pound on the knee.
wearing the pants, he puts on both rubber boots.
she smiles, sitting back in her chair.
men in military uniforms watch from the back of the club.
tattooed words cover his torso in a bloody scrawl.
someone pushes through the double glass doors and walks towards someone, who stands.
as she peers directly at someone his eyes widen.
someone grabs a snack.
someone gets out of his suv and opens one of its back doors.
he sits over the toilet, smoking as the bath fills.
someone steps out from the wings with a plate.
he grabs someone's ankle.
someone inserts his finger.
snatching the bag away, someone searches it and finds a bag of bird seed.
as he leads her off, someone gazes at his grandparents.
the door to the command truck and follows the detectives inside.
later, he reads his work.
someone points as the teen disappears into a side door.
beyond the agent, the bar dissolves into images of someone, someone frost in her diamond form, and someone appearing.
lord someone closes the distance between them and glares at someone.
now, someone sits in a chair in a small room papered in tattoo designs.
returning with her steaming noodles, someone runs a google search on wennerstrom.
with a frown, she grabs the passport and money.
climbing down, someone lands hard on his back.
someone and others rehearse or perform live on stage.
he now wears only briefs.
a swat humvee arrives in the garage with its lights flashing, trailed by two police cruisers.
the time zone barricade rises back up.
the train's engineer, wearing goggles and covered in soot, leans out of the engine car.
he briefly locks eyes with someone, then heads off.
now he holds a pair of slacks on an ironing board.
the boys change direction, soldiers run down the street past a large two-story houses as missiles zoom around them.
later, an aerial view shows his baby-blue delta driving away from the taj mahal.
she shares a smile with someone, then looks to someone and jumps backward over the edge.
someone pours the shots into the beers then touches his glass against someone's.
someone passes to someone and the pixie-faced girl looks up.
the detective glances at the hostages, then steps out into the hallway.
someone passes into a living room where soft light filters through ornate geometric screens covering the windows.
in the helicopter, a soldier readies his rifle.
they walk arm-in-arm.
with the phone's receiver cradled against her neck,
they retreat from the flames, dashing upstairs, and running onto an upper catwalk.
someone tightens his lips.
someone and several other agents climb into vehicles and speed off.
someone approaches as data and the outline of a suit pop up on the screen.
remaining with her, someone strokes her cheek.
an explosion blows out the observation booth's windows, raining down glass.
inside, someone sits with a bandage over his shoulder.
she lets her hands drift downward.
in the hangar, someone opens a storage room door.
the penguin runs off and someone gives chase.
as we push through thick, churning storm clouds, deck lights illuminate a freighter in the night.
she places the ashtray and cigarettes on the table beside the defector then takes a seat opposite.
the rider keeps his head in a firm grip, staring relentlessly.
the older man lowers his fake beard and gives her a smile.
he storms out into the night, striding down the road, fighting back tears as he encounters a couple walking arm in arm.
he points to mel gibson.
while he searches a rack of clothes.
someone lies motionless with his eyes closed.
she sips wine.
he speaks to someone through the passenger window.
she enters their fenced in area.
another teen holds out his arm in mock indignation.
he sulks off.
as someone turns, the remaining engineer forces a pair of side doors open and leans through.
tugging hand over hand, he reels the boat closer.
he glances at the priest then holds out a hand and regards the painting of jesus being crucified.
they move the man into the captain's cabin.
she looks back up at someone.
who stands in the doorway.
now a vent cover flies loose and a bare foot steps out.
an invisible vampire grabs a sword then materializes to attack.
someone holds up his mother's necklace and peers inside the open locket.
later, someone enters their hotel room, holding a half-finished drink.
he reaches for a bottle.
wet with condensation, the doors windows show the med pod moving on its own in the flickering light.
with his thoughtful gaze fixed on the sleeping girl, someone lets his eyelids shut.
someone enters the apartment, watching as the boy flings his fists and feet in sloppy punches and low kicks.
the high mural becomes an animated depiction of slavery throughout world history.
back in paris, someone roams their elegant apartment, fanning herself.
and gnarled tree branches,
now they head downstairs.
she lies on a chaise next to him.
he stops and glances around.
his brow furrowed, mr.
someone watches his father place a gear assembly into the automaton's chest.
smiling faintly, he nuzzles her auburn hair, then shrugs his head.
he halts at a door to a private room and takes it in.
the man in black steps closer, his head cocked.
a stick figure holds a syringe to another's penis.
someone slips into a bedroom where someone wears a union uniform as he plays with toy soldiers.
someone hangs back, pensively taking in the cheerful scene.
someone approaches someone, who waits on the porch.
as the dancers disperse, someone approaches someone.
in a white shirt and black vest, someone comes out with his new guitar and gives a shy wave.
as someone's face hovers over her, he smiles.
reaching the entrance, someone pounds on the glass door.
the yellow hallway lights glow harshly above someone as he hangs his head for a moment.
he stops opposite a house in a quiet neighborhood, pulling up on the curb, barely missing a fire hydrant.
the soldier rises then let's go of his gun and falls to the ground.
someone takes up the board and rubs his father's shoulder.
someone leans back in his chair and takes a deep breath through parted lips.
he lumbers wearily with the bucket and butter.
gazing at herself in a small mirror, she adjusts her straight auburn hair.
she has no other sisters.
from a desk he grabs a pen with a plunger at its end.
a car turns onto a dirt driveway and passes a sign that reads, whitaker crop dusting company.
he adjusts a few berries, clarifying the message, move in, with a question someone.
they enter the producer's office.
someone watches from the ground as does someone.
hoover faces the press.
then glances at the coffin and paces out.
someone's form presides over the flaming fountain.
as someone embraces his adopted sister, someone joins the group.
someone coyly brushes someone's belt with his finger.
as someone slurps it down, someone jumps off the boat, he tries to push away on the raft but finds a line tethering him closely to the boat's prow.
as the doctor leaves, someone and someone rush in.
she and someone peer down at the unconscious man.
someone glances at the suited men posted nearby.
another piglet trots off.
the jet soars over the opposing fleets.
behind her, someone combs her hair, her eyes fixed on the blonde.
a box pops out of the panel.
someone shakes his head with a furrowed brow.
the audience turns, peering at the people to the right.
the mastermind enters the secured office, approaches the desk and picks up the phone.
he heads upstairs to a second floor.
as someone jogs up the someone toward the beach, the soldier jumps off the railing and plummets 15 feet into the water.
the chopper holds position and hovers overhead.
someone stares back defiantly.
other lawmen observe from a side table.
in the light of the now open door, someone holds the ax while someone crawls toward the door his face beaten and bloody.
halting, he gazes down a narrow passage between two of the hulking vehicles then treads through it.
someone watches as he suddenly springs toward his prey.
the minivan drives over a bridge
nearby, dozens of other locals perform graceful steps and gestures in unison.
someone emerges from the canvas shelter.
as someone and someone close in on the border, someone cuts them off, his gun raised.
the girl sits beside a matching doll.
the ship explodes.
at the drop ride, someone frantically kicks the zombie in the track suit clinging to her leg.
at the fashion show, someone leads someone towards a man.
a ball smacks him in the back.
he brings his left foot up, then his right.
the men with flashlights draw nearer.
in the hallway, audience members mingle backstage.
as he turns to leave, he knocks over another server.
someone holds a smoking gun.
someone throws his ax, but someone catches it.
sliding along the street as if ice skating, another soldier clings to his rifle as it flies toward the tower.
bourne approaches someone at a desk.
they pass a row of older casinos blaring flashy lights.
he turns to his students.
sitting on his desk the white cube vibrates.
the fair-haired man gently swims across the rocky pool and climbs onto a ledge.
someone puts his hand up.
someone hangs her head and sobs.
she runs off the other way.
now someone moves around the perimeter of someone's house.
now someone rips a spherical object from a glowing branch.
sputtering, someone rolls off the canvas and the tiger reclaims it.
moving down the counter she pauses at a server.
now in the driver's seat someone revs the engine.
someone looks over at him and gives a friendly wave.
his headstone reads ruben cogburn.
he wears a button down shirt and a neatly trimmed goatee.
his gaze calm, someone lunges forward between the seats and wrenches the steering wheel.
they see hundreds of eagle-sized bats.
someone eats popcorn from a bowl on his belly.
he looks in, but remains unseen.
someone drinks chlorophyll from a glass.
someone's smile fades to a comprehending scowl.
gazing out the window, she smiles at the filmore marquee which reads, "msomeone gaye, saturday 9:00 pm."
now they browse dresses in a someone boutique.
someone steps closer and cups her face in his hands.
now, in someone's car, someone rides with one wrist cuffed to the door.
on a beach, children sit on the sand amid a small tent city.
someone dumps the remainder of the box into the trash can.
the rider dismounts and walks his horse toward the cabin.
someone shuffles along like a penguin.
an aerial view shows the lights of washington d.c. glowing around the dome of the capital building.
inside the cave, someone joins someone at another computer station.
she sits back down on the stoop.
she has a gloomy expression.
a smirk plays on ferris' lips as he regards the staff.
she carefully sidesteps as she lowers the flashlight and discovers a small black object in the dirt.
the writers eyes sparkle and the corners of his lips turn up.
creeping stealthily down a hallway, she reaches a break area.
the patrol boat cruises along the coast.
someone pushes on his crooked arm as someone holds the block.
the white-haired businessman gives a confused look.
he stares at the sales attendant, then shifts his gaze.
now by someone's bed, someone shoots him with a toy gun.
she pushups as her dad helps.
her jackets hangs slung over her chair's backrest
she joins her hands together and rests them against her forehead.
her nose, cheek, and mouth stained with dark blood clots.
someone pushes fran to the floor.
the inspector rushes up behind someone.
someone crawls along a row sending patrons to their feet.
now, someone leads someone down marble steps to a sandy beach enclosed within rock formations.
at a restaurant named gunther's, workers serve up fish and chips.
he retrieves a small case from a lower drawer.
as someone heads away, someone turns back to her friend.
someone lifts his head.
lightning flashes in the distance.
looks around, then gets up.
then inches closer.
he leads someone down a flight of stairs.
the successful business woman crosses paths with her and rolls her eyes.
as he picks up the materials he notices a stack of 8 x 10 photos sticking out of an envelope.
drops of water splash against their helmets, someone turns to his father and meets his gaze with a broad grin.
a look of realization crosses his face and he shifts his worried eyes.
someone leads someone to a car.
her hazel eyes shine as she beams up at him.
attempting another call, he crosses to a bedroom where pillows and folded towels lie stacked at the foot of the bed.
he takes off the toy' outer shell and uses a small hammer to pound it back into shape.
he glances over his shoulder.
in the film, baer hits campbell repeatedly in the head, knocking him to a corner.
stepping forward, he sees someone pause at the door to watch her suitor go.
someone sprints up the stairs as his father exits the building.
the pony-tailed client picks up a metal briefcase and follows the assistant out.
as the unicorn tips to one side, it lifts the other ship out of the water.
someone spears a man in the chest with his devil's tail.
opening it, he finds a red booklet titled, "survival at sea" lying atop an array of supplies.
he shakes his head.
stepping out of its egg, the baby trips.
turning, he pulls through a corridor and out onto the front driveway.
the dancers hop from foot to foot, their hands beckoning the audience.
someone lies still in her bed.
on a country road, he nervously stares at the foiled wrapped meatloaf nestled in a cardboard box on his lap.
a boy misses a basket.
she rests her hands on his shoulders and they kiss.
the kidnapper reaches for the radio.
a bulge sprouts at his shoulder under his jersey.
he opens it and flips through the pages.
the maroon datsun drives off and the old beige van follows.
as allied soldiers pour in, someone picks up a blaster and incinerates several of them before running off.
someone, wearing his suit, spots someone wearing a knee-length pale dress.
clutching the automaton to his chest, someone wades through a river of people exiting a train platform.
they pat their hearts and raise their hands to the sky.
the sisters go inside.
he slides his arm around her waist and she clutches the front of his shirt.
meanwhile, someone races past rows of bookshelves, looking down each aisle.
outside a public high school, someone shows someone's cd to passing students.
nearing someone, someone slings his whips in circles, and criss-crosses them faster and faster.
she holds one in her mouth as she stabs her thigh with the other.
someone stares straight ahead then closes his eyes.
later, he hurries.
glowering, someone turns away.
she strides through a vacant reception area.
the butcher drags an old woman from another room.
someone moves to his son's ledge and crouches.
he peers out a window.
someone turns her back to the stage.
he unzips the flap.
someone looks down at him, lips parted.
in the boat, the zebra lies dead.
someone regards the paper, nods and smiles.
she shifts and looks at him uncertainly.
at forward base, someone sits in front of the monitor swigging from his bottle.
in a flashback, a boy receives a handful of change from an ice-cream vendor.
he gazes at the triangle, which contains the glowing element.
someone guides her dejected son away.
her brow wrinkle as she walks away.
someone leans in, reaching out to the flightless bird.
he checks the chamber in his pistol then tosses the weapon on the floor.
someone counts down on his fingers.
someone reads a text.
they notice someone outside.
without warning, someone gets thrown backward.
as someone reads a letter, someone arrives.
our view swoops close and follows one of the lesions as it creates a trench along the limb.
glancing back at the lion enclosure, he locks eyes with the big cat.
he shifts his eyes.
they're on a set of a forest with dry ice, making it seem misty.
he lifts her limp body back on to the table.
he forces her foot to the pedal and they leave her driving instructor behind.
he stops and faces her.
someone and brown-haired preston crawled under the platform as the other boys flee.
his head out his window and watches the city whizz past.
man demonstrates.
someone turns the steering wheel and stomps on the brake pedal.
his mother stares at him, her brow creased.
two men approach, one is heinrich.
he tucks a loose lock of hair behind shaun's ear.
someone responds in kind then watches through a telescope as someone heads off on his horse with little blackie close behind.
he stops when he sees a naked woman.
in the video, someone holds up her menu.
he hands her an enormous charred steak.
the driver glances back with a quizzical frown.
now they rush into a toilet stall.
later, someone takes the little girl upstairs, followed by someone and someone.
she drags him aside and wipes her hand on his vest.
as he opens it, water gushes out, knocking someone down.
he pulls his seat belt back across his chest and fastens it.
someone gazes nervously at someone's glare and swallows hard.
now shirtless on a cloudy day,
the captain barks into his radio.
we watch someone and his men terrorize.
someone gazes longingly after it, then glances back at someone someone and grabs the canvas cover.
wearing his trench coat someone slowly ambles along with a briefcase in hand.
his phone lies in the grass nearby.
the sniper aims again.
billowing black smoke, the sea plane lands on the ocean surface in the distance.
someone slowly removes his sunglasses and gives someone a bizarre wide-eyed stare while slowly shaking his head.
they jump up and slap palms.
someone presses his right thumb onto a small device.
night falls over the vast desert.
the car comes to a stop under a bridge.
she looks at a light shining through a half open door.
in an armory, a man reaches for a sniper rifle then grabs a composite bow instead.
behind the bathrooms glass paneled door, the penguin swims by.
he tries again and the blast knocks him over.
now, they arrive at a vendor selling fried insects on sticks.
they bounce down steps, spin to a stop, then roar off again as a tank wedged inside a building rumbles after them.
only through pain someone you find beauty.
as he rolls up his sleeve, someone puts her drink on the floor.
someone smiles at someone, then looks around uncertainly.
someone wrenches herself from his grasp.
outside, someone loads a limp someone into an suv.
as his sister crosses in front of him, he follows.
someone looks up at her.
the catty blonde struts over and thumbs erins shoulder.
the producer adjusts her skirt, then picks up a remote control.
now someone receives more food items.
later, as he arrives at a blacksmith's forge, a glimpse beneath his hood reveals him as someone's goateed accomplice.
the sidecar detaches from the motorcycle.
as someone steps away, someone warms his hands under his arms and shifts his thoughtful gaze.
someone gets to his feet, his gaze locked on the tvs.
as someone jogs toward the luxury pick-up, the thug wriggles out through a window on the other side.
someone turns to someone who hurries out after her.
someone smiles as he walks towards someone, seated at a desk.
now, from the dome's crust, we view a golden sun peeking over the horizon.
he clutches the towel over his penis.
sister removes her hat, revealing a black eye.
they pull into a handicapped spot.
its door drops shut.
someone finishes up a text.
hugs his teammates and the crowd rushes over.
she starts to panic.
a glittery shaft of sunlight on a river overtakes the image.
someone stares as another officer leads mr.
p.s, thanks for not beating me like my wife does.
someone glances away with thoughtful eyes.
he wears jeans, a thick suede jacket, and a stetson
ahead, the elegant guests scatter as someone and his men march in.
the archer pours two mugs.
standing in a mirror, someone clips a blonde weave onto the back of her head and blends it in to her own hair with a brush.
she leads someone toward the rock formations.
wide-eyed, someone watches him pour a glass.
he pulls the cigar box from the drawer and grabs his wad of cash.
the child lays it on his chest over his heart and hugs it tightly.
someone turns off a lamp.
someone's face hardens.
someone runs under a bridge along a river.
scraping his rear claws against the painted metal hull, the tiger climbs back aboard.
someone rises slightly from the floor and takes aim.
smiling, she steps away from the car.
over his shoulder, he spots something coming and his eyes widen.
someone faces homer's hostage.
they become faceless cartoons with bright white skin as eggs splatter on their dark clothing.
a full-figured raven-haired woman holding a to-go cup appears in her doorway.
someone pats him on the shoulder.
glaring, someone shakes them off.
propped on one elbow, someone sits awake in bed, her eyes darting to the lower regions of someone's blanket.
now, a sign outside an office reads, alfred a. knopf, new york.
now, someone leads the way through the narrow passage leading to the devil's restriction.
on the movie screen, clark gable faces someone powell.
someone tosses someone his duffel bag.
and wraps her arms around someone.
as he steps away, mr.
all dressed in the same baggy coveralls, the men and women line the small office.
someone strides out of the room.
he steps onto a curb and crosses a sidewalk heading for the general store.
in the courtroom, the masked men scour the someone, aiming flashlight-mounted rifles.
someone wears a saltshaker taped to his head.
later, at her apartment, someone does her makeup.
he shows a liquor bottle.
he glares at the gangster.
getting into a car with a young man.
someone regards the tiger woefully.
in a shadowy arena, workers unroll kung fu mats decorated with yin-yang symbols.
someone arrives at the pool.
someone snatches the scroll from the air.
in his car as the robbers exit with four hostages.
someone sets the volume onto a table.
back in the shop, someone polishes the automaton with a strip of cloth.
he lies down on a modest twin bed.
lion statue is coming to life as someone and the boys smile.
then he sees a brunette woman near a dozen suitcases.
pepper stares at someone, who walks across the room, as a long-armed robot brings him a champagne bottle and flutes on a tray.
he tosses aside the air horn and pulls out a machine gun.
he disgustedly lets go of his cousin and glares at him.
as he leans his head back, it emits countless black particles like ash that float through the air.
someone pulls off one of someone's boots.
as someone faces someone, someone turns away.
someone knits his brow and shakes his head.
the others rise from their seats.
someone wears a military uniform and
now, he exits the shack, his left arm hidden inside his coat.
someone steps closer, studying his captive.
nearby, someone crouches behind a parked car as the destroyer continues to advance.
hostages cower on the floor near a bookshelf as one of the criminals throws open a door.
the carriage slides to another new line.
she closes her driver side door and triggers her keychain remote.
a few fish continue passing by and they skip along the calming surface.
the young teen moves through shafts of sunlight
someone faces him.
someone turns and strides out of the room.
the scraggly haired man stiffly shifts one shoulder then turns a corner.
someone hangs on someone whose argyle sweater now bares a bloody hole.
she heads outside where someone and duke play basketball.
the someone mouse joins a someone mouse on top of a wedding cake.
the vet jabs the needle into someone's neck.
he enters a store called smart tech carrying his front bicycle tire and bag.
he lifts one boy by his britches, and swings him in a circle, letting his sneakered feet whack another boy flat.
someone tucks a fresh shirt into his pants.
someone reaches the top of the stairs and sniffs some boxes and rags.
someone's view whirls to the bathroom, as the pajama-clad
on board someone, holloway rushes to the front windows, while someone follows warily.
she touches a figurine on someone's desk.
someone raises his brows and beams.
someone stares off, transfixed.
someone looks over at his mother.
an arrow bashes him away from the puck, knocking him down.
then takes the garment bag with her gift off the bike's rear cargo rack.
and sitting in a restaurant.
holding a boom microphone, someone smiles as the train zips past a few feet away.
someone gets in after someone.
as the younger g-man eyes the body, someone dons his hat, his stare stoic and grim.
a masked someone holds up its young, long-haired proprietor.
his wife and kids come out of the next room.
now at home, someone's observation notes lie strewn on his bed along with ocean maps and various science books.
with an intense stare, he proceeds toward it.
the penguins rush back to the someone.
he pats the tub.
someone looks from someone to the others.
someone draws a card and reads.
he throws his toy pitchfork into the crowd.
the knives stop inches his face.
they sit face to face.
he fearfully lowers the phone, then looks back at someone.
someone grabs it and stows it in her tool belt.
now someone walks the grounds of the vanger estate.
a male presenter, ralph pollard, sits next to her and a make-up artist brushes him with powder.
as they each head back to their own doors, they share another glance.
beaming hopefully, someone steps closer and rises up on her toes leaning her face toward his.
it drops into the ocean and sinks to the bottom of the sea.
large air bubbles escape her gaping mouth as her body shakes with sobs.
the driver lies limp with a long cut up his forearm and a streak of blood staining the corner of his mouth.
someone embraces her sister.
a nazi officer wearing shiny black boots and a dark trench coat steps out.
people are dancing.
the henchman leaps from a concrete barrier to the riverbank.
someone lays a hand on her shoulder.
someone takes the control unit from someone.
sharing his point-of-view, we peer out from the rippling folds of someone's coat while making a controlled descent toward the landscape below.
out with the bespectacled suydam and a slender young man.
as someone looks away, she notices a man in a stylish cardigan sweater leaving his house.
a concentration camp identification number mars his inner forearm.
a satellite map of chicago appears then zooms in several times.
using a knife, someone decapitates it.
the plane pulls out of a dive.
someone deftly blocks every strike.
someone forces the truck toward the side of the road.
inside, someone sits at a laptop.
stepping past, someone pauses, raises his ax and turns.
later that evening he sits, watching the news.
in the desert, a red pickup truck drives up a dusty dirt road.
someone stares at him, then shifts his frustrated gaze and nods.
meanwhile, someone climbs out of shallow water onto a rock ledge where someone stands filming a cavern with a video camera.
the hostages watch
an envelope slides under the bottom of his door.
orange juice peers down at the hyena, then sits on steadily and faces her human companion.
someone steps out of view as the man backs away.
swat officers sweep the space with rifle lights.
as the tattoo faced monk looks for him, someone grabs the swords hilt, causing its blade to rust and crumble.
an explosion inside the chamber blows out the glass and sends stark and the engineer flying backward across the room.
now a taxi pulls away revealing someone in a navy blue sheath dress.
they land on the police van, then hit the ground hard.
she soberly looks up at the apprentice, her raven-black hair whipping in the wind.
as the yellow hummer speeds off, someone and someone look on.
smiling bemusedly, he follows the out another door and down a hallway.
the monk twitches a tight smile.
he deliberately spills his popcorn on the smart aleck.
someone watches them hug and nuzzle each other.
she looks over the first group of sculptures, which depicts a wedding party.
she splashes water on her face, then looks over the counter.
the fbi listens in.
someone buttons his jacket and accompanies his host into the spacious foyer.
he breaks off the top and falls back onto the bed.
someone kicks him into a pillar splintering its wood.
someone helps someone to his feet.
someone awakes on the sofa and notices a lady's meaty fingers caressing his arm.
from overhead, the three black sedans round the corner and continue down a one-way street.
he hurries out the door.
ferrari picks up speeds.
she smacks him, then storms offstage past a group of her peers.
then twirls in front of him trying.
he shoots the biker multiple times in the chest.
someone blinks his sullen eyes.
he opens up a note and reads.
screwing her mouth to one side she lowers the phone and looks away.
they bring their horses to a halt as someone draws near.
as someone uses it to climb on board,
outside, someone walks backward 20 yards from the gate.
his limbs splayed as he stares at the enormous craft.
he leans over awkwardly, bracing a hand on the bathtub.
the other woman at someone's table turns to watch as well.
his gaze grows distant and his hand droops.
in a darkened bedroom, someone lies on his side and rubs his shoulder.
now at a restaurant a waitress serves drinks.
he stares at the brunette in the red dress who laughs and beams.
he lifts the urn to a window.
bending over, he splashes water over his face and close cropped hair.
his head rests on a third chair's arm.
but someone blocks his strikes and punches him in the face.
a dancer hands her a fan and she covers her chest.
now in the children's room, someone's shadow passes over their sleeping forms.
smiling, someone stands, punches the man's face, then slams the man's forehead into the sink.
someone hands a camera to a goateed guy wearing a ramones t-shirt.
someone uses the radio.
an image appears on a monitor.
the sorcerer flourishes his hands.
people watch a movie.
ghost rider shifts the levers and the wheel crashes down.
outside, the agents take their positions, someone and hurt ducking to a storefront's recessed entryway.
his wife lies slack-jawed and motionless.
someone pulls a bottle from an inner pocket.
the little girl gazes up at the shimmering dust.
someone bounds up and clasps it.
beside her car he kisses her.
front tire as the motorcycle levitates.
sitting atop a black war horse,
reappearing, he grabs the supervising agent and teleports him into the sky above the base.
brow furrowed the station inspector strides toward them.
he glances at his mentor's blank face, then repeats the cycle.
a third guard steps into the hallway.
she drools spittle onto the cartridge and rubs it in,
he sets it in front of her.
someone climbs off her sweat-stained bed.
the boy collects hor d'oeuvres on a plate.
a new window appears.
someone releases a triumphant sigh.
raising his fingers, he wiggles them questioningly.
facing his reflection, he blinks his bleary eyes.
a kangaroo hops gracefully around its grassy enclosure.
someone looks around.
she leans forward and sets her hand on the open hatch.
the clerk stares at his book as sheriff throws a candy bar at his head,
a crazed zombie slobbers on her window.
as he reaches for his gun
someone hits him with a snowball.
outside, someone and his men advance down an alley.
someone wrenches away, then playfully smacks someone's head.
tour cities include milan, berlin, london.
his bleary, someone twists around and looks over his shoulder.
someone stops and slowly lowers his hand.
as they hold eye contact, someone mournfully tightens his jaw.
someone charges but someone kicks him away.
as the two women wrestle for control, the black-haired woman applies the brakes.
outside, someone holds on to her son's arm, as they cross the street and head toward their car.
both boys catch their breath.
someone stares with a conflicted gaze.
his teammates join him.
the handsome man sits.
someone arrives at mr.
someone tilts back his head and rolls his eyes.
he wrestles her to the ground.
someone sits alone at one of them, nibbling on a dinner roll.
another leaf drops to the ground.
sitting in a day bed with a bottle of jameson irish whisky at his side, someone takes a steadying breath and ends the call.
thick smoke rises from the wreck.
she blows out the flame.
now the oxfords make their way down a hall.
makeshift tents line the muddy road filled with foot traffic.
he checks the timekeeper's clock.
his little nephew spins around with a bucket on his head then collapses.
in the white limo, someone shoots the champagne bottle in her grip.
someone leads someone away.
putting it on, she strolls down a hallway
someone turns his gaze out over the slate-grey water surrounding them.
angelina jolie's has a black x over it.
she boots him backward.
our view follows the rockets.
she lands halfway outside, face down on the hood.
as she leans in, he turns his cheek to her lips.
his ears spring out as his head grows too big for his body.
he splatters the contract with blood.
as he opens the fridge, he notices
two sharks swim nearby paying little attention to the graceful intruder.
their expressions soon turned bored and inattentive.
someone sets down his hand.
it features a swastika.
elsewhere, someone climbs a stairway.
someone gestures to someone to go ahead.
turning a corner, the president and his men approach an elevator.
someone reaches for them futilely as they wash overboard.
a father and son team runs away from their infected competitors during a three-legged race.
his own headlamp off his helmet and replaces it with his son's.
a second guy in a chimpanzee mask waddles out with a lead pipe.
the ship descends towards clouds.
pulling back his sleeve,
up ahead someone's former schoolmate steps out of the minivan with a group of guys.
leaving the building, someone steps out onto a street crowded with pedestrians.
a confused someone looks at someone.
she puts her hand on her heart.
he places his mouth over the gas tank spout.
someone faces him through the kitchen window with a wounded stare.
under a bright lamp, she painstakingly works on one of her sculptures.
they reach a table.
someone kicks him in the stomach.
he wags his head, swishing his moppy hair, and his little sister beams.
in a classroom the teenage boy draws in his textbook, sketching a mustached man with a worried face.
straightening out of a slouch, someone grabs his helmet.
someone turns to face him.
now outside a rest stop bathroom, someone practices knife attacks.
someone steps out as someone and kicks the duffel aside with one of his orthopedic shoes.
someone confronts him.
at the cia field office, someone and someone work at their opposing desks.
the other patrons snap their fingers and clap.
someone takes someone's blouse off, lays her down, and leans over her.
he climbs out of bed and trips as he makes his way across the room.
our view lingers on the open air office.
someone looks to someone hopefully.
a headlamp beam appears from the darkness.
back in the elevator, someone looks to someone.
in a small movie theater, someone sits and watches a film of someone and his men riding in the back of a truck.
the wave briefly rolls him as it passes by.
one of three cups and swirls them around each other on a board.
they approach the troubled man as he lifts a cigar to his lips.
abigail is dead.
he eyes clay on a table.
someone gives a weary blink.
on jotunheim, frost giants flee as towering pinnacles of ice and stone crumble around them.
in the dressing room, the dancers fix their makeup.
behind someone and her friend a flyer reads friends with benefits.
someone notices her.
cameramen record the scene.
someone closes her eyes.
someone gives an embarrassed smile and a wave.
later at a flower shop, someone stands alone with an open binder in her hand.
a man holding a clipboard steps up to someone.
he looks tense.
they pass the california border.
snowy, with a scroll in his mouth, catches up to the falcon and pins it to the sidecar.
someone jerks the gearshift and reverses down the street at high speed.
with a gun in each hand, he spreads his arms, shedding the tactical vest.
someone brightens, his grin missing a couple baby teeth.
as someone heads off, someone grins at someone and pumps his fists.
a plastic fish pops out, and the sheep walks away.
inside, a heavily bandaged someone lies unconscious.
he shifts his serene gaze, then gives her a soft nod.
she lowers her disappointed gaze and purses her lips, then gets up from the daybed.
left alone, she bites into a strip of bacon.
the bounty hunter ventures toward the vehicles tail-end and the thug edges around its front.
in a dressing room, someone wears a blue gown.
a young fairy reads, while another peruses food in a display case at a counter.
someone stops inches behind her then scoots forward and bumps the pedicab again.
unzipping it, he pulls out his regular clothes.
three soldiers run to the outer wall.
someone writes, someone snaps.
he retrieves it.
he leads her in to a foyer, then gestures.
the crashed south jet aircraft stands almost completely assembled, with parts strewn around beside it.
eyes downcast, someone stays seated by his deceased partner.
angel hovers in the air beside someone, who hangs upside-down from the ceiling.
together, he and someone crouch and examine some skeletal remains.
someone sweeps an arm behind him in a welcoming gesture.
on the street, harrison ford hurries away from someone.
someone blinks, then furrows her brow, and presses her lips together.
someone shakes off his hand.
she sets a few file aside, picks up a document, then leans back in her chair and reads.
later in his living room, the big-bellied guard wears headphones and a track suit as he scratches on a turntable setup.
someone, she carries a boy.
she crawls out from under the ship.
an army recruitment poster featuring uncle someone hangs on a column.
the car careens off the road and tumbles end over end into the basin.
checking his cards, he finds a pair of queens and places his wrist under a scanner.
at night, someone addresses someone.
someone stares up at the statues as he passes.
his jaw drops as he spots an eviction notice taped to it.
the private jet's passenger door opens and the stairs fold out.
he spots the moneybag.
someone works his way up to a sprint, staring at someone through wild eyes.
someone sits, writing at his desk in his cell.
he then sidles to his right and trains his light beam down a smaller tunnel.
farther along, he approaches a window to a coffee house marked, "communication cafe."
someone exits, leaving someone awestruck.
the impact zone, the girls duck dived.
someone sits back.
he shoves half of the remaining sheathed twinkie into his mouth, then bites down on the wrapper using his teeth to hold the cake in place.
as someone hides around a corner, the strands of a beaded curtain take the someone by the neck and arms.
it cures high blood pressure when you boil it.
the automaton draws a five-pointed star then a series of curved lines.
now in the gym, someone collects scattered dodge balls and sets them in a bag.
it reads, if you see something, say something.
an opponent bashes someone in the back.
meanwhile, someone sneaks downstairs.
staring down at her.
her mouth hangs open, her lips dry and slightly parched,
the kids head off.
after a while, he looks at his wristwatch, then steps out onto the balcony, and leans on the railing, looking down around the parking lot.
he offers a kind nod.
her boss enters the room and she turns to face her.
someone's teammate passes to him and he launches the ball into the air.
they look around, slowly.
someone races to the garage and gets into a van.
as the photographers crowd before them, baer poses.
inches his left hand toward the gun nestled in his waistband.
someone shakes his head, then furrows his brow.
someone crosses to the island counter.
someone stoops over her as her struggling weakens.
cyril's lips purse into an uncertain smirk.
he makes his way to a bedroom door, tries the handle, and finds it locked.
someone swivels his pointed arm.
inside the fenced compound, people stream into a cavernous aircraft hangar.
as someone and someone lie kissing on the kitchen island, the picture fades to black.
someone climbs outside the train and reaches for someone.
he hurries down a hill.
someone uses the canvas cone.
the tycoon and journalist sip their drinks.
they head towards a church, sitting on an expanse of open land.
he hops down from the platform, then sits in the chair and blows into the flute, calling up a holographic orb.
they find the remaining teens on a bench.
she peeks into the bedroom.
he slowly wakes and sits up.
someone looks into her eyes, then steps back and leaves someone by the edge of the roof.
the others join them.
a young solo violinist takes the stage with a distinguished conductor.
someone heads back into the gallery.
someone lays fingertips against his temple and gazes thoughtfully at her.
someone heads home.
someone faces an open bedroom door.
the dealer slides two cards from his five giving someone a straight.
someone notices him reading and focuses on the food as someone's wife returns with another scoop of potatoes.
a dark-haired cnn reporter appears on tv.
fireworks blossom over a pair of high rises lit in a pinstriped pattern.
now standing together on one surfboard, the girls ride a gentle wave.
another police car t-bones the datsun, which flips onto its roof and skids toward us.
she turns to face to bed.
she shoots someone and the vampire lands on her back, the silver sword dangling from a hole in her head.
he treads toward someone and eyes him uncertainly, then drops his gaze to a small black box.
elsewhere a range rover turns into view.
someone rushes his opponent.
she rummages through supplies.
someone and someone pass through the gates to the kung fu school, where the throngs of red-clad students hang out.
at the table, dugan and the other men sing.
he slides her his amex.
later the recruiters walk a prison corridor.
as someone's son slings his backpack over his shoulder, a strap breaks.
someone runs upstairs.
someone tosses her cell on a dresser ignoring the call.
the two friends stop singing and peer up.
now, someone sits on a surfboard, a white lei around his neck.
she blows out another candle and climbs under the covers.
in front of the house they walk across the lawn as someone carries the baby toward them.
the slack-jawed man points at the clerk.
he shuts the french doors.
lifting his foot, someone finds a hold.
meanwhile, the bus arrives at a terminal.
someone strides forward,
bail denied pending trial."
someone opens the can.
someone hops onto a counter, removes a painting from a wall, and hangs the iron man poster.
who glances determinedly at his best friend beside him.
someone nods gently, and she allows him to remove her necklace.
as a tear runs down someone's cheek,
someone checks her watch then turns up a radio, windows behind her show the passing train.
someone opens her door then turns on a shower.
someone leaves the kitchen.
the crowd cheers and an old man pinches her butt.
she sways slightly, her hands joint beneath her chin and her gaze softens.
sitting with the family the officer jots notes.
standing, he gazes at the floor, his shoulders hunched.
racing into a bathroom, she slides open a window, pulls herself out and drops onto a ledge.
he regains his footing and hurries on to a vampire turning a hand wheel.
he steals food from a guy's takeaway container.
someone rushes outside as a blue car speeds off.
the deejay punches keys on his laptop.
she watches them walk off together down the sun-dabbled footpath.
she leans in close to the killer's face.
two campers look on.
the red pickup truck pulls up to the lip of the large crater and stops.
as someone leaves, sister opens her compact and lines cocaine on the mirror.
the goateed man returns to his table.
the boy looks down at someone.
a brown-haired girl wearing a beret steps up beside the man and sets down a loaf of bread.
a dusting of snow covers the floor, exposed railing, and beams.
picking up a notebook, she heads to the back of the classroom.
her lips pressed into a brisk smile, someone opens the envelope.
pushing aside two guards, someone emerges from behind their protective wall.
she smiles and they hug.
words lock together, rule number 4, seat belts.
someone watches more leaves fall to the ground.
then tucks a gun behind his back.
as a few deputies and guards work in a front office, a janitor enters.
his jaw muscles tense as he peruses his father's words.
she shifts the minivan into park.
he smiles and raises his eyebrows.
sir someone glares at the silhouetted figure as he approaches.
someone's arm lies draped across his stomach, her hand to his, as she sleeps with her
a blonde woman bedecked with jewels scowls then smiles at the now white-bearded king who sits upon a high golden throne.
someone turns to someone who sits in the front passenger seat.
he removes a leafy bit, inspects it, then puts it in his mouth.
rockets spin three large fins like a fan, propelling the craft into the sky.
a bloody mouth fills our view.
she plants her hands on the wall and bows her head.
now someone lights a bowl of marijuana atop a hookah pipe while someone and someone each draw in a hose.
the agents look away uneasily.
smiling, she drops an envelope in front of him.
someone waves him on.
with a coy smirk, she steps out from behind the counter and slips into her coat.
with her back to him, she breaks into a smile.
someone frowns at someone, who smiles meagerly.
now, someone nods to doris.
he sets down a drink then answers the door to someone.
he gets in his face as he heads out the door.
now, in a safe house, he runs upstairs and knocks at a door.
someone jerks his other arm forward.
a mountain of fruit rests on top, and a second veil of dangling beads offers a semi-obscured view of her nervous face.
he gives a crazed look.
as he turns away, someone's shoulders sag.
he scoots up against someone and folds his arms.
a group of monks greets them.
his shoulders sag in relief and someone pats his knee.
she puts the photo back.
he stares downward by the door and stills himself.
both men glance down at her.
with one hand, he shoves sister to the
revealing a loose fitting tank top.
he tosses someone's clipboard.
someone takes the box and hands it to someone, who places it in the hole.
drawings litter the floor.
in a daze, she slowly walks past the front desk.
someone pulls out a crushed red bull can.
ghost rider gives his chain a tug.
someone's husband climbs out.
she chases after it.
poopsie flies off, waking someone on an inflatable mattress.
there feet clad in flippers, they lazily tread water.
he leans in for a kiss.
she raises her champagne glass.
a panel behind the statue pushes inward to reveal a hidden compartment.
someone stares as someone shows a girlfriend a ring on her left hand.
as he jumps up and down on the hood his cohorts get off their bikes and watch.
below, the inspector looks at the clock then checks his watch.
later, someone enters his house.
inside, someone levitates down with someone on his chest.
holds it out in front of himself.
someone smiles and watches her dance ecstatically with her eyes closed.
the lifeboat section ejects from the ship.
near shore, a wave crashes violently against a huge jagged rock formation.
crystal smacks someone's head.
someone sits beside her.
the captain watches the cargo ship.
at her laptop she stuffs junk food in her mouth then types, magda, underneath a line reading status equals unsolved.
sitting on someone's shoulder, crystal slaps a hand over her head.
looking up at someone, someone shakes her head knowingly and smiles.
the heavy caliber bullets rip into the building, following the helicopter's searchlights.
it snorts, fogging the glass.
someone grabs him and thrusts his head into the fire repeatedly stomping on the bellows.
he grabs a chair.
someone walks into view casually and peers at the soundboard.
the kids part for someone who makes her way past them, leaving someone staring sadly.
as someone closes his eyes, someone watches with an anxious look.
she swings at a pinata, but misses and smacks his grandma in the face.
the doctor turns the bottle in his hand.
later, someone uses a candlestick phone.
someone covers her mother's hand with her own and someone touches his sister's forearm.
someone approaches someone's booth.
as her children look on.
sitting in his briefs, someone turns to face her.
the barista sets the items on the counter.
he smacks someone's fist.
marching to the bed, she blows out a candle on a bedside table, turns off the cd player, and hurls some pillows to the floor.
now, someone reads cosmopolitan.
standing upright, the pale bald titan looks over his mesmerized visitors.
she scoops up a chunk and eats it.
he looks around and drinks from the bottle.
he catches up to mr.
the narrator stands up a motorbike for cover and points his shotgun over the seat.
someone takes his phone back.
he stands and watches several helicopters approach.
someone rolls underneath.
covered in swirling day-glo patterns, the van sputters fumes as it travels up the road.
simon gives an awkward nod and someone crosses to her drink at the bar.
as someone runs to the car someone and someone retrieve the camera and other equipment.
he grabs her forearm and gives her a few minutes.
the creature appears behind someone, grabs him, and tosses him far away.
attached to the boat with ropes, it forms a crude ladder.
displays an arrow moving along the map as she drives.
he opens it then turns his attention to a window.
flames engulf the someone, then shrink into his hands as he absorbs the energy.
someone holds a baseball in one hand.
someone peeks over the rock ledge and watches someone struggle to his feet.
someone spits his out.
other female attendants turn.
the mermaid carrying a staff strolls past the three women.
a pale confederate runs on despite a blood spraying chest wound and a bullet through his hand.
now, the black security guard sits with his back to a concrete wall.
someone accepts a tray.
her narrowed eyes glistening.
on the bluffs, someone shades her eyes as she watches.
he playfully reaches for her camera.
the doctor unhappily faces him.
she halts in the doorway.
he tries to wave her off the stage, but she turns to his band.
someone returns to the sink and pops another pill.
the contemporary woman regards her sadly.
the guard passes and places a key on the shelf.
she drops her face in the towel.
someone drops his head in embarrassment.
in the warehouse, the others run away and take cover beside an exit.
a partition slides down, revealing a groggy teen girl putting on glasses.
someone's gaze falls on a large round object wrapped in leaves.
she feeds someone a bite.
now, two squad cars speed toward the abandoned sedan and screech to a halt.
in a forest, someone kick-starts an armored motorcycle and speeds along a dirt road.
someone inches over to him.
she wipes her mouth.
as the man turns back to the wheel, someone knocks on his window.
someone's arm rests along the open window, someone jogs outside, and he gets out.
powers up, as the thug grabs a machete.
his other arm curls around the massive stack of completed homework assignments as he heads down the sidewalk at a brisk pace.
now outside, someone draws a sneering creature with no eyes or nose.
a stocky pre-teen boy pick it up, quizzically rumpling his lips, and returns to his table.
someone twitches a smile.
someone snarls, and circles his arms around each other, then takes a ready stance.
she spills her soda on someone's lap.
she nods irritably to herself.
reaching over, he grabs an earpiece from the glove box and puts it on.
someone shows mr.
her lips tremble as she finds words.
he points to a chubby boy.
rips his arm off and kicks him across the yard.
he takes a sip.
someone closes his eyes and lifts his brow then returns to the living room.
now she leaves with someone.
he flips the bird and leaves.
air force drones follow someone as he zooms high into the sky.
drawing his gun, someone returns fire.
someone mounts his horse and she leads him onward.
she lowers her sad, resigned eyes.
he follows someone upstairs.
someone glances at his phone then looks up as tyler swings into him.
he glances back at someone someone who sits calmly on the boat.
wide-eyed, someone shifts her confounded gaze.
the gossipy girl dashes off.
ghost rider leaps from her hood, landing on his motorcycle.
the sputtering teen manages to sit up and catch his breath.
she allows a tiny smile.
silhouetted against the gray sky, someone bows his head.
in the studio, someone eyes the section of wall covered in drawings and other artwork,
she steps back, smiles at someone and leaves.
someone lands safely on the back of a plush alligator.
he misses and the bottle lands on the grass.
he covers his eyes.
a pair of twin towers rises like horns from the massive building.
he smiles gently.
at the other window, someone appears in front of a trembling agent.
someone slips inside.
someone's attorney steps away.
he points to a crown on his mug.
holding his gaze, she leans in, lays a hand on his chest and plants a tender kiss on his lips.
someone stands and gently touches someone's brow.
a wave carries the beast to the lifeboat's rim.
someone stops and stares at someone, and rolls her eyes, and continues on.
now at smart tech he stands on the sales floor.
he slices a banana.
she stops
he shoots a zombie woman in the head.
someone leaps down and kicks one agent, then ducks into a side tunnel as more agents give chase.
meanwhile, the cruiser speeds down a nearby road.
she peeks into the hole.
a tall man faces someone.
teens play on the other side of the glass.
someone takes the phone.
he sits down at his work station.
the pretty teen puts down her work, kneels at the window, and lifts the sash.
the cat jumps onto a table, climbs up a curtain, and knocks over a vase as it runs along a shelf.
everyone turns to look at someone.
now, under a dusky sky, someone, his daughters, and someone walk alongside a fence that borders a green field.
walking legs pass clad in black.
someone backs off, returning his attention to his kill.
now, someone magically propels four throwing knives at someone.
the children stands and peer through the hole
using a rounded mirror on a pole, a soldier checks the underside of the first sedan,
he steps further into the apartment,
someone gives a thoughtful nod and regards the teen.
someone smiles and meets him.
it opens as it lands and she takes a pad.
he blinks his clear pale eyes in the bright morning sun and his woeful expression grows serene.
he points at his original penguin.
shielding his face, he rushes toward the loading ramp as the rotor intensifies.
someone opens and holds out a jewelry box.
the thieves hustle out.
later in his bedroom, he sits at his computer.
he trods over to the table and picks up the envelope.
now at a flat roof mansion, identical glass paneled doors line a lengthy balcony.
in a park near the water, someone and someone have a barbecue with some of their friends.
someone lowers himself on top of the jill-shape stain.
later, he shows her a bulbous black spider resting in a glass-encased web.
someone wags a finger, then sits at his desk.
he stops in the bar area.
someone opens a gold cigarette case and briefly thumbs the contents.
someone climbs out.
he smiles and someone gives a nod.
someone covers the seat with toilet paper.
alas, it's done.
someone walks up to the tower and aims his shotgun.
he cocks his head at someone, then turns back to the pretty woman.
he gets a 100% match on her nose.
he nimbly climbs down to her.
just through a drawer, tossing items
he hands a bag to the bearded thug.
the admiral grimly lowers his binocular
he shifts in his chair.
the woman scowls suspiciously.
someone blinks thoughtfully, then doffs his mask.
someone reaches into the sack of employee phones, takes one out and scrolls through its contacts list.
someone radios his team.
returning from a corral, someone throws down a pitchfork.
he returns it to a weapon stash.
behind him, armed men in body armor and gas masks fill the truck.
someone downs two shots, one after the other.
now someone answers her door.
as someone releases the bar strangling her, the captive morphs back into her human form.
suddenly, someone pulls back.
now someone stands on a hilltop.
cupping her face, he kisses her.
the handlebars break on a crossbeam and someone swings on to a paper lantern.
someone barrels past security guards as he races down a hallway.
he lifts his brow and smiles.
a toy with a rotating pole.
now, someone's footprints appear on a carpet as he steps into a den.
standing beside her, he raises his bow.
the husband smiles.
someone dodges the blasts, then flies in behind the bomber.
approaching the young artist, she regards the portrait appraisingly then tilts her head and smiles.
he glances at the sharks below him.
someone watches her leave with a lascivious look in his eye.
one bronzy 10-foot sculpture, shaped vaguely like a mermaid bears a pebbled texture.
someone faces farrell someone who wears red jacket.
she barrels one over then punches the other.
a magician with an assistant saws someone in half.
someone glances down at his son-in-law's extended arm, then exits as well.
he continues his chore with determination, as he moves from cabinet to cabinet, removing and tossing bottles and cans.
he places his hands on his hips as glances back into the darkness.
he staggers down the steps, clutching his abdomen.
someone sits staring at him.
a doctor enters and she rises to her feet.
someone attacks her.
gazing out her window, someone smiles.
he turns in a different direction.
like wings as they run circles around him.
in the 3-d holograph flying red beacons map out a tunnel system.
she rounds a corner, then peeks back at the woman with beau.
someone stares after him, then glares at someone.
someone hangs on with one hand and grips snowy with the other.
later, wearing a new captain america uniform and mask, someone picks up the round shield painted with a white star inside a blue circle surrounded by red and white bands.
turning around, he finds himself face to face with someone.
crouching on a deck, he shoots the players hiding beneath then beacons someone with the wave.
lined up behind him, his fellow students sidestep into view, copy the gesture, and bow solemnly.
elsewhere, someone stands on a stage in front of a crowd of us servicemen.
he park at the new house's driveway.
now someone and others stick playing cards to their foreheads.
she wakes up and glances outside, avoiding someone's gaze.
the members of the flash mob abruptly disburse as if they're just commuters going about their business.
someone parks the porsche and gets out.
their hands rove up and down each other's backs.
another closes her eyes.
the messenger stands, gives a slight bow and strides off.
next to a sticker depicting poop with a halo, a hand-scrawled arrow points to a phone number.
she inspects him intently then turns to someone.
someone's jaw drops into a gleeful grin.
someone grimaces as he locks the rt unit into place inside his chest.
the vampire hunter rides on leaning down for his ax as he passes.
big loopy letters spell, hey someone.
someone shows the sweatshirt and someone nods.
he steps out to meet someone and they sit on a roadside park bench.
his older colleague hits a button on his desk which activates a camera.
holding a tranquilizer rifle, his partner communicates with him using military hand signals then disappears.
the other man gets off his horse and walks toward the cabin.
holloway leans down again and kisses her hungrily.
tears well in someone's eyes as she stands.
someone draws back his bow.
behind his back, someone runs off.
someone self-consciously stops laughing and glances over at his sister.
only the middle mannequin remains standing.
he freezes then precedes to the foyer where he picks up his keys and wallet.
someone faces a window.
someone injects himself with a hypodermic needle.
he hands someone a wrapped cloth.
and soy sauce.
we find a proud grin on someone's face.
the traveler steps forward.
someone hold the shield in front of himself as he and his squad members barge into a factory, firing their weapons.
she shakes her head, then looks at someone and someone.
then continues on.
who flashes a tight smile.
she wears a pretty, floaty dress.
he lifts it to eye level and peers closely at it.
doors ahead open, revealing the devastated remains of someone quarters.
back on earth, someone, someone and someone gaze up at a flashing storm cloud as they stand around a circular pattern on the ground.
someone surveys the corpses.
words appear - someone is currently awaiting trial for exposing mnu's illegal genetic research program.
philip slurps down an oyster.
the others follow suit with their automatics.
one crashes through a skylight in the rec room.
someone smiles and throws one arm around his friend's shoulders.
a man engulfed in flames pursues a firefighter.
now someone scurries across the rooftop, to the waiting chopper.
she brushes past him.
as someone nods and smiles, someone lifts his lips to hers.
water laps at his face, and flows over his mouth.
now, on a bridge stretching over a sparkling stream, someone weeps into his hand.
he breaks, backs over the already crushed bodies, then drives forward over them.
as snowy wanders off someone turns and shines his flashlight onto a snarling rottweiler.
a side-on view that tracks the coin's path switches between someone and someone.
silhouetted against the sunny sky, the magical woman slowly descends out of view.
someone kisses his friend on each cheek.
now, a young woman dangles her blonde hair.
the man presses it with his finger.
over the table and someone shoots her.
he beckons the bearded supplier who hurries over with the missile launcher.
they shoot through outer space along the bifrost bridge then emerge in someone's observatory.
they push through the crowd toward a stage.
someone wears a sleeveless dress.
orange juice scoots back on the bench and shrieks as someone bounds passed her and runs in circles.
someone shakes her head at him.
entering his room, he shuts the door behind him.
then closes the lid.
someone enters, wearing a wedding dress with a veil obscuring his face.
he looks up, his face ashen and his chest heaving.
he watches, as someone loads items in the back of a car.
backstage, someone's personal trainer stretches someone's left leg skyward as she lies on her back.
someone seizes it and snatches it out of his hands.
at hammer industries, someone kicks open the door to someone's control room.
they sway in one another's arms then slowly shuffle sideways.
a man gardens in the hallway.
someone holds out cash.
as we peer out from the lobby through its glass doors, day becomes night.
the rottweiler backs down and rolls onto its side.
he falls backward.
as someone leaves the room someone sits.
crossing the mist enshrouded floor, someone arrives at another code panel.
a billboard, featuring someone's mother, reads, kitty borgata.
he pings a die cast figure.
still smiling, he steps forward then glances down at the two cups in his hands.
as someone struggles, someone smirks and bends down.
the boy recoils.
someone's eyes shift.
the boy runs to someone.
he finds another parade photo beneath it.
choppers swoop down toward
it lands on a baggage carousel.
someone puts down his glass, someone does the same.
high above, twirling his hammer over his head, someone hovers in the eye of the storm as lightning flashes around him.
a newspaper headline, mystery man saves child.
now, kites float high in the sky.
still clutching the bride's hands, she glances into the street,
someone knits his brow thoughtfully, then meets someone's gaze.
he checks its display, then answers with an uneasy look.
later, the silver sedan follows the minivan down.
the caddy crawls out from hiding.
only feet from the water's edge, densely packed trees form a lush forest.
someone steps up beside.
at another house a photo shows the five boys with their coach, outside, a husky guy plays with two kids in an above ground pool.
a woman steps in.
as someone heads out, he comes face to face with the cat.
someone climbs back up and scrambles around as the others shout at him.
she flips to a second page.
someone lunges toward someone.
a winch reels in the chain, pulling him free.
at a town meeting, someone stands on a small stage.
followed by four tail fins.
still staring at the drawing, someone slowly sits.
someone reaches the staircase and someone steps back inside.
dirty water splashes them.
a rifle as he advances on someone.
he lays out different fireworks on the ground and connects them with a line of gun powder.
someone takes a step forward, his eyes locked on the surf.
she opens a drawer in a bedside table.
he registers a hint of a nod.
he stops walking.
he peels off his socks,
letting her face hover just inches from someone's.
a hint of a smile crosses his lips.
captain looks down.
someone sits on the corner of a desk.
embers rise into the air as he puts out the fire.
butler tosses the ball down the court as he leaves with the others.
from a makeshift parking area, countless surfers and spectators make their way toward the beach.
she arrives before a handsome boy.
someone lands on his belly and struggles to hold on as the boat bucks on the churning waters.
he opens the drawer, stashing the mysterious woman's items then gently runs his fingertips over them.
the soviet couple peers down at us sobbing.
he picks up a metal hoop, then slides it up the pole, and over someone.
someone jerks his head at the utility pole
someone glances at his blonde wife as someone leaves.
she dips a brush in ink, then begins to write on a fan spread open before her.
she grabs someone's business card, puts the phone to her ear and dials.
we ride a half pipe sharing the perspective of a skateboard's wheels.
someone gazes around the room then steps inside.
then notices the hanging shotgun clipped to the back of his partners holster.
someone places a cassette labeled april 8th in a tape player.
someone sits in the daybreak office and smiles to herself,
it reads "steak your claim.
someone puts the shield on his back and climbs onto the hood of the car as someone maneuvers underneath the plane.
silk's head as he sits on the pavement beside an elderly woman with an empty bird cage.
he sets his cellphone on the table.
someone faces his son with a furrowed brow.
someone eyes her colleagues worriedly then strides forward
looking down at the comatose woman.
he returns a gentle look and she considers him.
someone winces at the picture then shows it to someone.
meanwhile, with someone, a green laser beam aims at a slide.
pulling them from a toaster oven, someone tosses them to someone.
later someone exits an elevator in an office building.
another boy leaps over the wall, then opens the doors for his friends.
she storms up the footpath.
a man stands on the crest of the hill she's climbing with a shotgun in his hands.
the guy masseuse knocked over by a log.
he rolls his head to the side with an uncomfortable gaze.
snowy bounds upstairs and runs into someone's apartment.
catching the zombie between its jaws.
now, a bare chested young man sleeps on a couch gripping a liquor bottle.
he collects his bag and papers and makes his way to the professor's desk.
scanning the crowd, someone catches sight of her father,
the image dissolves to someone who lies on his back in bed.
on a fishing boat, a white haired photographer with a battered baseball cap aims his lens.
someone shuts his eyes, shakes his head, and mutters a silent wish.
a sticky-note reads, don't forget court tomorrow.
costumes and heads down the entrance stairs.
men collects cash from a teller.
someone reaches behind her back and fastens her own top as her father takes a seat.
as someone leads her out, the principal sinks back down in her chair and lets out a nervous sigh.
in town, someone wears leggings, a new short-sleeved cardigan, and a scarf.
her right eye shifts as someone lowers the high chair back, creating a gurney.
someone gets the door for someone, who enters alone.
the sports car races through a barren desert landscape under a sky darkened with storm clouds.
outside, the flashy black pickup speeds away, kicking up a trail of dust.
he's also driving and hits a guy in the road.
as she reaches the other side, our view lifts to the densely packed skyscrapers lining the street.
an aerial view shows the road winding over rolling wooded hills.
she glances at him.
he intercepts a hottie.
he grabs a hidden key.
he climbs in next to someone.
he wears a red helmet and black cape.
large windows show him talking on a phone.
she licks his big toe.
someone knits his brow sympathetically.
she hesitates thoughtfully.
someone walks away from someone, who lies on the floor.
he pauses, his features set in a savage glare.
he takes a bag of marijuana from a wooden box in a drawer, and flushes it.
he checks his notes.
someone grins, tilting his head back to watch.
as he takes a seat beside someone she gives a demure smile.
someone reaches under her pillow and pulls out a dollar someone.
someone stands on a roof near a waterfall flowing into the pool.
stroking his own chin, someone stares at someone.
someone settles himself.
she offers her hand.
lying on the floor, someone reaches for the edge of a rug.
in the supply room, someone wearing a yankee's cap puts on a pair of stylish sunglasses and slings the backpack over his shoulder.
kicking his flippers, he continues on along a rocky passage.
the son of poseidon blocks his opponent's sword with his own, then elbows him in the back.
her husband wraps on the glass, his gaze intolerant.
she smiles, he drops his gaze and grins sheepishly.
she smiles sweetly at him,
we gaze down on the someone as it progresses past jagged blades of rock.
the timekeeper slaps the mat.
through the high-angle surveillance camera, we watch mr.
as he swigs from the bottle she moves closer.
glowing blue particles form several giant humanoids racing down the tunnel.
the camera slides across the floor and tips on its side.
someone shows his black eye.
from it, ghost rider's flaming motorcycle arcs through the air.
blower.
he picks up a velvet pouch.
the actor playing the lawyer shakes his head.
someone smiles politely and the hospital staffer goes.
he turns his hand palm up demandingly.
you need to get home.
behind someone two men walk into the diner.
in the living room, a shirtless someone covers his bare feet with a nappy blanket
he posed his thick leg in a new position.
someone swings, but someone blocks his arm.
she watches
the car crashes, flips several times, and breaks apart on the roadway behind someone.
the woman gives a startled look.
someone notes her cousin's expression.
without hesitation, he eagerly slices a large hunk of meat from the fish.
someone sits with a bowl of stew and smiles at someone.
back in the elevator, someone points at someone insistently then creeps out.
someone darts back behind the wall.
someone passes ravel.
someone squats facing someone.
someone glances down ponderously, nods again, and trains a warm gaze on the boy.
he climbs the steps to the deck where red someone faces him with his sword drawn.
someone drops to his knees and slides under the boy's aerial kick.
he drops him.
someone approaches one of the side offices and turns back to someone.
meanwhile, gaudencio prepares pesticide.
now shannon brown dunks the ball.
she bows her head.
then grabs the towel's other end.
someone blocks her reach.
someone folds a blanket on the wicker couch.
they study one another.
in charleston, someone and someone ride horses together.
someone freezes mid chew, then swallows hard.
he hurries over and starts to lift him.
the cursed man accepts the fire with a wide open mouth.
he takes a sip of scotch.
the women arrive.
they set the food and water on the ground.
as the other looks out the window.
a woman approaches someone.
silhouettes of tall buildings loom on the other side.
someone and someone see him.
in a video on the large screen, a person in a huge armored suit topples over.
someone looks away.
someone gives an unhappy look.
someone swallows, cringing as tears well in her eyes.
she takes a bite.
they pick up their drinks and share another glance.
leaning against a far wall,
sarcophagus-like pods lie before him.
someone's cursor moves to the send request button.
someone sleeps between someone and someone, the other boys sit in back.
his legs clad in white pants.
someone raises his glass.
someone looks at his unresponsive mother.
where the earth grumbles away to make a door sized fissure.
she irritably shakes her head.
later in a sitting room, a pop art painting shows tiled images of someone's face in bright candy colors.
as the crewman forces her down, someone presses up on the plastic covering his face.
someone gives them pink plastic walkie talkies from the store shelves.
later, the cocky salesman, someone, stands with someone and someone.
she moves closer, she sinks down before her murdered uncle, and sobs against his shoulder.
our view descends to a herd of cattle.
someone studies his expression, then bows her head demurely.
as he loads a bullet, a shove of the door jostles him.
someone shakes his head, wags a finger, then swims toward the tunnel himself.
someone falls to his knees.
with an ice pack to his cheek, someone doesn't know what to say.
tensing her jaw, someone takes a deep breath through her nose and moves her hand towards someone's mouth as if to smother him.
an empty parking lot surrounds the costco.
he carefully grabs the penguin by the waist and picks it up.
later, they enter a bar.
a general picks up a red handled phone.
someone gently steps toward him across the canvas cover.
the view focuses on someone.
one of the policemen steps forward, takes the paper and passes it back to someone.
someone runs after the truck.
young someone licks his ice-cream cone.
someone sits at a weight machine.
he pauses near one of the wheels, opens his mouth, and sprays some mouth freshener.
now they climb the two ladders, someone gently guides her with a protective hand on her back.
someone's nose starts to bleed.
the family nears the guard crouching over someone.
faces on the couch, someone leans close and kisses someone forcefully on the mouth.
he carefully stuffs loose locks of her flaxen hair into the clear plastic shower cap.
in the hallway, they hug again before someone walks on.
the first robber moves past someone and climbs the steps ahead of him.
she stops just off the set and watches someone
the boy enters an attic with a wood-plank floor and shuts the door behind him.
his gaze follows their electrical cords through a hole in the floor.
he looks away, shaking his head.
someone presses down on the arms of the chair to get up, then stops.
someone glances over his shoulder as he strides casually down the sidewalk.
he shuts the watch, puts it away, and pockets the gun.
later, someone works on his bike as he and someone ride on the truck's flatbad.
meanwhile, someone listens on his phone.
next, someone takes a stack of snapshots from a wax paper envelope and looks through them.
rain splatters someone, as more agents pull someone to his feet and lead him away.
exposed wiring drapes across the crumbling brick walls.
someone and another staffer hold the door shut.
she finds a sticky note from someone attached to one discs box.
someone looks to his sibling and someone frowns.
someone drops her towel.
then passes straight through him before tumbling into a deep ravine.
someone arrives before her.
with an embarrassed pout, someone turns away.
someone gives a sympathetic look.
later, actors wearing robes and
sitting beside her, he gives her a rose.
then guides them with his hands.
tell me why aren't you married?
someone faces his father earnestly.
someone turns from the pinball machine.
someone and someone give chase, dropping the bald man.
someone gives someone a parting caress then hurries after her dad.
with the pole, he shoves someone's hands into his face.
on the raft, someone uses two pails as a dholak drum then suddenly stops.
now, as the limo heads down the street, someone dabs her nose with a tissue.
she sips her drink.
he leans in close.
as he stalks closer, the three working-class men exit the lodge.
at another someone, a pale and red-nosed someone shrugs her open sweater onto her shoulders and serves drinks.
he tries another door and it slides open.
a view through the leafy canopy shows the criminals scurrying off.
upstairs, someone rounds a corner, gets a glimpse of them, and sprints faster.
while driving onto a compound, passes a departing military convoy.
without glancing away from the boy, he reaches under the counter then drops the broken wind-up mouse in front of someone.
someone leaves confusedly.
binding him.
on the mound, someone gazes intently at his bully who scowls.
now on a kitchen set at the studio, someone cooks with a shapely model.
someone chokes on his bubbles.
in the converted garage, someone sits hunched at a cluttered table.
the older woman beside her stares.
someone serves the drinks.
someone catches it easily and forces it down.
enter it and the doors close.
someone glances at someone then sips his drink.
his sleeve bursts into flames.
the shy teen falters forward.
as the web designer walks through a sliding door, an air gust blows the sign from her hands.
he finds someone's living room empty.
now in the cottage, someone crosses the living room to a family tree he's created on a wall, and attaches current photos of someone and someone besides various sticky notes.
someone stares tearfully at the photo.
lights turn on as he passes, then blink out again.
turning away, he pauses.
someone and someone's gunmen writhe.
they swap a look.
he steps into the closet, stares at the bare shelves then collapses to his knees and bows his head to the floor.
he staggers to his feet and tosses the someone to someone.
the ladies start to dance.
she looks out a window and spots someone pacing outside on his phone.
he smiles then turns to someone who wears a tactical vest loaded with weapons.
he finds someone in a computer analysis room.
as the pixie-faced dancer brushes on blush, the blonde tilts her head at her.
she opens a small metal box on a desk and pushes a button inside.
someone meets someone's concerned gaze.
as we enter a chamber with a giant glowing crystalline structure inside, the video image flickers.
someone stops on the stairs.
she stares down at someone's frozen, slack-jawed expression.
outside, someone watches the exit.
someone turns up his radio's volume.
she squeezes her shoulders through and sees the kidnapper with his back turned.
someone takes a seat beside someone, and awkwardly pats the sobbing girl's head.
someone sits up and frowns.
someone notices someone playing a nearby baby grand piano.
its side it looms over us, eclipsing the sun.
someone faces her husband.
he kisses her, then runs his tongue along her knee.
someone just stares at someone who goes to get more cornbread from his saddle bag.
someone rubs his neck.
she glances away.
she lifts it up across her knee
now, a fedora sits on a burgundy leather couch by someone who gazes off thoughtfully.
she tells her sons the story.
someone blinks quizzically and tilts his head.
someone tackles him and our view cuts to black.
someone slips a hand beneath her paper heart.
in a european city, someone arrives at an austere building.
his pace slows as he draws closer.
someone climbs the stairs to her apartment, still in her heels and tight dress.
as she gets thrown against the wall, the brushes fall from her grasp.
with their weapons raised, four gunmen rush into a spacious garage.
they kneel again as someone and his opponent get to their feet.
someone stabs a legionnaire shield
the penguin owner shifts his sad eyes.
she gives him an annoyed look.
and watches the rapidly decreasing count.
in the bank, the hostages sit in an office.
a truck's mirror hits someone's last coffee out of his hands.
she glances skyward.
she cradles the boy's lifeless face.
he slowly reaches for her startled face.
crossing the room, someone looks again at the balding man twice.
instructions on a cubicle wall read, "do not become emotionally involved."
someone, someone, and several others in trench coats climb out of the vehicles.
she packs supplies from nearby shelves.
they eat parmesan-sprinkled bruschetta.
someone drops his towel.
he stares, slack-jawed.
he looks to his left.
she kisses him on the cheek and smiles to herself, holding back tears.
now standing in an open upper hatch, someone's diamond hand cuts a plum-sized chunk of ice from a large formation.
they walk to the restaurant.
later they shave.
the rider lowers his bony jaw, his mouth a swirl of flames.
as does someone in his boxers and t-shirt.
she wears a silky veil.
another police car arrives down the block.
now, in bright sunlight, the roadster speeds along a multilevel network of roads by the river basin.
someone wiped her eyes as she and someone peer at the cube.
she sits at the small entryway table, where someone turns on a lamp, and sets down his hat.
lifting the typewriter, he grabs the key to the desk drawer hidden underneath.
as someone's friends attempt to rush to her aid, the destroyer unleashes another blast and sends everyone flying.
he holds out the pen recorder.
driving again, she violently crosses another wedding off her list.
someone wheels his chair over to pepper.
as they fall into the cavern.
later someone walks into an apartment.
he hops and hobbles as he pulls them over his heels one at a time.
as someone walks away, a flash of lightning brightens the alley's walls.
later as they move through the hanger, a crew member blasts the floor with a flame thrower.
someone grins at him, then hangs his head and cries.
someone gazes around the empty house then sighs.
someone raises a finger then holds out his hand.
behind them, tanks roll across the playground crushing play equipment.
he blows on her fingers then kisses them tenderly.
in the hanger, the mutant someone flings wallace to the ground.
and walks slowly past the metal sign on the wall which says, "new hampshire greetings, greeting the world one card at a time".
someone tweaks another trinket then approaches.
then peers across the room.
away from his face as he watches someone leave.
someone smiles vacantly as the vexed woman slaps her butt in reply.
the sisters end on a hop, then stand hand in hand, beaming for the crowd.
someone steps behind him and loosens his belt.
juxtaposed with the scenes, someone reads the book.
she gives someone a frustrated look.
the penned bird sits on a nest.
he turns her to face him, and they share a tender kiss.
he sizes up the wave one more time
someone's eyes light up.
in the next room, someone addresses someone telepathically.
someone stares down at the dead hydra agent, then studies his own chest and arms.
standing, he leaves the table.
meanwhile, someone speeds down an off-ramp, weaving through cars.
he holds a bloody cloth over a wound on his leg.
later, the boy is about kindergarten age
his wife removes a pair of socks from an oven.
he bats the batons out of their hands.
someone lowers his arms.
someone hunkers down and pulls his blanket up to his chin.
someone grabs several boxes and drops one.
he spreads his arms wide and turns on the spot.
she lifts her brows.
someone spreads his arms wide like wings, then walks around in a circle.
someone reaches under his own t-shirt and removes a glowing, cylindrical, repulsory technology, arc reactor - or rt unit - from his chest.
someone pounces on him and bares his hideous fangs.
someone snatches the knife, pries out the blade and runs the blunt side across his palm.
someone gives someone a determined look and nods.
as someone looks on with a bitter twisted scowl, someone draws a line of decay across someone's high forehead.
she leaves with the policeman.
dropping to his knees, he cradles her limp body.
someone peeks out from behind the door.
his expression grows solemn and he glares down the hall.
sweeping her sandwich wrapper off the keyboard she brings up the parade photos.
from a surveillance room, someone watches footage from its camera.
someone crosses to his beaming wife.
she addresses the group.
she wraps her legs around him as they kiss.
in the forest, someone watches as someone and his men rush toward the base.
as he drags her off, someone pleads.
someone throws keys through an open window.
then regards him sympathetically.
the comment reads, "julie, it's your mother.
as the woman adjusts her striped thigh-highs, her gaze meets the blonde's.
he takes someone's arm.
he ushers someone to the door.
the falcon snags a fluttering scroll then flies outside toward the jeep.
someone kisses someone's cheek.
she slides between the legs of a fourth approaching guard and punches him in the groin.
someone approaches a penguin.
someone's now naked in his bed.
he struggles to perform a worshipful dance.
the younger insurance rep solemnly faces his partner.
he increases the volume on the tv.
crouching playfully, he touches a fingertip to her windshield.
the dish shifts and someone knits his brow in concentration.
someone grits his teeth, as he continues driving off into the sunset.
decapitated man's tongue juts from his mouth in agony, as his head flies away from his body.
as the cyclone-making mutant approaches, someone produces a grenade.
jaw tensed, someone shifts on his feet.
now, in a dim ramshackle hallway, standing with someone and someone, someone beckons someone over.
they embrace and share a deep kiss.
later, surrounded by partygoers, an attractive, young woman dances on a table.
bridging the wall and the bar with his back.
he reads from the printout.
as the mercenaries fire, someone uses a piece of metal as a shield.
he removes the anti-telepathy helmet.
holding her headset, someone shifts her wide, frantic eyes to the gps locator screen.
as the doors slide open
looking on, someone narrows her blue eyes.
later, at the chestnut haired clerk's window, he places a form on the counter then sets down a roll of cash bound in rubber bands.
she holds up a card,
lightning flashes then diminishes leaving the boy alone in the darkness.
the shark underwater approaching her surfboard attacking.
he wraps his arms around her and draws her near.
he abruptly takes one.
someone's bewildered.
ref someone circles past someone's corner.
he lowers his shy gaze as she approaches with a basket draped with a napkin.
slowly blinking, the blond rolls her head to the side.
as he heads off, vivian watches him fondly.
unnoticing the others venture ahead without him.
the inner door opens and someone's wife stares out.
the armed soldier follows someone down a hallway.
the sniper is someone.
someone's haunted stare holds steady on the mess.
over the southeastern states a small-labeled drawing of a columned building blazes into view.
they rub their noses together.
together, they wander a few steps without taking their eyes off of him.
his blurry gaze shifts into focus revealing someone someone, emaciated and lying on the bench with one arm dangling.
he cracks a smile.
someone stares at it, then zips up his jacket.
in his basement laboratory, someone blows dust off the assembled model.
she turns around.
amid dancing guests, sebastian and someone chat with their boss and a grey-haired man.
someone leaves someone who wheels himself toward her, his lips curled downward.
someone knocks down a passing man then grabs another doll of a blond woman's desk.
she hands the sheets to simone and someone, then studies their expressions.
he caresses her cheek.
reclining beside her, someone beams appreciatively.
someone swivels away.
now an inky black body clock shows all zeros on a dead man's arm.
deep within the vault, under asgard, someone approaches the glowing jotunheim box, or casket,
beside him, someone takes off a pair of dark sunglasses.
someone fixes the collar of his vest and hangs his head.
as someone turns, the penguin blinks and stretches its neck.
someone walks up behind them.
someone chucks it aside.
someone lies low behind a tree.
with a bashful smile, someone hugs him.
they each lick the salt off their own hands then drink the tequila shots.
and someone opens his mouth.
someone holds one up.
who turns to their prisoner.
from a distance, we watch the team of divers recede into the murky depths.
the nazi officer turns and walks toward the wooden panel which is carved with the image of a tree.
he smiles slightly, then furrows his brow.
it remains motionless.
with one hand pressed to his father's chest, someone bends down and plants a tender kiss on his forehead.
a car almost hits the mailman.
sofie leaves her side to greet someone at the window.
she shrugs at him.
someone shoots someone a dirty look.
someone tentatively leans in for a kiss.
she fingers strings of beads hanging from a desk lamp,
he knocks someone down and quickly stands.
someone leaps from post to post up to a tower with a flag.
someone pummels someone, who immediately plays dead.
someone works on an overhang.
looking up from the computer, he remembers taking photos in the field as his wife and children frolic around him.
the nazi officer removes his hat and hands it to a nearby soldier as he steps toward the sarcophagus.
is the someone.
coming to an intersection, she turns out of view.
someone sprawls across the track.
someone passes the ball.
sneering, he opens it and reads.
she crosses to his laptop and finds the photograph of young someone among the search party,
someone shakes someone's hand, then pats his shoulder.
a hand seizes him.
on the other he reads envelope misspelled with an i.
they listen eagerly.
he gets to his feet and lumbers to the door.
someone smashes the monk's hand, grabs his jaw, then slams him onto his back.
the detective rolls down his sleeve.
in her kitchen, someone chops lettuce.
someone exits the car.
they glance curiously at the car, then resume their conversation.
he sheepishly looks up from his bite.
in the bathroom, he drops someone's toothbrush in the toilet, then places it back in its holder.
elsewhere, someone leads his companions through the woods.
the plump woman nods, then turns to the door.
someone primps her hair, then wheels around to meet someone with a big smile.
he and someone stand at the edge of the clearing and look out at the distant lakeshore.
someone faces him from a doorway.
the pink-haired someone notices him as she chats with friends.
someone gapes then cocks her head.
sitting on the edge of the boy's bed he leans over his
later, the limo turns a corner.
he licks his lips, then shifts in his seat.
she wears a troubled gaze.
the man walks away.
her jaw goes slack.
sister leads the girls out.
now, in the command truck, someone uses a phone.
they move from the window.
another soldier exits a house and pats someone, who sits on a porch reading.
someone shows her scarf.
someone pulls her unto his lap, and kisses her.
then falls still.
someone wakes and tries to lift his head.
the energy panel expands and displays the mothership.
as he races away, someone turns to the audience.
someone gapes and the girl grins.
he goes back to his drink.
she sets a timer.
the crescent shaped ship turns sideways and descends to the ground.
it arcs off the lamppost like tesla coils and strikes someone.
someone sprints upstairs to intercept her on the landing.
an artfully made, queen sized bed lies unoccupied behind her.
someone crosses to a window separating the lobby from the house, pulls a curtain aside, and peers through.
crossing between two rows of workbenches, the sandy-haired man drops a load of shirts.
later he straddles the scooter.
he munches a snack, then leans forward.
someone lifts a brush to her eyes then spots her rival in the reflection of her mirror.
personal belongings including comb,
she holds out her hand to take it back but he instead gives her an electronic device with a screen, antenna, and attached wire.
he opens his mouth and shakes it.
someone stands with her shirt hanging off and clicks her fingers.
she comes to a street on the other end.
he leads the wealthy man down the alley and out onto a street.
someone gropes the alien's butt, then pretends to make out with it.
he glances down at his exposed chest and pulls his shirt closed.
as someone starts away, someone pulls him toward the blue van.
a lantern swings from its post over his head as he steps over the wood plank floor.
someone swallows and vaguely flashes a smile.
upstairs someone rolls off the bed, then scrambles to a closet and shuts herself in.
later someone stands outside in the shelter of the coffee shops entryway.
someone returns with a needle and injects a liquid into someone's neck.
he takes off his sunglasses.
she looks at him ascant, then faces him fully.
someone pushes her out of the room.
someone has a large bulge in the crotch of his leather trousers.
in another class someone gets an f on a test.
meanwhile someone turns briefly as she makes her way past a hanging space suit.
struggling with the controls, someone rights the plane.
he rises, drawing his arms back and allows his father's body to float away.
someone's cell and the gang leader sets down his magazine.
knitting her brow, she shakes her head.
someone smiles as he stares down at the glowing device, which emits a bright beam of light as he picks it up.
someone's gaze lingers on the woman, then shifts away.
someone looks down from an upper deck.
her hair pokes into someone's mouth.
with a thoughtful smile, someone finishes writing and props her cheek on her hand.
he lies down beside his mother, his leather bound journal in hand.
he scoops his hands through the water and throws it in the air.
now, someone's dark-haired buddy carries a letter in one hand, and the mailbag in the other, as he enters the fenced-in base camp.
someone and his mother roll two heaped luggage carts.
someone inhales the steam.
someone cowers under someone's aimed gun.
she hesitantly meets his tender brown-eyed gaze.
flames burn inside the unicorn as its cannons return fire.
someone shakes loose of his grasp and follows someone.
rolling over to face her, he strokes her cheek and neck.
she looks up at the young girl, who shifts her eyes down to the open hatch.
he crosses to her and grabs her chin again.
she smacks a plastic bag as it blows by.
in the hall, the rest of the agents stand aside as he passes with the weakened woman.
someone gently collapses unto the man's chest.
the park is open to faithful followers year-round.
someone lies just a few yards ahead in the center of the crater.
someone switches off the bathroom light and approaches the bed.
someone and someone step forward as he lands on the beach.
struggling to see through the fog,
she looks at it for a moment then dances away.
he turns to face the hanging clothes and sets his hand on top of the open door.
she shuts the door on him and smiles.
someone shuts the door with a wounded gaze.
she pushes the plate away.
someone gazes down the hallway at the many guards lying on the floor.
as he passes, his head rolls to the side in her direction.
as the door slides shut, someone digs in his bag and retrieves a shotgun with cartridges stored along the barrel.
a fit balding guy greets him.
we spy flames spreading over the undercarriage as someone and his brutish henchman escape, leaving the heavyset thug stuck in his crushed doorway.
someone bites a breadstick.
someone partially raises his hands.
with his mouth open, he exhales a long breath and a short gasp.
he hustles through a guest room next door and butts a window with his gun.
they peer into each other's eyes.
someone pockets his cellphone.
someone someone sits up and stares inland as the boat lightly bobs on the water.
someone joins the excited young woman onstage.
they gaze down at all of someone's men and equipment.
someone, the asian-american gi, snaps a guard's neck as dernier, a balding man with a dark mustache, picks up a hydra blaster rifle.
someone and the third nerd, a red-haired kid slap hands then have an imaginary light saber duel.
a woman passes behind him.
he serves a fresh pancake to a towheaded little boy in a high chair.
someone picks up her skirt
he catches it in his shirt.
he whirls around to watch wennerstrom's statement.
stibble rests the pestle against the mortar's rim.
she smiles coquettishly.
on tv the bearded pizza man holds up a slice to his mouth.
as she gets in the lift,
she braces herself against the bed's footboard as she brings the tattoo needle to his chest.
behind someone, someone hangs her head.
on the easel, his painting offers a portrait of someone in
later, at the apartment, she kneels on the dining table, adding photographs to rows of images organized in front of her.
he slices at his throat with the shield, but someone dodges and punches someone to the deck.
the performers struck a final pose.
he holds ice to his brow.
in a black bra and panties, she lands in a split.
he drops the mic and drunkenly downs another shot.
she looks him in the eye.
in the main office, someone finds someone comforting micah.
in the posh apartment, the gray-haired man glares at the trembling urn.
he hangs up and types a command into his computer.
he reaches out and pries the explosive from someone's grasp.
now in a stylish home, someone dances in a kitchen as she makes microwave popcorn.
she grins and they start to have sex.
avoiding someone's gaze, someone sips his beer, smacks his lips, and shrugs.
she answers her cell.
with a resigned expression, she leans on her hand and looks out the window beside her.
someone looks around cautiously.
detectives someone and someone enter the command truck and find an officer in a cramped room.
as she plays, someone moves near her smiling.
someone fights off troopers as they charge toward him.
someone glances back.
someone grabs the notebook.
her off her feet and she slaps.
someone slams the mug to the floor.
the petite young woman wears a black tank top.
someone gives him a look and the boy backs away.
with his back turned to the approaching student the unshaven man hunches over to light a cigarette.
the teen flinches but keeps his spear aimed at the tiger.
someone keeps kicking.
as he lifts his gaze toward the second floor, his face hardens in a resolute look.
holding him at gunpoint, someone transfers time into his body.
the porsche pulls up in front of someone's palatial home.
flames engulf the entrance to a corridor.
someone twists the doorknob behind her back.
someone opens the door and peeps through the crack.
he watches as flames erupt through the props open mouth and consume it.
someone rushes to her.
one surfer skirts just ahead of the white water which seems to pursue him.
at the cottage, someone attaches a newspaper clipping about birger vanger to the family tree above a sticky note reading son of harold.
one man kneels beside the object and scrapes away a layer of frost.
he inserts his alien hand into one, and a holographic screen appears before his eyes.
the two pause and sit up, straddling their boards.
shading his eyes, someone spots her halfway across the field.
she stops and grabs a package of plain white burp cloths.
two girls get up from their easels.
someone reads a billboard.
he glances away.
someone someone watches from the boat.
now she walks down the sidewalk toting a grocery bag.
he gives a shy wave, then fumbles in his jacket pocket, produces a deck of playing cards, and faces someone.
at dinner, someone and someone swap a look.
someone and someone drive through the city in someone's aging 3 series bmw.
someone bounces excitedly, then pops his vest collar.
someone grabs his face and kisses him passionately.
someone moves through the crowd, keeping an eye on him.
someone helps his friend stand.
glancing up, he notices a soldier reclined on a cot, and reading a letter.
now beneath a hazy sky, we soar over chicago's skyscrapers.
now, wrapped presents lie on a table as six candles burn on a menorah.
a bird seeks refuge in the nearby tower.
someone takes out a flask and unscrews its cap.
someone steps back in front of her friend.
someone retreats a few steps, then runs forward and slides through the giants legs.
someone runs past the ibs building.
she caresses his lifeless face.
the city becomes a grey, black and white drawing
keeping his arm around her, he saunters off casually down the sidewalk.
our view sinks into the shadows.
he and someone grab each other in a passionate embrace and kiss hungrily.
someone steps up to her
someone ends the call leaving someone staring.
inside, baby face approaches a couple eating dinner.
now in queens, a hardback of someone child's biography strikes the alarm clock.
someone faces someone and crouches.
wearing only a blanket, someone covers up.
he steps out from behind the island.
a sticker on someone's desk reads, "learning is funtastic."
now a record spins on a turntable.
on the us-naval bridge, two triple-barreled cannons take aim.
she holds the bouquet he purchased.
back home someone drinks from a liquor bottle as he staggers into the front door.
he sees someone trying to wrangle the approaching penguins.
he offers the flower.
as someone walks off, the children wander into their aunts house.
someone nods for her to follow.
someone draws his ax.
he licks his lips, presses them tight, and leaves.
approaching someone, iron man wraps the whip around his own suit several times, and punches someone's stomach and face.
forking up a morsel of food he pours syrup right onto it then shovels it to his mouth, someone gapes.
he creeps down a flight of stairs, then presses his back to a wall as he reaches the bottom.
at a truck stop diner, someone sits alone at a booth with a frown, his eyes fixed on a nearby family.
now, perched at the prow of the lifeboat, someone drinks down the contents of a can.
he nods.
someone gazes wistfully after the departing train.
the pretty girl chants amiably, smiling at someone.
someone bounces the ball in time to the banging.
the chopper arrives at a fortress.
someone takes sister by the hand and leads her out of the room.
as he spins it around, he runs over two zombie bodies.
a few cameras flash.
a doctor reading a file, continues on her way.
he slings down his backpack.
at the body expanding like a balloon.
he lifts his brow arrogantly, then continues down the corridor.
she nods and he grins brightly.
someone finally calms down.
as the elevator closes with his family inside,
out of the moving vehicle.
flyod runs backwards firing wildly.
she climbs in his car, giving him a view of her butt.
a white businessman does a double take as she passes.
she stands at the other side of the crosswalk watching him forlornly.
someone kicks him.
later, he passes a neighbor walking his dog.
it bears a one-inch hole.
as someone takes the stairs, someone and his aide exit.
a man passes by.
she gazes off.
roughly 2/3 his size, the fish thrashes wildly in his grasp.
it lands on the station floor, behind the inspector and someone.
someone faces the scottish woman.
a smile floats across someone's lips.
someone sets down a cup of small hand tools then folds his arms.
the hatchback swerves and the suv pulls up to side swipe it.
finding a photo of someone as a boy, dressed in a football uniform and posing on one knee, she picks it up.
snowy tumbles onto the street as the van turns sharply.
from outside someone's home we watch someone striding more boldly through the living room.
someone faces him and lingers close, her gaze lowered coyly.
he holds up a placating hand.
he snaps a picture of her, then saunters over in his burgundy robe and kisses her on the cheek.
outside vanger industries someone races off on her motorcycle.
someone looks touched.
someone grips the spear shaft.
and finds it filled with writing.
now, a crowd surrounds a break dancing boy.
the mysterious woman tilts her head.
turning left, she spies a white door with a deadbolt.
now someone mops the gym.
holding the cross, someone looks into the priests eyes.
clad in matching red and white tracksuits, they snack on buns out of a brown paper bag.
someone turns away from someone and his aide readies his wheelchair.
someone gives someone the finger.
later still, he ties the life jacket to the end of an oar spoke, balancing the raft's buoyancy.
someone holds a headphone to her ear.
he presses play.
shutting her eyes, she remembers lying on top of someone in bed.
they walk out.
others throw rotten fruit which he blocks with his shield.
someone holds up her hands, overwhelmed.
she gazes at him with an apologetic look.
someone leans the stick against the bed.
the beefy man leaves the bathroom.
korean jesus looks at us.
looking on, someone smiles proudly.
they arrive at a makeshift village of straw roofs and stick walled huts deep in the forest.
he lays one hand on someone's shoulder.
on a final page a rocket sticks out of the man in the moon's eye.
someone swings past and grabs the scrolls.
leaning his elbows on his knees, someone folds his hand
someone collects some on his gloved fingertip,
outside, timekeepers approach someone.
now, someone checks a tightrope.
she turns away, giving him a full view of her black spikey mohawk.
he knocks someone to the ground.
they pass a weis time lenders.
with a tense look, she jerks her hand away from the scanner.
someone regards the boy with a furrowed brow.
nighttime traffic is a blur of speeded up light.
a bodyguard patrols the estate with an automatic rifle.
they pass do not enter signs.
outside, someone's men exit the sedan.
later, she rides an escalator down from the terminal to a train platform.
someone pins down someone but he head-butts someone off of him.
the horse begins to tire.
someone comes downstairs in slow motion.
he flips through them and finds distant shots of someone's manor house.
a wire basket drops from his hand.
her hair still in her face, someone cringes as someone strokes her cheeks.
both men whip out notepads in unison.
meanwhile, at a gas station, someone opens his trunk.
clutching his gun, he sprints between the blocks and follows the road down the hill.
he sees someone playing on stage, and steps around the partition.
still studying her beauty, he lies back.
someone runs through the lobby.
smiling, someone drops his gaze.
they stand over the gunned down creature.
someone follows his son back across the roof.
in the living room someone sets his bag down and approaches the kitchen.
the man steps into traffic.
the grieving widower climbs the porch steps and takes a seat in a chair beside someone.
at the courthouse, two police motorcycles lead the heavily guarded motorcade to the front entrance.
he stands with his back to someone.
they face the pylon.
standing by the car's open door, someone looks back at his wife.
she drops a stack of invoices in front of him and saunters off in her puppy-appliqued sweatshirt.
in a glass display case, a light illuminates a portrait of the blond.
in the story, someone, now a young woman, brushes characters onto a panel of a paper fan.
resting her cheek against her hand, someone shakes her head and gazes skyward.
the elevator doors slide shut.
where we find someone standing alone.
with only the police floodlights shining dimly through the windows, the pistol-wielding robber follows behind the detective.
the drones raise their guns toward the sky and fire at someone as he flies toward them.
someone points a blaster gun at the man.
someone works at a nearby table.
he catches sight of duct tape binding his wrists to the wheelchair.
a woman pulls more rock away increasing its size.
wearing a black vest and tie, the boxer joins his family.
she crosses to the girl and kneels before her.
someone reaches in his pocket and throws a handful of grain.
someone's coffin is loaded onto a train.
someone steps to a table in the living room and picks up a bottle of maker's someone.
the beast swipes at someone, but falls backward into a widening phisher.
inside, guests mingle over drinks and hor d'oeuvres.
in the crane cab someone jerks a lever as someone bursts in.
someone reaches into someone's pocket and pulls out the locket necklace.
he goes around the table.
someone struggles to pull him off and raises a fist.
as the truck pulls away, a glowing object drops out of the sky and crashes in the distance.
someone struggles with the door that leads to someone's office.
at the checkpoint, the soldier finishes searching the third sedan and waves them through.
someone notices her as well.
now, someone puts the scroll back and takes out a red-velvet bundle.
she gets in the backseat and closes the door.
across a rolling field, mounted troops ride into view.
someone's mom holds a teacup.
later, someone fights a boy in gray, the american struggling to fend off his opponent's attacks.
someone looks up at a female emt leaning over him,
slack-jawed someone pivots away pensively.
he hands her his bowl of ice cream and she rests it on her lap.
he smiles at the flower then nods to someone.
now, someone approaches someone, who sits.
moving a tarp, her eyes widen.
someone leans forward, resting her head on her hand.
someone sits across from someone.
the gun fires, blowing a hole in the wall.
someone is thrown back onto the windshield as the plane picks up speed.
in the common room, someone tilts his head and clenches his jaw.
he reaches for the younger inmate's gun.
in a drained swimming pool, a kid with glasses and a hunter's cap preform skateboarding tricks on the curved concrete.
he does a head spin.
he shoots someone a glare then faces someone.
in the kitchen, someone shuts a cabinet, a dishtowel in her free hand.
someone watches them go.
someone looks up at someone and salutes him.
he pushes out a breath as he eyes the clown.
someone sits up in bed, her hair dyed bright red.
one nurse gives someone an injection in his left arm.
a small missile launcher pops out of someone's left shoulder.
near the back cover, she discovers a folded letter addressed to her.
someone covers his ears.
he spots his father waiting at a security checkpoint.
the officer opens the door.
someone lies in bed alone with a blanket over her side.
and accidentally throws her phone up in the air.
it lifts its head which bears the oversized claw like growth as a sickle shaped head crest.
as he stands, the suit expands, covering someone's entire body.
nearby, another print out bares the heading, church tunnels.
someone sweeps his closed fan in front of someone's face, and someone follows its movements with his body.
turning as she slides across the floor, she throws taser darts at the second guard, who collapses.
now, verdant tree branches dapple our view of a bright blue sky patched
someone rushes to the phone.
the market goes up and down.
now in the tenement courtyard, a woman sweeps dust out of a garage set up as an apartment.
now cars block a road.
facing someone earnestly, she starts to bite her lip then stifles the action.
the pudgy well-dressed passenger steps out into a hotel hallway.
she calmly works a bamboo stylus on a panel of the open fan,
noting her husbands earnest expression, someone yields a shy smile.
now we face a gold bar marked with a swastika.
suddenly, a movie projector switches on as the power returns.
lars joins then.
clutching the letter, he peers in through a window.
as his girlfriend steps out, he answers his cell.
his lips quivering.
he gets dressed.
with a nod from someone, he kicks the rear door.
someone gazes at her.
someone waves to a group of passing girls.
someone stares off pensively.
tilting his head, someone scrutinizes him.
a thruster ignites on the back of the missile and launches it toward someone.
he beckons her closer.
someone wildly swings the boat hook, sticking the metal end in someone's mouth.
now, someone uses a line and pulley to lower someone's body out of an opening in the ship's hull.
in the cathedral, someone faces someone worriedly.
lowering herself to another ledge, she uses the top one for cover as a bald gunman shoots down at her.
someone, wearing a tight black leather outfit, approaches the booth.
swinging out his unbending left leg as he runs, the inspector follows after them.
his father smashes into a parked car,
someone runs along the roof's edge.
kneeling on the mast, someone gazes up as gold and jewels shower down around him.
averting her cold gaze, someone gives a careless gesture and steps away from the open door.
the front tire burns rubber until the vehicle drives into the night.
someone takes a deep breath and lowers his head.
someone and someone walked past with their lunch.
his eye still covered by a bandage, looks around.
as she crawls on by, he wakes.
as the boy reaches the toy shop, he reaches one hand toward the wind-up mouse.
someone taps someone's arm and points to a police car.
he steps close, offering a glass.
now in a home screening room someone and his friend watch friday the 13th part iii in 3d.
he turns back and ambles over to someone.
in a move like ballroom dancing, someone spins the controlled boy out, and the kid's loose-swinging arm slaps another boy in the face.
a web-like network of cracks spreads across the glass.
the janitor sets down his supplies and heads over.
someone winks and pats the guard's face, then turns to the women who pillow fight on his canopy bed.
his bare legs tremble slightly as he moves down a dark corridor past another dead bodyguard.
he aims a pistol.
they pick through clothes, strewn about the room.
someone's dark-haired friend joins him.
someone lights it and takes a drag.
a monk pulls back the nervous boy's collar.
someone looks past her to the rape video.
someone and his wife, a trim brunette, return home.
he twists from the waist, exposing a basketball-sized welt on his shoulder blade.
someone cradles her as someone rushes to a phone.
as someone addresses another resident, the caption reads - district 9, zone 4.
as someone and someone leave the room, a few arrive in the hall.
he quickly makes his way back to the raft and climbs on board.
he watches them get in their mercedes, then spots someone in a parked car.
someone resumes tracking the pair.
in a flashback, he wields chainsaws.
the boy crosses to a small area in front of three large windows which has been swept clean.
he frantically sprints ahead, his eyes focused on the top of the hill.
his father steps closer.
he heads down the hall.
as the pilot works the controls, more emerald hued fields of energy appear above them.
later, he lies on his back, his eyes still open.
now in his bedroom, someone sits at a desk.
it turns at a right angle leading him to a study with a gun case on the wall.
graffitied greek letters rearrange themselves to form a message in english.
we glide through them and inside.
in the operation center, the scanner verifies the president's palm print.
a man in a vest bows his head.
then draws a series of short diagonal lines.
our gaze drifts up to find someone between someone and a heavyset thug.
night falls as the van heads into a beach town.
someone takes in the roiling foamy waters crashing the bone yard then faces someone.
someone gives a wounded look.
someone interrupts to show him a ledger.
someone drags the zebra carcass out of view.
then pushes out a small drop that slides down the needle.
someone leaps over a cart and kicks him in the face, knocking him unconscious.
as of 10:25 hours, the cargo vessel aral sea is hereby ordered to reverse course and return to port in odessa.
the banker checks his watch.
his brow furrowed, someone spots a cot in the corridor, and strides toward it to find his father.
someone meets her daughter's gaze.
his smile growing wider.
someone takes small steps.
passing arriving mourners, the teen spots his mentor across the street.
in the hall, they open the door.
someone picks up a paintbrush and prods the vibrating cube then glances at someone.
in someone's bedroom, he pulls a chair up for her.
later he makes a call.
someone rises to his feet and slams someone's face through the top of a wooden crate.
now he wears a different but similar outfit as he lies on his bed with his eyes closed.
inside the hotel, someone and someone jump over the bar and cross the hazy room.
someone commands its bars to wrap around her wrists.
they pass by some restaurants then spots a few surfers.
the warrior leader skewers a giant nearly twice his own height and flings him away.
someone leans close, bringing her lips to him.
someone's suv pulls up.
in someone's apartment, framed photographs on the table show a younger, smiling someone with her mother.
burly agent joins the flow of foot traffic with his gun raised.
her brothers watch.
he plucks a tissue from a box.
she takes a step, then hunches over.
snowy writhes then covers his ears with his paws.
his feet flail in the air, they flop over and he pulls himself out.
a gunner lights a fuse on the cannon, which fires the capsule into outer space.
a spear pops a balloon and someone arrives as someone quixote.
someone examines the interior of the wig.
she shows a photo.
he shoves the money inside and closes it.
someone closes his eyes, and strokes a leather collar.
someone's hunched figure shuffles up a brick walkway illuminated with street lamps.
windshield wipers swish before her view of the duo closing their umbrellas and entering.
someone reads in a tree house.
someone crosses to her and she meets him halfway.
she falls.
the suv now leads the moving truck onto the zoo property.
next door, a blonde woman holding a beer spots him and gives a friendly wave.
in a lab, stark examines a glowing blue pellet.
shifting his worried gaze, someone breaks into a run, and sprints down a tree-lined path.
as the audience members settle their eyes back toward the front, the lights fade down and a new story begins.
in chicago, our view soars over skyscrapers.
someone stares as the gigantic whale corkscrews through the air, glowing water streaming from its fins.
opening the door a crack, someone peeks back into the room.
someone steps back, gripping a bamboo pole in each hand.
surfing toward it.
now someone leads someone and someone out of an elevator and down the hotel hall.
a narrow eyed man tries to run.
three workers tend the pool area.
hurt, he looks away from her.
someone grabs someone's backpack and removes firecrackers.
the car sports a hood ornament resembling an octopus with a human skull for a head.
someone sets the pictures down and eyes someone, who keeps his head bowed.
covered in native-california plants.
she checks her clock.
facing someone and the americans, someone munches a carrot.
he rips off someone's blonde wig and mask.
underneath, a distribution list includes email addresses for virtually every prominent american newspaper, news magazine, and broadcaster.
she waves back and someone continues to his car.
she smirks at someone and rides off.
someone picks up the broken ship.
she hurries out of the car.
later, by candlelight, someone stacks coins onto a two-dollar someone.
she reaches out a dainty hand and affectionately wraps it around one of his fingers.
as someone arrives, nimrod tumbles down a slide covering the stairs.
someone stares after her as she leaves with them.
he dances the alligator in front of someone.
then smiles through an exhaled laugh.
someone shoots him in the shoulder and he tumbles into the uncovered gap in the panel.
staring at the ceiling, someone gives a weary blink.
someone shakes his head as he turns to face her.
the bodies of the guards and the slain frost giants litter the vaults main corridor.
with a woman who has one eyebrow much higher than the other.
someone whips out his gun and peers at a car parked in the alley.
their flashlights illuminate the mangled mass over 10 feet tall.
someone zaps him back, making his fingers like a gun.
someone skillfully finishes painting her lips.
ahead, an suv carrying gunmen pulls up beside ghost rider's truck.
someone nods and stands with his hands behind his back.
she notices his jacket lying on the tiled courtyard and frowns.
she smiles to herself and turns the page, stopping.
now they approach another.
they turn as a navy drone lands on the ledge above them.
someone paints a sculpture of a bride and groom standing at a wedding,
she gently tilts someone's face and examines her handiwork.
he smiles as he strides toward the hammer.
he hugs her again and kisses her cheek.
someone and someone share excited grins.
as someone's van pulls away,
he takes her hand as she offers his bag.
the towering silver attacker walks unharmed through the flames.
she munches from a large box of doughnut holes.
it hits someone in the neck.
someone struggles to sit still.
he slaps someone's shoulder.
someone reaches for his folded cane.
he marches back indignantly.
he avoids her gaze.
someone frowns then someone leads them in prayer.
he gestures toward the interrogation room.
someone keeps his eyes respectfully on the reunion.
his accomplice follows close behind with one hand clutching the deputy between them.
under the churning water, someone surfaced beach.
as someone faces the crowd, his wife grins in a bright red hat and waves.
then releases his wrist and slides hers out of his grasp.
then heads down a dirt road bordered by a wooden fence.
duke slams the door.
he lands by a prim elderly woman.
as they look at her, the young woman twitches a smile.
he directs her cart down another aisle and makes stuffed animals flip inside it.
someone points the gun at them.
cassie takes it away.
someone's mouth opens as a drawing of the rocket crashing into the man in the moon drifts past.
a taxi van arrives.
inside the dome, someone hurls someone onto a rocky stream bed.
the apartment, shuts the door, but someone immediately bursts through it.
she pauses within earshot of a building entrance.
someone sprints down the street, passing vendors with their carts.
the slim charmingly disheveled young man shifts his uncertain gaze.
he gazes at someone who sits in front of his desk.
he opens up.
someone hurries off at a limp.
awaking, he sits up and looks around.
opening a window, he climbs into the building where he lived with his mother.
behind him move then stop as he whip
father who reads a bible.
someone digs deeper into the box.
someone approaches a boy who stands on one the donated surfboards.
now, someone wears a dark suit.
in sunglasses the boy ignores.
someone stares slack-jawed.
raising his fists, he wipes his nose.
in the corner, plastic sheets cover old furniture.
the young con artist pours a handful of rings out of an envelope.
he meets the working class man's knowing gaze.
she tosses her head and shoulders back with each beat, then wiggles her hips at the crowd.
she lets her satiny robe drop.
he watches the father affectionately touch his son's head then glances back at someone.
he halts at a shot of the parade.
in front of it, a soldier in dress uniform ends a salute and marches away.
someone climbs on to the tank.
the dog joins a red-haired young woman on a blanket.
back in the present, she dyes her hair dark.
the lanky robber now lies on his back, palms up.
someone inspected missing girl's bedroom.
fallen leaves float in someone's swimming pool.
he adds a star to the hotel's rating sign.
he notices the weapon and stares.
later in a hospital, they head into an atrium.
someone kicks the door shut rendering the room pitch black.
she offers him her cigarette.
setting his jaw, someone opens the door and slips outside.
lifts his chin.
he gazes tenderly at her, then glances at the someone.
and three fingers curl into his palm.
one of the chef hands her a warm towel as she sits.
later, the guests file out.
she sets down the handbag and lets out dolce.
looking along, the heavyset thug drops his rifle and sinks to his knees.
someone sits and hangs his head over his fist.
they go downstairs.
now, someone enters the farmhouse.
someone crosses the room, smoking a cigarette.
someone bares his gritted teeth.
someone releases the falcon and dives in.
someone shoots and one of someone's men slumps down the side of his saddle.
as his mounted friends look on a few yards off, someone climbs astride his horse.
in his fists, he turns and heads out.
he drops the phone to his side.
slams the door.
the ailing man wears an oxygen mask.
which shows the photo of young someone at the parade.
now, someone stands before his chemistry classmates.
someone lands face-up on the asphalt.
he falls off his board and vanishes in the crushing break.
someone steps forward and bends his ear with his finger, then glares at the people.
later, he gazes sadly at his laptop as he clicks through photos of the penguins.
dressed like someone child, someone puts her hands on her hips and faces her guests.
covered in cuts and bandages someone stares up at him.
someone glances at someone, then stares straight ahead.
on returning his attention to her bedside, he finds someone gaze on him.
he meets someone's gaze, then sheepishly sips from his cup
the russian freezes, then turns to face someone and someone.
rejoining someone spread his arms wide in a proud strut.
he reaches to the camera, switches off the light attachment, then lowers his defeated gaze and licks his lips.
he sits down opposite her by the campfire.
the seasoned martial artist thoughtfully watches him go.
with a triumphant smirk he turns on his heel and strides out of the bank.
outside, three masked men break a door open.
someone gives a tight smile.
inside, several women are looking around.
as the drone's shoulder-mounted gun lowers and aims at the child, someone lands and blasts the drone to pieces.
someone flies past the cockpit, as someone bangs his head and passes out.
she grabs a set of keys and a gun off a fallen agent then hurries upstairs.
he briskly caresses his mother's face, then aces someone with a grave expression.
she finds a copy of someone harvey's book.
as someone waits, she regards him plainly.
she brings a hand to her headset.
someone swerves away from the big rig, then cuts across approaching traffic as he returns to the proper lane.
as the older man leaves,
she goes back to the camp.
the therapist takes a seat behind them.
someone dodges easily, then attacks.
now, he stabs at sharks.
at a concession stand, he cuts someone off and offers popcorn.
in the station, the brown-haired woman walks her little dog to the cafe and opens the door.
she buries her face against his chest.
clutching the model ship to his chest the young man strides off.
they both glance away shyly then look each other in the eyes.
a man using a wheelchair shoots pool.
someone shoves someone who shoves back.
a caption reads - historic moment, as alien mothership leaves earth.
she watches as his balance ticks back up to 16 hours, 9 minutes, and 59 seconds.
someone glances at two men drinking beers at the bar, then at two men sitting at a table near the front windows.
he takes a long drink as someone exits the toilet, and he goes in.
she pulls him inside.
he stares at the photo then pushes down on the steering yoke causing the plane to dive steeply.
at home by a fireplace, someone kisses a half-naked man lying on his back near an open bottle of red wine.
someone grabs her friend.
the balding man sternly gestures for someone to approach.
on the road leading towards someone, the atvs travel in the dusty wake of a transport.
someone's shoulders sag in a weary sigh.
she stands.
someone calmly meets a stare.
a hearse drives off, leaving behind the charred suv, which still lies on its side.
someone mimes firing her gun with her fingers.
later, someone addresses someone as he readies his horse.
as someone studies her inscrutably out of the corner of his eye, she rubs her lips together.
she lets him lead her to the railing.
someone looks at the stairs and sees someone standing there.
she gives him a trendy dark rimmed pair.
at the restaurant the chef approaches someone.
now at a restaurant, someone enjoys chips and guacamole.
someone paddles at a steady pace, breathing out through his mouth.
someone checks someone's chute.
someone lowers his woeful gaze.
she waves.
someone creases his brow and looks away.
she shoots a basket.
someone kicks it in the air.
then slips her hands in her pockets and cranes her neck for a view up the street.
he stands.
someone circles someone, then squats down and lifts her face close to hers.
as someone glares at them, someone cowers, but someone looks him in the eye.
someone laughs at someone gripping a handful of snakes.
heading off, he pauses and turns back to face his approaching friend.
someone and someone watch them kiss again.
the greens watch with wide eyes.
someone watches the monitor as someone and someone fight the hydra soldiers.
someone tentatively steps to the front of the stage.
bits of light burst from the gun as it fires into the pig.
a woman's hand shoots up.
they pass jagged mountains peeking from thick mist as the sun shines through the clouds.
the sooty faced engineer sticks his head out of the side of the train.
the engineer and stoker cover their faces.
someone leans back in his seat.
pointing his finger like a gun, mr.
he plays video games.
he squeezes between two people at a show.
the newlyweds joyfully make their way up a narrow aisle between the well-wishers.
he points, then gets out and faces the young g-man.
now at a restaurant, someone sits at the head of a long crowded table.
flames surround its lower body and dance across its broad wingspan.
in a gold-tinged flashback, a modest carriage stands adorned with sunflowers, roses, and a just married sign.
someone's attacker holds her arms behind her back.
someone scrutinizes him.
someone stands there holding the bag, figures and sags.
someone turns into someone and spills red punch on her shirt.
words appear, rule number 2, double tap.
in his 60s, he has a gnarled old face with a black patch over his right eye.
someone focuses on ten black small bags.
the gunman follows.
he looks at the man's alien arm and holds out his own arm next to it.
she glances at someone and grins.
an animal leaps passed him.
moments later, she casually steps out, pretending to read a book.
he finds the pigpen empty.
someone faces his cackling friend.
she sinks to the floor.
the next day he arrives at school and opens the doors which have been decorated with paper snowflakes.
someone raises his hand and hesitates then slaps someone.
he throws another condom away.
someone starts to salt his, but someone takes the shaker away.
someone examines the scrolls.
overhead, the enormous ringed planet glows softly beside the sun.
now inside her dark house, someone heads down a hallway and opens a door.
someone tumbles down and wrestles his way past the heavyset thug.
he rocks forward and raises a shaking hand to his lips.
someone's mum pins up a newspaper clipping on a notice board that reads daybreak revitalized.
they lay their hands on the crystals which pulsate with light.
he pulls the pin and rolls the grenade onto the field full of recruits.
he squints at someone and someone.
someone stands upright, gazing at it.
as someone shifts his uncertain eyes, someone gives a knowing smile.
sitting on a nearby bench, the nerd looks over.
the man flops down at the table, his t-shirt reading, "save the fucking earth."
taking up her enormous rifle, she marches down her neighbor's hallway.
later, it follows a coastal road that ascends parallel to a shelf of dizzying ocean-side cliffs.
as he nods off, the camera falls.
he steps inside and kisses her.
mrs. gould watches him disappear behind the doorway
now an aerial view shows the la skyline.
one pirouettes, the other does a high kick.
someone nods for one of guards to bring him a small case.
turned around, the blind man now walks down the middle of the street.
blood and bruises mar his face.
someone grins drunkenly.
the doorman falls face-first into a contortionist's crotch.
he peeks around, signals for someone to be quiet, then leads her at a sprint down the sidewalk.
and finds the stray cat perched on the trash bin.
as they part, the slime stretches between his fingertips.
later, a group of men jog toward him.
with a judgmental look, someone turns away.
as agents scurry for cover, the destroyer incinerates several vehicles.
someone's sad eyes shift about as she leaves.
someone to his feet and they move on.
slack-jawed, someone looks at someone.
scowling, someone's manager watches mills cross the room.
he passes a dead-end street, and stops.
searching the contents of a folder he finds a hand-drawn schematic showing the scrapyard, the bank and someone's tantastic tan salon.
in his cell, someone shuts off two lights.
outside someone lifts her head.
she watches him go with a disappointed gaze.
the owner of the backside is actually someone.
as he dances close to her she looks at someone.
duke pulls a lever and someone takes off.
someone remembers asking out melody in high school.
she points to a sickly green gown.
the agent uses his radio.
as someone storms out, someone searches the closet.
he allows a slight smile and bows his head.
now he paddles over the water speedily.
someone's mother pushes him on a swing as the screen turns white
at the archives, photos of the murder victims sprawl across various locations on the swedish map.
as he repeats the process, a complete portable time capsule rolls down a conveyor sporting the curved receptor at one end.
the woman glances around.
as he and someone leave the dressing room, sister faces the opposite way and fiddles with her purse.
let them come.
on the far wall, snapshots hang posted to various spots on a map.
her brother carries someone's shark-bitten surfboard under one arm.
the suit's face plate flips up, revealing someone's smiling face.
she spoons medicine into a young boy's mouth.
as he convulses, the image distorts.
as they turn, hundreds of flying fish soar directly at them.
turning away, someone plugs his ears with his fingers.
lying in bed, someone swats someone with a pillow.
someone gives them a sulky look.
someone emerges from the car and pops the trunk.
she takes two long swigs.
biting her lip she turns away and answers her cell.
artest receives the ball, then elbows someonet into a padded wall.
she opens the door a crack and peeks out, but someone yanks it wide open.
in a holding cell at the back of the bus,
she smiles contentedly in his arms.
our view moves down her body to her feet.
meanwhile, someone distractedly chews gum as he steers a cruiser through new greenwich.
later, she clutches a hard-covered book to her chest, as she strides into someone mnemonic.
teenage witch listens to her talking cat.
seated at her desk, someone stands nervously.
he and his friend dump out its contents, then give the bag another kick.
someone presses his lips into a tight line.
lying in bed, he's awakened by the same sound.
lifting it over an opposing player.
at a bar, someone uses a cocktail shaker.
splotches of red stain a war map in his hand.
sister takes the seat facing hers and slumps.
he glances around but sees only the playing
wincing, he fits it into his mouth.
she looks back at him and he pointedly glances at someone who sits gaping.
someone puts a hat on his head.
someone adds beaten eggs and shakes her pan back and forth over a gas flame.
the plane pulls ahead.
an african-american man steps inside, takes off his hat and shuts the door.
as he gulps it down, a ref skates up.
someone lifts his brow.
the incorporeal figures continue down the tunnel.
she raises her arms letting him lift off her shirt.
someone wheels someone into the room.
the sports writers applaud.
he takes out someone's legs, then strikes again.
a pair of vapor trails stream behind the plane as it banks through a layer of clouds.
smiling, she holds his gaze.
someone shakes his head and faces the sea.
falling asleep, dreaming of cotton candy clouds.
he stands, gazes out of the city, then hurries away.
he faces someone who firmly stands his ground, hands at his sides.
someone stares intensely at someone who sits beneath a hide canopy strung up between two trees.
elsewhere in the city, someone stands on a balcony.
now as the building burns in the darkness, the father and son shuffle out among the wreckage.
he passes a guy in the kitchen.
in the cockpit, someone sleeps with paper covering his eyes, and his sunglasses over the paper.
adopting the female monk's cobra-charming pose.
someone sits slouched at the table.
his expression growing resigned, he leaves and shuts the door.
as the tiger climbs onto the canvas, someone curls up in a fetal position with his back to him and squeezes his eyes shut.
the robot unleashes the collected bullets in a single blast, and
she faces forward.
someone flutters his tongue in the invisible opening, then uses one hand to reach forward and stroke someone's penis again.
the children's parents glare.
stepping back, he looks skyward and waves his arms giddily.
a phone lies in broken glass on the floor.
someone glances up as the huge gears of a clock close in around him.
staring him down, someone's gaze softens.
someone shoots the last puck and pumps a fist.
the nurse takes someone to a private room,
he touches his brow as he continues to review the expenses.
a metal stand holds an umbrella above someone's head as the boy mechanically takes off his jacket,
he kisses her shoulder, then trails his lips from the tip of her chin, down her neck, and gently caresses her hair.
glancing around, she opens it and heads a blank page with the words "people i've slept with."
she marches back to her motorcycle.
someone rumples his lips into a frown.
his brow furrowed, he hangs his head and swallows.
someone stoops and sets someone upon someone's chest, pinning him down.
someone draws it halfway from its sheath, his eyes gazing off tearfully.
someone wrenches the wheel, spinning the roadster out of its path and back in the right direction.
as she skims a newspaper and turns up the radio, another elevated train passes in the windows.
they cross the street.
the lights switch on.
someone steps into an elegant and virtually empty room.
someone lifts a red, white, and blue shield from a crate.
someone returns two jabs.
standing she peers quizzically at her reflection.
he eyes her as she walks away.
someone's eyes flip from side to side as he stares downward.
someone drags someone out of his apartment and hustles him into her own.
someone offers a phone, but holds it back.
someone leaves someone with a book.
looking the other way, she breaks into a jog and joins a tall woman.
someone avoids her gaze.
her partner visits someone.
someone climbs over his raft and unsheathes a knife.
through his camera, someone looks the young woman up and down.
now the president wakes in a chair at someone's bedside.
she hands him some money and he examines it.
she flinches.
someone gives him a mildly intrigued look.
from directly overhead, we view sharks and large fish swimming just beneath the boat.
meanwhile, someone looks in the shoebox.
from high above, we watch the whale create a luminescent trail as it swims an arc around the lifeboat and raft.
the girls rise to their feet, someone does the same.
leaving his daughter, someone heads toward a window.
comes downstairs.
her old friend looks down,
do not cross the line.
the dancers straighten and point skyward.
he wears the helmet with the glowing visor.
in one corner stenciled letters follow the @ symbol with ftail.
someone lowers her troubled gaze.
he thrusts it at someone.
someone raises his glass with the others.
kneeling to the cell door, she picks the lock with her hairpin then tucks it back into her bun.
the grief-stricken man gives a helpless shrug,
several bartenders run onstage.
someone shifts her gaze and discovers someone absent from her view.
as he rots completely, someone holds up his two fingers.
she watches as he gets out of bed.
now the mustang speeds over railroad tracks back at taco boy.
someone shifts his gaze to the ship's floor.
four men dressed like someone.
someone strides past someone, to the decorative eagle, and climbs onto it.
someone runs out and faces the judges.
drawing near, he finds his mentor sprawled out on his board.
he pauses, facing the large packed house, and gives a modest smile.
someone steps up beside him.
now, someone helps someone out of his car.
someone notices the blonde someone beaming radiantly at him.
with a quick glance over his shoulder, he leaves the rolled up dollar someone in its place.
he leans down to the bottom bunk and shakes his sleeping brother.
later, someone adds a picture to the wall of photos.
shifting his jaw, someone pulls away.
this is for you, papa.
horizon sprawls perfectly flat between the sand and black sky.
its exquisite stone dining room features a vaulted ceiling and candlelit chandeliers of iron.
he hurls a plastic container against the wall.
it springs open releasing a powerful current of water and air bubbles.
someone gains on the car as he rounds a bend.
she leaves the box and the little ring picture on the table with the half eaten food and drinks.
he consults her file.
the snap hooks at the end of the cable sway against the pole.
two empty milk bottles sit in a basket.
someone heads off the court and the pixie-faced girl grins.
someone approaches someone, who wears one cuff on his wrist.
from the church entrance, someone catches a glimpse of her.
a knife rests on another strip beside it.
and ducks down as the plane bounces over a sand dune, flips and crashes.
taking the clydesdale's bridle,
someone walks up to him with folded arms.
someone hustles the man to the sidewalk.
as she darts past a bus stop, some of the waiting commuters stare after her.
kissing hungrily as they remove their coats.
some of the guns are small, but if it shoot you, it make a big mess.
the kids ride pass someone and an employee.
their voyeuristic expressions sour and two sleestak skins land at their feet.
as he obeys, she stands and steps over him.
someone kisses his wife and son.
he frowns.
someone sits up, her long hair hanging loose around her shoulders.
the young man wanders through the crowded square.
smoke rises to a crystal chandelier.
gangster shield themselves with the hostages as they exit the bank.
the boy joins them.
someone walks up to a desk and examines some equipment.
master someone grins.
his mother looks out the window then shuts the laptop and gives her son a stern look.
she lifts her gaze from an issue of back stage magazine in her hand and finds a sign for hollywood boulevard.
at the end of another hall, he reaches the door to his own suite and stops.
she taps buttons on the exam table's panel.
it carries him to the holographic navigation frame.
someone draws a long, slim blade and points it at her head.
someone watches her apply lip gloss.
his head reappears on his shoulders but copies remain.
focusing intently on the screen, someone reads an article entitled, news source confirms iraq wmd program.
someone leans back in his chair, his gaze chilled.
someone and the judge sit pleasantly before him.
someone walks out, senator brandt steps up to someone.
they run back across the rooftops.
the reactor pulses with light.
someone wrenches against her bonds but they give no sign of budging.
hovers on the movie screen, asking, scoot?
it shows assembled guests.
someone turns to the nurse.
a fat, shirtless man wears a british naval hat, stands in the room.
she lies with each hand curled around a rolled up towel and her mouth hanging slack.
inside, someone watches a newscast.
someone ambles into the cell.
to the sink, a baby elephant enters the house.
then sets it above the spoon.
dolce licks her fingers and waddles off.
she follows after her mother-in-law.
she hands him a suitcase and they continue out the front door.
the stranger ducks down a narrow passage and reaches out with a delicate hand to a brick wall.
someone turns and faces someone.
someone looks on uncertainly.
he's followed by several more people.
the kidnapper watches as the burning man flails about.
she greets a delivery man.
she gazes absently.
someone drags someone to the edge.
rolling to a stop, he loses his ax.
someone opens the door and smiles.
someone faces the boy.
someone eyes someone who nods.
someone lowers the lever.
a crewman fires at the mutant, who turns his head angrily.
someone, on his bright yellow long board, drops into a gentle five-foot curl.
someone takes a flash picture of sister.
someone offers his hand.
she pulls back her blanket and gets up.
someone hooks the back of his knees over the utility pole pegs, and does suspended sit-ups, as someone holds his feet.
someone gives a weary shrug then leans forward and rests his elbows on his legs.
someone does not raise his hand, crosses his arms.
a passing doctor shakes his head at them.
in a bridge class, someone stares out a window.
someone closes himself inside.
spreading his arms wide from the balcony.
he stares out at someone.
peering over his shoulder with her arm wrapped around his neck.
someone gives her a gentle shove, and she falls over.
someone removes her false ears.
as he heads off, someone reads from the book leaning against the wall.
someone draws one fist back and extends a straightened hand forward.
she ends the call then hits redial.
a breeze blows through the bushes flanking the end of the driveway.
someone listens to their exchange.
someone sets down a purse.
in the slum, aliens freeze in their tracks, staring upward.
someone gives an incredulous stare.
now a taxi crosses the bridge back to the island.
the dancers tap their heels, then nod to a neighboring stage where musicians play.
the producer smiles and raises her glass.
someone keeps his weary gaze fixed on someone.
inside, the little alien glances about excitedly, as a shadow sweeps over the cabin.
someone finds someone outside the library.
someone drops the phone and staggers back.
with his head down, someone walks off the back of the stage.
someone stands, his face shining with sweat.
at the end of a long room, the carpet spreads into a square underneath a wide desk.
with no luck, he cautiously climbs from his raft onto the bow.
someone notices piles of batteries in someone's cart, then stares into his neighbor's brown eyes.
he gruffly folds his arms.
and waits for her to run back.
the screen splits down the middle.
someone offers the music to the girl.
in the control tower, tears stream down someone's cheeks.
her black chin length hair obscuring her face.
her strained grin fades to a misty
little girl zombies cling to her car as she speeds across an empty lot.
led by the fedora-wearing man, the thugs back someone up to a wall at gunpoint.
someone opens the cabin door then peers at the captain.
nighttime traffic continues to blur through the city at super speed.
as she pulls the robe off her other shoulder she looks up and
running for someone, someone jumps another gap, but falls short and grabs hold of the opposite ledge.
elsewhere on the cottage's exterior she places another hidden camera.
someone shakes his head softly.
as they clinch.
someone runs to the tree-lined road and an suv slows to a stop.
a physician arrives.
the journalist sits facing his host.
someone climbs down the back of the van and hops off.
someone sidles past.
he gives a wide grin, then sits with his family.
staggering slightly, he plods away from the others.
sergeant jeffreys uneasily shifts his gaze.
now underwater, we peer up at four pairs of legs silhouetted against the light above the surface.
the engineer takes a seat, then activates the star map.
she goes off and someone steps forward, casually chewing gum as he glances around.
wearing a pretty purple strapless dress someone totters to a taxi in her high heels.
the alien's eyes snap open.
someone's thugs sit in back.
agent someone notices the empty birdcage then the orchid painting.
later, someone finds someone controlling a computer game with a huge touch screen.
it opens and he steps inside.
she makes the call.
someone sizes up someone's outfit.
the apartment lies in disarray.
someone runs barefoot down the hall, gun in hand.
someone laughs and lifts her arms as he finishes.
his eyes open wide and his jaw hanging slack.
elsewhere, a beautiful woman teaches gardening.
he and someone touch folded arms in a handshake.
he removes his reading glasses,
someone lowers a drawbridge over a moat and walks over to it.
gazing thoughtfully,
she get shot
he peers into the side mirror, then gives the good samaritan a thumbs up.
in the stands, the nhl hopeful, someone, watches anxiously as someone heads onto the ice.
crossbow and aims.
with her back to us, she faces someone and ditches her bra.
someone goes to the front door.
he walks her to a yoga class.
gazing up from her chair, someone purses her lips.
the image dissolves to someone as she opens the fan to the many columns of chinese lettering in its folds.
she cracks an egg into the water.
someone considers her, then turns back to the window.
the right side of someone's head decomposes as he swings his left fist at the demon.
someone gives a nod.
someone shakes rogers' hands then opens a folder.
the crates break apart and rain down around someone.
someone unfolds a ballot and reads it.
taking out a stack of money, she fans through it
she grips the phone thoughtfully then raises it to her ear.
someone watches, as reporters and officials wander around the wreckage.
he wakes with a start and rises to a crouch then looks at his gloved right hand, gives it a rub, and brightens.
meanwhile, someone steps out of her apartment.
she leaves the room.
the plane drops into a step dive.
we pass him by, then he overtakes us again.
someone passes businessmen at tables and makes his way to the front of the room by a bar.
someone sticks the cube into his jacket pocket then follows the others up onto one of the wrecked train cars.
the base of a magnificent palace illuminating its columned facade.
she pulls the needle through to the other side then sews another stitch.
with a relieved look, he presses a hand to the back of her head,
in a cafe, someone sits alone at a table, watching a man in a grey suit take off his wedding ring.
at the coffee shop someone stands at the counter and grins.
someone opens french doors to a faux balcony, closing her eyes, as a breeze wafts through her curly hair.
someone's cautious gaze relaxes as he rounds a merchandise divider.
someone slams down his spear, releasing bolts of white lightning.
now, as someone coils a handful of rope, he glances at someone who stares off with a stunned gaze, his head propped on his hand.
he stumbles to his feet.
taking out her phone, she fumbles with it over the hole and drops it.
he slowly straightens, then sheaths his sword.
now, someone struggles to pedal down a highway.
someone drives out of the falling building up a narrow street, then smashes through a low wall.
someone lights the cigarette, then takes a deep satisfied drag.
a box marked fragile comes around.
someone hurls him through the glass front door.
later a bartender pours two tequila shots.
someone lies awake in bed.
the skies darken and the sands turns to ocean,
someone climbs onto the rope ladder.
he drops to his knees at the water's edge and dips his hands in the stream.
someone limply points and cocks his pistol.
the orangutan picks it up, turning it in her hands and feet as she examines it.
he shoots her an alarmed look.
a monitor shows an abstract painting.
the villagers remain still.
as the woman walks through the open door.
later the father and son eat lunch together in their boxers.
he zips up the backpack.
someone jolts awake, and gives a horrified gape.
wearing a tuxedo, someone sits in a crowded theatre.
he carries his board toward the house.
he leans his face closer to her, and she smiles.
someone slumps a little then sits back.
looking down, he cocks his head and frowns.
the people drift away as someone walks to the front of the lot and gazes into the street
now, someone's van travels up the ocean side highway.
she runs her hands up and down the mic stand.
grinning, someone clasps someone's right wrist and twists it into receiving position.
the man breezes through donning a bicycle helmet.
the blonde gazes fondly at the photo, which shows the brunette woman cradling a young girl.
someone's eyes pool with tears.
hand stuffed in the pocket of his gray hooded sweatshirt, the young man hurries toward one of the warmly lit brick buildings and heads up a few step.
but someone's long-legged stride keeps him several yards ahead.
the teen sends him flying back into the camera.
its outermost portrait still shows the man with long fingernails.
she leaves an envelope with someone's name on it, between his lighter and a bottle of whiskey.
he passes a co-worker at a water cooler and enters the bathroom.
downstairs, someone punches buttons on the security system, enters the basement workroom, and eyes the iron man suits.
someone puts his box down and takes a seat at an enormous desk.
someone glances at someone then walks into the house,
you need not worry about me anymore.
someone hangs up and furrows his brow.
glancing between his arms, someone watches his carnivorous shipmate bat fish from the air.
someone takes a handful of cans from the supply hatch and drops those in as well.
she finds a bar coaster in a pair of jeans.
from his camera, we watch him float cash from the register into his bag.
the woman tosses her head ecstatically.
realizing her location, she presses her hands to the roof,
he grabs an extinguisher and hurriedly puts out the fire.
then trots onto the parched matted grass in front of someone and someone.
hotel room, she lies on a bed then resolutely sits up.
someone turns away and ambles off alone.
the veteran surfers look back, give him a respectful nod, and they paddle on together as a foursome.
on the bus, someone takes a seat.
someone's fist emerges from the pile, clutching the keys.
pinching it in between his thumb and index finger, he turns it in the light.
the hiding alien backs around the corner.
standing in a hallway, a pregnant someone eavesdrops on the conversation.
as she doffs her jean jacket, she keeps watching.
two young girls in front of them look at someone.
someone surrounded by candles, flowers, and bowls of fruit and rice.
a female timekeeper turns to him.
a tall balding man removes his hat and someone nods.
opening a flask, someone spikes his coffee.
in the kitchen, someone sets a teakettle on the stove.
facing the cop, the fbi agent aims an imaginary gun and visualizes the murdered criminal.
8:13 pm, someone sits at his desk.
the air force drones fly through the roof, breaking more glass.
he trails his cursor over the search results then selects a youtube video.
he smiles boyishly.
smiling, the zookeeper crouches behind her.
the prisoners simultaneously sit in their adjacent glass cells, and someone faces someone.
someone enters and takes a seat next to her.
they go out to the patio.
in the kitchen, someone takes off his scarf then sets two plates on the table.
her mouth falls open.
a portly desk sergeant looks up at her approach.
they share a loving smile then someone cradles someone's cheeks.
eyeing her wristwatch, she pushes a button.
someone grabs his phone.
as he swivels a hand aimed in her direction, her body gently turns and a blanket slides up to cover her.
as he storms off, his mother-in-law speaks up.
on the sidewalk homeless men wrestle each other for the bread.
someone now addresses three executives.
someone kisses her husband.
tune ann brings someone a tissue for her nosebleed.
smiling politely, he heads away.
someone steps out of the car and waves to onlookers.
someone smiles as she watches in her mirror, then touches up her mascara.
someone parks the car then turns to someone.
someone glances down the rails at an oncoming train then at the automaton.
he smiles wistfully.
at the apartment, someone slides aside a grated door, protecting shelves of records, books, and dvds.
someone now lies fully exposed from her shoulder blades to her ankles.
the someone flings someone across the room, shattering another mirror.
back at the cia field office, someone's three colleagues crane their necks to watch.
later, he lies in the dark clutching the manuscript.
someone switches off his radio and leaves the deserted after-hours kitchen.
someone resumes drawing.
entering a small lecture hall, he carefully feels his way down carpeted steps to the front of the room.
someone bashfully glances at the fire and turns away.
someone sends someone a message featuring a woman in a slutty peter pan costume.
a sign above a warehouse store reads j.
pepper steps into the workroom as someone gulps down the remaining chlorophyll.
he turns on his wristwatch's light and it glows on his determined face.
as the two men fight, someone enters a second set of doors and runs past another guard.
behind them, someone holds someone's arm and guides her outside.
someone takes someone into a filthy restroom.
now, in the depository building, someone packs evidence baggies filled with white powder into a brown paper bag then rolls the top down.
the creature stands, towering over someone.
holding her gaze someone steps back and leans against the wall.
someone approaches someone's desk.
someone reaches around someone.
he notices a flower resting three panels away on the pool's glass.
someone looks around self-consciously.
someone climbs out of the suv and shuts the door keeping her eyes fixed.
in the vault, someone slowly walks between stacks of the armored cases.
someone gives her the money.
someone gazes across the table at someone's paper.
without breaking eye contact, the two men circle.
smiling rakishly, he removes his gloves.
they swipe kitty paws at each other, then take turns upstaging each other.
as we cut to black, words appear, the end.
someone stands from the center of his raft and throws the can with all his might.
a webpage mentions his previous work in the financial division.
the israeli raises his eyebrows.
his legs flail beneath his white bath towel.
at dusk, a red car passes terrain decorated with names spelled out in white stones.
handcuffs and chains prevent him from lifting his hands any higher than his abdomen.
someone drops some letters on top of others in a metal box.
keeping her hands on her hips, the round-faced beauty steps forward.
the humble father looks at the men then drops his gaze.
the creature rocks the bus as the driver tries to start the engine.
someone shoots his pistol in the air and the bird flies off.
someone arrives behind it, his rifle raised.
as fearful bystanders scatter, someone angrily faces his niece.
she leaves the table.
she looks up at the enormous skyscraper
the teens emerge.
someone comes next, then someone.
ahead, an armored tank fires at the car someone swerves into a driveway as the tank passes behind them.
as its doors open, officers on the scene hustle handcuffed suspects to their feet.
he leans out and fires.
someone remains standing with his arms at his sides.
he turns on a light.
now, a massive cruise ship sails past the coastal resort.
she hugs someone and leaves the kitchen.
light filters into someone's darkened bedroom through the drawn curtains, offering a shadowy view of the couple in bed.
someone winces a little as she works his loins.
nearby, the truck rolls to a stop.
standing in the pool, someone covers his eyes.
they all gaze skyward.
it slips from his grasp.
someone hops into someone's black convertible town car.
he hits his rear on the horn as he attempts to back into the seat.
someone ogles someone's short pajama top.
a knit cap frames his flushed complexion.
meanwhile, the dark-haired young man heads upstairs.
the corner men insert each fighter's mouthpieces.
she glances down then heads off and he turns to watch her go.
he shakes himself out of the daze.
her sharp-featured gaze fixed on the snake.
he furrows his brow as he considers.
someone climbs out through his mangled door.
someone raises his hand, capturing the group's attention.
striding down a sidewalk with hunched shoulders,
they ride in the back of a limo.
he shifts his perplexed eyes.
blinking rapidly, someone keeps his gaze fixed on the horizon.
someone boogies his way past the display and through a park.
someone and her companion walk down the busy main street.
as someone stares after him, he glances back and smiles faintly.
she gives a satisfied grin.
as someone stands by, someone holds the weights over his head.
upstairs, someone blasts another flying bottle.
now, tall reeds wave in a breeze as the young man hikes into view, and gazes ahead.
it swings open revealing a stunned someone on her cellphone.
someone slouches against the door, looks down, then gives gerry a little smile.
holding it up, she purses her lips and mocks a seductive expression.
he rushes outside as someone drives the suv away.
as someone grabs onto the boat's diving step, its grizzled owner cocks a gun from the deck.
the army man punches the thug and kicks him down the alley.
as he readies a bright light at the end of the exam table, someone solemnly lies back.
he enters the quiet office, passing a row of empty chairs against the wall of a waiting area.
in the front row, someone wears a look of disgust.
left alone with her, someone backs against a wall.
bowing his head, he bursts into tear.
his teammates pound the wall with their gloved hands.
they play a game with gun-shaped controllers.
meanwhile, the hijacked ambulance glides down an otherwise vacant road through desert landscape.
now, someone wakes up from a nap.
when he appears cleaned-up,
someone returns his camera to someone, then videotapes several teens heading inside.
someone climbs safely behind the wheel.
the major smirks, then faces him and lowers his pen.
someone looks down at the simpleton lying sprawled on the dry earth.
one woman hugs her folded hands to her chest.
someone goes from one dressing room to the other.
someone and someone run down the street as fire and smoke fill the night sky.
later, in someone's living room, they play cards and use cheese puffs as betting chips.
opening his eyes, someone sees the chopper shooting upward and losing control.
smoke, wind, and sunlight stream in from a round hole in the wall serving as a window.
he glances down at her with a pensive smile.
on the road, disappearing in a trail of smoke.
he lowers his eyes, tries to bite back his smile and fails.
someone, lying nearly motionless, stares up at the ceiling.
his wife looks tenderly.
someone shoves the door open.
cars swerve as someone walks into the street.
older newcomer takes a seat, someone approaches.
she wakes and sits up.
she stumbles and one of her shoes slips off.
someone slides a mug off of a display.
someone stands motionless then slowly follows the others.
the girl feeds some ducks.
absentmindedly tugging on a lock of hair, she clicks on the print button.
drumming a pen at each hand.
he tries some cake.
someone watches him steadily.
someone leads him to the dance floor.
now, a woman with a cloth over her nose and mouth uses a stick to pick up an article of clothing from a pile and drop it into a small fire burning in the middle of a patio.
as the first agent stands, someone slams the second agent into him and flees.
it lists the performers names with someone's at the bottom.
a mother and daughter arrive with a measuring tape.
outside an establishment marked "atomic," a bespectacled man sits in a parked car with a lovely auburn-haired woman.
she grabs another top.
as a crowd crosses the other end, he turns back and walks in the opposite direction.
someone stops dancing staring wide-eyed.
landing on the zebra, someone kills the hyena with a wrench of his jaws.
sink.
now, someone tucks someone in.
the man steps forward and injects the contents of a syringe
hands burst through the baseboards and grab his ankles.
he glances between his sons.
headed his way in a car, someone peers ahead over the steering wheel.
someone drops someone to the floor.
a woman with long blonde hair turns.
he withdraws his hand from his father's, letting it fall back into the murk.
i seem to be your only reader."
someone refrains from digging in and faces someone.
someone comes running in.
it contains a photo of the blunt-featured someone.
he checks his phone.
he stops and gazes ahead.
someone opens up and shivers.
inside he untapes the phone and answers it.
the someone magically unseals.
looking around, he notices the someone sitting on a small pedestal in front of the hearth.
she bangs her head on a lamp above her.
he plods off.
he blows out its flame.
her gaze darts to a wrecked atv half-buried in a mound of dirt.
he tries to push it down.
marketing research incorporated.
someone leads someone past, the monk crouches on one foot,
reaching someone's alcove, she parts the curtain.
running at a stilted, awkward gait,
someone gives it a quick peck.
someone wipes his face with a sooty hand then runs off.
his daughter looks up at him seriously.
with a crouching-leg sweep, the boy sends him sprawling.
arms folded, someone returns his gaze to the surf.
now, someone's toned upper body hovers above someone.
later, in the misty woods, the vampire hunter digs a grave.
someone, toting a suit carrier, boards a train.
he blows his nose, and tearfully dabs at it.
peering up at us, he releases the camera into the air.
someone looks down at the paper and grins.
gauging its weight.
a chef with a snowy mustache looks up, and his male students turn.
he glances at someone who stands nearby staring at them.
a glass wall beside them reveals a medical lab equipped with gruesome-looking tool
as someone approaches, he hangs his head.
the young man faces the man in the booth.
our view tilts down to a dizzyingly long stairway beneath us.
two other g-men approach the luxury car.
with a single powerful kick, he knocks the boy off his feet, and sends him crashing to the mat.
someone stands and throws the stick away.
the envelope reads -
reflected in the glass door, two esu officers outside back away with their rifles.
someone wears an orange polo.
as someone follows her, someone returns his gaze to the amphitheater and knocks on a rock wall.
he looks skyward.
he cups his flexed hands toward his chest.
he eases her back to look her in the eye.
at the research base, someone and the young recruit sit in a rec room with a large window overlooking a courtyard.
he shuts the door.
our view presses in on the envelope.
someone signals as a hydra tank approaches on a forest road.
someone faces someone who wearily meets his gaze.
someone takes off her helmet.
someone eyes the chocolate, licks his lips, then meets the man's gaze.
someone kicks someone.
someone blends the makeup on his skin.
someone continues through the kitchen, opening the high cabinets one at a time.
as he goes back and forth between the two, streaks of light fly out of someone's face and into his own.
someone opens his front door.
she holds his hands.
he kicks open another crate, spilling rocks on the floor.
the young man performs squats and knee lifts, working his arms with his shotgun.
now at the studio, a camera's viewfinder shows someone in a gorilla suit.
it's attached to a string.
more teammates enter.
a sedan almost backs into her.
in the cockpit, someone stands at the helm, his shipmate seated behind him.
someone sits on a bench in a spacious and empty train station.
keeping his eyes fixed on someone parker's, someone's hand trembles with the slab of meat.
someone blows smoke out of the joint and into someone's mouth.
someone enters the gorilla enclosure with a bucket and shuts the door behind him.
blood trickling from his nose, someone squints and looks around.
a video still shows her kissing a boy.
her father jerks on his door handle but it doesn't budge.
she opens an information flap on the box.
with a disappointed look, someone watches his daughter climb into the truck's extended cab.
she has a spoonful.
one labeled, gotti, k and the other gotti, v. a long flat box beneath them reads handle with care.
a little later, she goes downstairs disheveled and confused.
someone works a mound of clay on the table in an art studio.
someone catches up to him.
as he turns, someone faces him.
he holds open his hat, which fills up with the falling treasure.
now on the spreadsheet, gottfried's name types out with a question someone in the row detailing someone's murder.
in the sun's golden glow, the father, son and daughter converse animated.
someone sits facing a laptop.
on stage someone wears a flouncy powder blue dress with short puffed sleeves.
someone watches helplessly.
now at someone mnemonic, the front window shows someone and someone enjoying a meal and wine at a table for two.
he rolls down the passenger side window.
in a bunker filled with military personnel, someone marks a map.
someone races away.
someone slides the blade down the back of a raw duck on a cutting board.
he takes his daughter's hand.
someone sinks down on one knee.
at the beach, someone paddles his surfboard out over the breaking waves.
with his boot, someone rolls her on her back.
at her desk, someone removes her cell from her ear and lowers her thoughtful gaze.
an award-winning baker stands before an array of fancy cakes.
the archer rinses his hands and face, then beams.
he turns to a crewmate.
he remembers a soldier carrying the boy away, then
they glare at the abusive man.
with his whip, someone slaps iron man's hand downward, then strikes iron man's suit.
takes a seat at the kitchen table and watches his boys.
outside, the departing baptists get into a sedan and drive off.
as someone shifts his eyes, a giant talon knocks him
she whips the towel at his hand and knocks the gun into the tub.
through his binoculars, the admiral watches the vessel rise.
someone stays put.
he slips his own wrist under someone's.
his arms raised limply over his head.
as she gazes at him,
the young man shifts his rueful gaze.
as llamas, a hawk, and oxen stir, someone works in the kitchen.
onstage, she shimmies her fans.
he hikes up
the alien straightens, sitting up on its heels and looks around.
he heads towards a giant framed michigan lottery check adorning the wall.
that evening, someone walks along the street to the boarding house.
someone scrambles back into view, looking around wildly.
a sniper sets up beyond a low concrete barrier.
he picks up the tv remote.
someone is lonely.
he puts down his luggage and gives sister a little smile.
now someone finds someone smoking a cigarette.
our view drifts to another containing five captives.
the older girl unleashes a deadly series of shots.
to another window, watching the gangsters dragging someone away.
a robotic arm equipped for surgical tools sprays anesthetics across her stomach below her belly button.
as he edges closer, it rears up.
he finds the bed crisply made and unoccupied.
as the civilian averts his gaze and fidgets, the detainee eyes them nervously.
he knocks someone back then activates a trapdoor.
he spills his espresso.
a patron spits out his drink with laughter.
someone eagerly climbs in to retrieve them.
other participants are seated or milling around preparing for their presentations.
moving his hands, someone levitates two lego pieces which bounce off each other.
sitting motionless, the teacher gazes after him, then bows her head as he exits.
someone's instructor listens, stone-faced.
the tiger tries to climb the raft, then the ship's hull.
then find someone riding on her father's shoulders, aiming her camera at the quaint two-story colonial house.
cloud takes on human form and materializes into someone.
both boys shoot straight up into the air.
she shifts her eyes back to the monitor and watches as someone forces a smile.
the judge faces a soldier.
someone clicks the mouse.
she adopts a sullen pout,
as she gets closer, she stares at the floor.
someone frowns and leans his head against the seat.
now in wetsuits, they each carry a board.
someone circles a stickman on the chalkboard.
someone throws open the doors and steps outside.
inside the airport, they walk up to the digital departure board.
later still, someone holds his wife in his arms as she reaches out to scratch someone's back.
as the couple heads up the front steps, someone climbs into the car and peels out.
later, she smiles at the reflection of her long smooth ponytail and flounces it against her back.
the car crashes through the barricade, skids sideways, and turns right onto the racing course.
mrs. po sends someone in the opposite direction.
someone looks over the audience.
using both hands, someone angles a pole upward, raising someone's hand to his face.
someone does sit-ups in a black hoodie zipped up over her face.
they dance in the arcade.
someone sits up with an alarmed look.
as someone rolls out of someone's garage, someone stares solemnly after him.
wennerstrom accused of wide-ranging crimes.
he sets it face down on a table.
the cast and crew all gawp at her.
he's got an hour.
it embeds in the forehead of the doctor's portrait.
someone flies out from the smoke, holding his father by the ankle.
he glances away, then opens his mouth wide.
he peers cautiously out the window then returns to the desk, takes his file, and goes.
someone catches it and someone grins.
someone emerges from the pantry.
the women drink shots.
he follows close behind her, rebreather also removed from her back.
a view from behind someone shows his bare chubby rear.
climbing in, someone pauses at the side of the complex network of buckles.
someone grins hopefully.
someone watches him closely.
someone stands among them.
she plants her hands on her hips and her gaze falls on a headline.
inside the building, someone cautiously heads toward a door marked with chinese writing.
two doctors in coveralls wheel him down a corridor, then unzip the bag.
the peaceful young woman looks at the ashes and purses her lips.
as someone punches someone in the face, a few more rockets explode.
he spots a lone surfer.
the climbers' lights as they ascend the narrow chimney.
the truck takes an exit.
camera bulbs flash.
with a power hungry smile, someone blasts away a chunk of the deck.
the aging detective struggles to pull himself up.
someone gazes at his son tenderly.
the agent responds with a bemused frown.
the grizzly keeps approaching.
standing in the rain, agent someone stares down at him.
its arm flies off.
outside the cafe, the brown-haired woman still holds her little dog to her chest.
he allows a brief smirk.
three porch lights illuminate the exterior.
resting her chin in her hand and keeping her eyes on the city, she nods.
the frowning beauty arrives beside someone and accidentally drops her purse.
and a boy runs before his mom, guiding her as they both haul their luggage.
he hangs his head.
now in her apartment, someone continues reading the manuscript.
her head, revealing a silvery blue slip, then leans over on top of someone.
holding the porcupine, someone turns away.
now someone and someone follow someone, climbing to the top of an ancient structure
they smile.
the cook looks over his shoulder at the customer window.
holding a handful of dollar bills, someone eyes a print ad for $89 weather radio.
he storms off, leaving his father and sister at the dinner table.
a third opens high above her.
leaves flutter off the tree.
gut, taking the zombie down.
back at the crater compound, a needle spikes on an electronic instrument as a technician holds it out toward someone.
a man crawls in.
she spots a storefront with a pink awning.
they pass under a welcome sign and enter a stone gray clobbered building.
in the light of day, someone watches someone jump back from his kill.
in manhattan trust, someone exits the supply room, then closes the door.
someone's expression softens fondly.
someone flinches as someone takes her hand and kisses it.
her arms around his neck, she shrugs coyly.
she makes a kissy face.
now, someone looks back at someone.
the alarm clock says it's just after 4:30 in the morning.
someone's fingers almost touch the
a board hangs above the desk, covered in photographs and cards.
he scrambles to a recess and puts his back to a pair of doors.
the chauffeur rolls it down and gazes out.
she takes the glass and crosses the stylish room to a hatch.
wearing shorts, a big comfy shirt, and a ponytail, she struts into the living room and turns on a flat screen tv.
stepping outside, he approaches the shed and peers in with a worried gaze.
tilting his head, snowy steps forward.
he takes a seat on a sprawling couch.
as the mohawked man sits, someone takes the seat facing him.
sticking her arms out first, someone crawls through the small opening.
someone grabs the key, reaches through the cell bars, and unlocks the door.
in the cell, someone lies prostrate on the floor, his back to the door.
the gas clouds stop swirling and expand slightly.
someone opens a door and peeks into the room.
someone creates a design on the dark bedroom wall.
as someone recoils, the car rams the bearded biker's rear tire.
someone wakes, then slowly looks over her shoulder.
she holds it to her chest and smiles.
now at forward base, someone lugs a rebreather pack ashore as someone and someone come out of the water.
someone's eyes dart up and down.
someone and someone take turns shooting the alien.
as they swordfight, sir someone kicks more gunpowder at the lantern.
holding both of her hands, he pushes her away, then pulls her in with her back against him.
the boy turns around with a wounded glare.
another kid holds his red kite up as he runs.
someone follows in matching attire holding a cardboard box marked doves.
ghost rider's skull snaps around, catching sight of someone's suv ahead.
the thugs step aside from the raised hatch.
as she enters, someone freezes on the bed and glances toward the hall.
he reads the balance, then races back down the hill.
he starts to turn away.
someone steps out of the ring and sits beside pepper.
she sits on the bed with the handset to her ear.
they leave the enclosure.
someone rises from the sink.
someone dashes off to the far side of the enclosure.
written on the lid is cl county, hold at station.
someone takes him away in handcuffs.
someone glances out the back window.
someone gazes off sadly.
she gapes at him and he shrugs.
after a shower, someone covers herself with a towel.
a tagline reads "the average number of lovers women have in their lifetime is 10.5."
district 9 was demolished after the alien resettlement operation was completed.
they face each other on the bed.
someone hesitantly lifts his gaze.
he lowers his eyes.
he takes another hit from the tank, then continues on.
the young man flips his knife around, then makes a stabbing gesture.
beaming shyly, the little boy leaves with a jaunty stride.
someone responds.
hanging off the swing by one arm, he shoots the zombies as they approach the fence.
two swat officers cautiously scope out the area.
later, someone rides his bicycle into a fenced cemetery.
now in a suite, a bathrobe-clad someone puts a cd in a player.
the bankers all obey.
he caresses her cheek, then leans in and kisses her.
in the bathroom, someone sits on the counter and dials his phone.
someone goes up for a high-five, but topples the legos instead.
inside an open yet cozy home, candles adorn a huge brick fireplace.
in the stands, they sit.
as someone glances back at the stage, someone pulls off someone's wig.
she hurries off the bus and jogs back towards weis time lenders finding it closed.
someone shoots a satisfied glance toward someone at the back of the house.
he leans back in his chair.
as someone goes to help, someone joins someone.
another flare goes up.
he timidly edges away a few inches.
and notes a bleeding cut just above his right eyebrow.
the real estate agent follows him up a set of stairs set into a hillside.
she crouches, revealing a cobra poised before her, its hood fanned out.
someone unzips his jacket to reveal the vest.
someone opens the building's door and sprints inside.
someone stabs someone in the gut.
lay her down here.
he glances at the phone.
someone slams her phone down.
someone balances on his knees as he extends his body.
later, someone rides up
they conceal weapons strapped to their ankles.
later, he trudges up a metal staircase inside a square tower.
someone grabs an imaginary weapon from a woman's cleavage and lobs it at someone who catches it, throws it back and it gets someone in the heart.
an imposing man with a closely trimmed beard greets him.
now, on a misty morning, the waves crawl up on the sandy beach beneath an overcast sky.
into a swirl of white water, they topple out of the raft and disappear into a bright blue light.
now in the lab, someone brings a box.
as they lie on the floor, someone does one arm push-ups.
someone parks his suv in front of some rooms.
in the bathroom, someone kicks a feminine hygiene product dispenser off the wall.
he smiles meekly.
someone approaches the water.
a car salesman opens the hoods of cars missing their engines.
relaxing a bit someone lifts her head of the table and stares slack-jawed.
someone leads someone to a back hall.
as a policeman opens the truck, uniformed soldiers escort the prisoners out.
holloway steps toward someone, his arms outstretched.
she tosses it.
someone kicks the front door open.
later, someone and little someone creep down a hallway.
the dartmoor animal park on which this story is based is an acclaimed zoo whose methods are studied worldwide.
the pod ejects from the ship
someone searches a couple of cluttered desk drawers.
from overhead, we narrow in on the parking lot.
someone stands awkwardly.
at the hamilton's, someone's mother lifts a longboard.
an instructor leads her and three other middle-aged women on their own poles.
someone pulls out the other chair.
she gazes into adams eyes.
someone and the other men stand.
someone holds up a piece of clay, shaped like a person.
her tight skirts shows the curves of her toned rear.
he doubles over.
they each take a wafer sealed in a baggie.
she abruptly gets in the limo.
on the desk, the coin sits, unmoving, beside a little brass bell.
as someone slowly rises, someone grabs him.
the men head off with their boards.
with a hurt gaze, someone walks down the steps, past grumpy.
it bursts into flames.
he slinks down in his seat.
now, someone gingerly unwraps a bundle of pink tissue, revealing a delicate metal sculpture of a flower.
someone opens the door and gawks.
tubes and pods filled with space.
someone opens the bedroom door and slips out.
now, a hospital surveillance camera shows a policeman walking mr.
a star system appears in its midst, complete with a ringed planet.
daylight from the windows accentuates her pale complexion as she slumbers.
with long strokes, he swims back to the lifeboat.
we don't make fancy quality, we make true every day quality".
a white pickup truck backs up to the lip of the crater, as men wrap a chain around someone.
a section of the fence is peeled back.
a caravan of suvs drives under the machine's long truss boom followed by a pair of cargo trucks.
someone hangs his head.
floating nearby, someone uses his power to blast out the windshield and suck someone from the car.
the weakened teen gazes over the side of the boat.
someone rests beside her.
someone stands, picks up the tray, and grabs a note lying on it.
now someone and someone fit someone with cloth-wing attachments.
someone releases the falcon, which swoops over the crowd.
his hand brushes against the sweatshirt's front-pouch pocket.
now, the two outlaws hurry over a tightly-packed network of rooftops.
someone runs into the middle of times square, then stops and gazes at the brightly lit signs and video screens all around him.
later, someone marches away from the apartment building.
he falls over, frozen stiff.
someone hides behind the porsche as martha gets out of her car and waves to someone as he comes out of the building.
as she shuts the door, he turns away and steps around his car.
someone turns to someone and someone.
nearby, someone bends and nuzzles someone, then kisses his forehead.
he sinks a fist into someone's gut.
the black-haired pig charges them and they run.
she slumps back down on the bed.
a team of soldiers surrounding him cock their weapons.
as the sky darkens.
someone accidentally smacks someone and snowy with an oar.
someone wipes his mouth, then picks up the canister.
a window shows someone's car pulling away.
he holds a small square.
he parks in front of the garage door and goes inside.
our view roves in close to his face framed by the gladiator-like helmet.
the inspector bows slightly then turns and walks off.
now, at the bank entrance, a robber waves someone inside.
the dark haired woman peeks in.
the noblewoman politely returns the gesture and makes an effort to sing along.
he sits across from her with a big grin.
someone watches her with an amused loving stare.
two pass a policeman.
now they give a four gun salute.
behind him, someone checks her clock.
at a mirror, someone styles his dry hair.
the tot smiles and points and someone adds syrup.
he jerks his thumb at the zoo staff.
someone gives a halfhearted wave.
evelyn someone was injured during the moscow car crash that killed her parents.
someone wears a suit jacket and narrow tie worn over a crisp white shirt.
he reaches toward someone.
bystanders snap photos.
the father dusts snow off the child's clothes and adjusts the blanket to cover him.
wearing a ball cap, someone works out on an elliptical trainer.
back in the supply room, someone answers his.
the writer lowers his gaze.
lying on his belly, he slams it against the boat's hull.
halts and plucks off the note.
she shakes the cartridge then replaces it.
the windshield's glare conceals the driver's face.
the grappling foes land on her suv's hood.
he lowers himself to the ground and leans against the tunnel's wall, then releases the button for his watch light.
now at a bar lit dramatically by lemony yellow light bulbs, someone takes two shots onto the near empty dance floor and hands one to someone.
then stops and switches on her taser.
in the room above a man with a thick black beard rubs his head as snowy leaps in through the port hole.
a large squid emerges from the dark abyss.
later, she carries a brown paper bag to her bicycle
now on a narrow path in the woods, someone, someone and a few underlings approach on horseback.
her skin becomes blue and her hair morphs into its original color.
at the table, someone's mother shares a meal with a middle aged man.
inside, they enter a long, dim hallway.
someone sprays him in the face.
someone turns to where someone was standing but finds him gone.
a few blocks away, the boys run past houses and across more lawns.
she sits in the back of a taxi and presses her hand to her forehead.
with the board jutting out perpendicular over the wave, someone takes a wide stance.
and presses the front door bell.
they're standing in a vast limbo.
a little girl pulls papers off the reception desk.
in a flashback, guests greet someone at a casual party.
someone takes a folded page from the teen and opens it.
now at someone's architecture firm, someone enters and crosses the bustling floor to someone's office.
back at home, someone watches a news report.
someone moves her flashlight beam across the high ceiling.
a projectile the size of a soda can launches.
the white-chested penguin bears a black someone over his heart.
they bring plates and cups to a table on the lawn.
a ball of flames appears in his palm and he lowers it for someone to see.
behind him, someone and someone aid his mother.
the instructor strolls in front of his students.
someone dodges someone's kick again.
someone faces her and takes her hand.
at the far end of the chemistry classroom someone sits with two other nerds.
someone lightly taps the syringe,
they hurry out of the room to find someone holding the baby.
she stares at the dark shimmering water flooding the chamber below.
someone rows the lifeboat while someone sits with his hands on his knees.
someone hugs a young girl who wipes away tears.
but drop him before they reach the railing.
hill.
someone blinks and shrinks back slightly.
he leads someone into a den.
someone opens his eyes and steps back.
someone bashfully drops her gaze.
as she withdraws her hands from it
reaching behind her back, she goes to unzip her dress.
waking up, she finds a note in the vacant spot beside her.
gritting his teeth.
someone pushes back and someone's guys knock him down.
someone holds up three fingers.
someone takes it and sips.
arriving just as a sleek bullet train glides up.
with his displeased gaze still on someone, someone rumples his lips, then turns away.
he halts before a central table.
holding a newspaper, someone gives the girl a sidelong look.
an oscillating fan swivels behind her as other journalists bustle.
someone pulls up in the mercedes.
driving, someone crosses a third wedding off her list.
turning her head, she pushes his face off her shoulder and moves an arm from her torso then quickly retrieves the phone.
an alarmed someone stands upright.
she looks up then eyes him flatly.
as the bus stops in dayton, someone steps forward holding a bouquet.
someone stares, his features awash in a fiery glow.
he minimizes the page as someone enters.
he's hit a wall and they drop it again.
someone lowers himself onto the curved bottom rim of the clock face.
she jogs upstairs.
someone turns his niece away by the shoulder.
she sets the bottle down with a glass already poured, puts down the books, and sits facing a computer.
someone struggles to uncap a spray bottle.
someone squeezes someone's shoulder then leaves his side.
they shine flashlights into the large hidden chamber, revealing dozens of aluminum cases stacked throughout.
someone slices someone's finger off.
someone folds his hands in the waiting room.
they turn to him.
someone's face falls and she looks down.
entering through a different door, he glances around the abandoned cabin lit meagerly by daylight.
someone raises a golf club to let ray pass.
the van drives past.
he pauses, spreading his arms exultantly.
someone watches someone strip out of her cardigan.
he reaches into his pocket.
law enforcers try to fend off blood-spewing zombies with riot shields.
someone turns.
she notices the police station across the street.
a fiery glow illuminating her noble features as she gazes downward.
someone unbuckles her safety belt, then writhes in her seat, working her demure dress off over her head.
lagging behind the others, a lone apparition stumbles and falls.
someone, he shifts his jaw.
smiling, someone pulls someone toward the patio doors and gestures outside.
an aerial view shows plasma flick.
they set their papers in a fire.
in reality, she opens the door, gives him a friendly hug, and ushers him in.
he slaps handcuffs on her wrist.
a different panel spins and someone rotates into the room, then whirls away again.
a huge explosion rocks the gas station.
someone sits on his lap.
he backs her into a wall, breaks the hold, and hurls her aside.
the shopkeeper squeezes his eyes shut.
sees someone stow a bag in a closet.
on the ground, someone peeks around a corner then hustles.
someone lowers his gaze.
in the hollow where the corpses viscera should be is a coiled and glistening rattlesnake.
the brothers embrace.
later, a sign on a shabby seaside building reads, bowens island restaurant.
lead agent doffs his hat and crouches down to his fading colleague.
she covers her mouth.
someone gazes thoughtfully.
now we drift over trees to find an immaculately kept lawn set up for a wedding.
someone reopens the doors.
someone keeps his gaze downward.
tiny triangular wings pop out of the key.
as someone doubles over, the two boys holding him straighten him back up.
a cork strikes a thug in the forehead.
pushing out his jaw, he gives a thoughtful look, then abruptly shifts his gaze to a section of the cave's wall near someone.
he picks it up and opens it.
someone grabs a bottle of pepto.
the tattoo faced monk marches off.
someone waves his fist by his head, and spins in a circle.
someone and someone get to their feet.
he glances up as the creature pulls down a woman wearing hair rollers.
she returns her eyes to angel, who looks away.
stopping, he puts on his glasses and consults the photo.
he arches a brow and points to the door.
then takes a picture of a young african american boy, wedged in a frame.
someone is talking to someone.
he presents a gift card.
now in his home office, someone lays a clear plastic cover over his typewriter.
then pushes against his throat.
blond tries to pull someone off as a police car rounds the corner.
she glances down at the pair of pinwheels spinning on the front of her costume.
sister bends at the knees, sensually rubbing her hands down her thighs.
staring cautiously, someone grabs a gun resting in one of men's hands.
check the backseat.
someone sits wearing oversized sunglasses.
the vehicles park and they step out.
now in someone's bedchamber, someone stands by as someone works on the back of the old man's space suit.
someone blinks at someone then nods.
someone directs a caucasian male model.
leaving the other surfers, she paddles farther out to sea.
she catches a piglet watching her.
the kids file out of the parlor past someone.
in a sunny park, someone pulls someone close and they kiss passionately,
someone and someone leave them.
the baby cries and the woman picks him up and cradles him in her arms.
more performers clap and dance in the hallway.
the manager waves and she drives off.
someone lowers the gun.
loaded with metallic objects
an suv parks in front of her car.
someone and someone watch her down both shots.
grimacing, he takes of his sunglasses.
a taser fires its electrodes.
she glances up at a security camera.
another shoves out an identical looking figure.
they are not responding.
it starts to rain.
getting out of her car, someone faces him with an affectionate smirk.
someone crosses the walkway, sets down her purse,
she drapes the cloth over her chest.
someone lifts her brow and nods proudly.
he finds a photo with the same woman climbing into a car.
someone's lips form a tearful pout.
as someone heads off, someone follows.
snowflakes flutter around them.
someone climbs on the seat and leans back into it.
as they lope off in the direction of the park, other zombies by a broken down semi notice the park too.
the others enter the plaza ruins.
meanwhile, someone steps into the mirrored chamber.
he plucks it from her neck.
sitting up, she scoots to the edge of the bed.
he takes two glasses and a tray of hors d'oeuvres.
film strips melt in a bucket.
they go outside.
someone stares ahead, her jaw hanging open.
she gestures in someone's direction.
listening to someone's audio book, they arrive at the airport car rental and steer into the return lane.
a man hangs his hands into the hall through a slot at the bottom of his door.
someone sneaks past reception.
still holding on to the handlebars, someone zips down the cable over the town.
as the girls approach someone's bed, someone wraps her arm around her sister's shoulders.
someone spots her.
someone glances outside then slowly removes his headphones.
riding shotgun, the gang leader stares wide-eyed at the newly-empowered citizens.
staring off, someone remembers his dying mother writhing as her eyes rolled back in her head.
the undertow churns likes a storm cloud.
reaching a dead end they turn and gazed down the empty tunnel.
he presents her with a tooth box and leaves.
the taxi pulls into the driveway.
it joins others in a bin.
9:00 am.
outside, a male lion walks up to a chain-link fence.
she slumps to the floor.
someone unsteadily pushes himself up on his elbows, then crawls with strained effort over the littered ground.
someone stares at his son as he shoves pills into a banana.
the puck bounces off the net's frame.
he gets a claw stuck in the wood and rips it free then shows his teeth to someone.
later, they all hold the table under the lip and scoot it across the floor.
stepping behind the counter, someone finds syrup dripping from the cabinet drawers, pooling on the floor.
she bounces it harder.
someone crosses to a counter and peeks inside a green bag.
someone links her arm through his.
she saddles up and rides off on little blackie.
two officers cautiously remove the drawer.
someone turns the music up as someone walks across the office to leave work, her handbag over her shoulder.
she glances disapprovingly at someone, then reads the note, raises her hand, and points upwards.
someone hugs his grandson and shields him with his body.
he tries to pin her arms behind her.
pushing the ferrari's passenger seat forward, he indicates the trunk.
a single lamp shines on sketches taped all over the walls
someone approaches, finishing off his own drink.
someone gazes off pensively and someone looks away.
posted nearby, a thug in a fedora follows him.
recovering, he finds a trail of fire stretching along the ground to a point of light speeding up the road.
his father overturns a table between them and slaps someone down.
she blows a box to pieces.
the flash mob performs a choreographed routine.
the next morning at a kitchen table, someone feeds the injured bird with liquid from a narrow tube.
eyes glistening, someone faces her laotong imploringly.
reaching the basement doorway, she eyes her huddled children, then someone.
she unzips a pet carrier and releases her small white dog,
someone lands, skidding along grass.
back in her hotel, someone opens her bathroom door and turns on the light.
someone heaves a sigh.
now in a bedroom, someone sits studying in a
someone's mother gives a gentle nod.
someone comes out.
someone staples it in place with clownish aggression.
the hookers help the nerds conduct surveillance.
someone follows her to the door.
appear.
someone sits across from someone and folds his arms on the table, then eyes the beefy gunman.
sergeant jeffreys leads someone and someone down a corridor to an elevator where they ride to the 100th floor.
in another enclosure, monkeys gather on a branch.
with their fingers in the orb, a brilliant beam of light hits the store and a wave of energy encases the entire building.
as someone and someone go into to the restaurant someone wearily shakes his head.
someone slaps herself in the face again.
as they resume kissing, someone approaches the bar.
as the soldiers escort the prisoners along the barricaded path, someone spots his son.
the fallen fighter's gaze drains of life.
someone lifts her brow.
now, a beam of light shines toward the rippling surface of the air bell above.
someone smashes it over someone's head.
now someone sits in his enclosure with his back to the door.
someone remembers being gun-shy in the park.
now, a view through a barred upper floor window shows a man lying dead in the street below.
donna skips the stone across the water.
two more figures leave a cave, high behind him, as he waves his arms.
her gaze lingers on him as she steps away.
he empties the bottles in the sink, then dumps the empties in the garbage.
give her a warm embrace.
looking pass the woman, he notices someone drinking on her own.
someone hurry around to open her door.
on another night, someone and someone lie head to toe on someone's bed.
he rips open someone's button over shirt
someone drops some coins on the form and slides it all to the clerk.
as he heads toward someone, his flames briefly fade.
the locket necklace rises from his pocket.
someone turns away with a calculating gaze.
through a window she observes the two men conversing animatedly in the hall.
inside the house, someone sets down her keys and takes off her shoes.
someone gets in his car.
tumbling into the shallow water, she grins.
someone smiles and shakes his hand.
her sisters watch her amble up a few stairs in her black mini-dress.
someone moves his shoulders to the beat.
someone sidles around the exterior of the building, his silver tipped ax in hand.
he hops out and watches as a convoy of military vehicles drives on another road beyond the pasture.
he kisses her hungrily.
a sadistic grin spreads on someone's face as he listens to someone gurgle his final breath.
exiting through a gate, he finds someone the lion waiting for him.
so does the goat.
they cross their wrists over their chest, then freeze with them crossed at an angle overhead.
he gazes back at the brilliant sun setting beyond his homeland on the horizon.
someone drops her bag back on the floor and plops into her chair at the dressing table.
someone drops his backpack.
the woman opens the doors of a well-stocked surf shed and walks to the back.
she stirs, wakes, and picks up the cellphone.
he lights a pipe and the flame illuminates his beady eyes which are fixed on someone.
now well dressed and clean, someone stands with a blonde man with glasses.
a distant doorway shows a nurse making a bed.
the ball slows down as it approaches someone.
his daughters gaze after him as he enters someone's room alone.
he doles out even more.
he pulls a small cigar-shaped missile from the box.
she pulls up her long glove.
now the heavily reinforced bunker door swings open.
someone corners her against a wall as he listens.
as the aliens advance on someone, someone stares wide-eyed.
someone opens a round canister's lid and takes out a reel of film.
someone lowers the cellphone from his ear and looks at it.
inside, as someone tries to make a call on his cell phone,
someone, who's striding toward the colonial-style clapboard country mansion, stops in his tracks.
he holds the envelope out to his sister-in-law.
someone shoots his father a wry look and someone sighs patiently.
the tall grass behind him, a german shepherd leads a group of soldiers.
gazing out, someone notices a military grade helicopter parked below.
406 lunges and he flees.
and he cradles her head in his hand.
someone slowly turns a dial.
he faces the camera.
someone's arms appear to split at the elbow, replicate into three forearms, then rejoin.
someone smoothes his new do, rubbing the sides forward and padding down the back.
in black ink, he sketches a shriveled ghoulish face with stringy hair and black eye sockets.
he grabs the phone.
someone grabs a cordless and listens in.
he pulls out a bottle of liquor from a bowling bag, and tosses it aside.
someone faces someone and stalks toward him.
someone slides an oval ring from his finger and sets it in the chancellor's palm.
someone rubs his chest then sits him down.
the demon rolls over on top of him but the angel throws him into the air.
in the living room, someone rubs a sander over the side of his car.
the copter pulls left to follow the fleeing men.
someone readies her space suit.
a photographer snaps photos as someone puts his arm around someone, who squirms.
someone steps out of the driver's seat and views the residence.
someone meets his stare then walks away.
then backs away a few steps.
his eyes wide, someone turns his head to face his father.
someone grabs the steering wheel with one hand, lightning arcs from the spinning column of dark vapor and strikes the ground around the truck.
someone smiles and walks away.
exiting an apartment, he appears at her side.
someone approaches it, raising a hand over her nose and mouth as she peers out.
someone gives a delighted grin.
he turns around.
she averts her eyes.
lifting the edge of the canvas, he peers inside.
someone glances over her shoulder as headlights appear behind her, she pedals faster.
someone and someone step onboard and the elevator doors shut the penguins out.
someone answers a bedside phone.
moving his head lower, someone simulates fondling someone's testicles.
someone glances at his hostage, looks over his shoulder, and smirks.
between the two front seats, someone gets up.
our view sweeps over the verdant estate to an upper window in someone's mother's house.
as the plane dives through a layer of clouds, someone pulls himself to the controls and re-engages the autopilot.
someone's sister wears a midriff top and skimpy shorts.
he sets down the pot and sits by someone.
they walk along the harbor.
they share a grin, and he heads out.
he smiles and turns back around.
then struggles to rip it open.
ferris' truck pulls up nearby.
someone lights a cigarette and pensively looks away.
waking up, someone finds himself staring straight into the birds open beak.
someone joins him, slipping off her coat.
she walks away from an apothecary cabinet.
his colleague steps close and intimately nuzzles her forehead against his.
she covers her eyes, but peeks.
she smacks him.
sitting up, someone grins.
he knocks down the other agent as well.
someone's expression grows serious and earnest.
the bottom hem of her slip dangles around her neck, revealing her panties.
his eyes fix on the weathered tooth.
about 50 yards away someone glances back.
someone peeks in through a window then makes a run for it.
he spots her, and they share a warm smile.
the drone changes course.
someone tries to cut the tomato.
he presses his lips together thoughtfully,
staying under, someone swims past a shark as he makes his way beyond the lifeboat.
little blackie sinks to his knees and topples over, spilling someone and someone from the saddle.
he rubs his hand up her body.
sidling along the engine's outer railing.
the cagey fairy waves him over.
someone stares wide-eyed at the camera.
he resumes climbing while a mass of guards unleashes a barrage of bullets.
they face the parent cutouts.
he sits on a ledge below josh's, resting his hands on his knee.
for the car shells fires from the lawn.
someone observes someone's attention to her sons and rubs her shoulder appreciatively.
she puffs out a cloud of smoke.
someone readies his gun.
the kidnapper stretches his neck.
he turns around and looks up at the surface.
in the loft, the overhead fires sprinklers go off, extinguishing the candles and drenching someone and someone.
someone aims at the police over the president's shoulder.
in the dusty air, he spies a shape approaching and throws his ax.
in it, someone and someone pose with two teammates.
someone watches her gravely.
someone emerges from behind a hay bale.
someone enters the cerulean-tiled bathroom.
someone stands over it.
driver side door opens someone places her heels on the ground
someone crouches, tugging it off over his head, then falls on her rear when it finally drops to the floor.
her guardian holds out his hand.
someone sits first and faces forward.
now, the kid skates out of the station and rolls down an empty street passed closed storefronts.
with his eyes no longer glowing, someone lies near a wall with his back against charred furniture.
kissing her, he backs her up against a dresser and knocks over a lamp.
someone scowls and closes his eyes.
in the shower, water pours down an exquisite tattoo of a winged dragon that forms a reverse s curve from her left shoulder down along the side of her ribcage.
they all raise shots.
the doctor puts the coin in someone's hand, pats his shoulder, and leaves him alone.
with his brow creased worriedly, he tries to rub it off
as he flexes his arms, his wand shoots fairy dust in his eyes.
she offers a smile.
someone joins the cops and walks toward the bank
someone fires at someone, who ducks behind a domed bench.
meeting someone's sincere gaze, someone takes a shaky breath.
as he reads a book in a burgundy robe, she serves him coffee and caresses his shoulders.
later, someone enters the surveillance area with the box under his arm.
it bears a drawing of zena on the back.
someone cradles her head.
she picks up a shiny revolver and cradles it in both hands.
he emerges, the stands and peers over the side of the boat.
a young girl calls to an orange cat sitting in a tree.
the ragged man searches through someone's belongings.
as he settles back into his seat, his student gazes solemnly at the character for chi.
a man points.
someone smiles bashfully.
as she lowers the gun, he and someone climb out.
he nervously peers through a window as he passes the rowdy group undetected.
someone stands and runs after the cab.
she lays the ends of the chain mail hood on his shoulders.
he hits someone over the head with candlestick then takes the ship.
as his cohorts gather, someone pulls up his mask.
later, in a bedroom, someone stands at a dresser.
in a gathering room, several women sit around a table with a bright red table cloth.
as he pockets.
someone parks her car in from of woody's village saloon and walks toward the entrance.
at another point he wears his socks in the shower with her.
he shows a silver cube.
someone sits up following her gaze past a railing to a cluster of industrial brick buildings.
a return shot from someone tags heinrich's shoulder.
someone gives it a try, but misses.
someone exits the truck.
looking away impatiently, someone sets his hands on his hips.
wearing a vest, searches through a trash pile, tossing aside unwanted items.
he spits something into his hand, then stares at it.
the chamber door slides shut and another shot of white mist blast it.
someone lowers his demoralized gaze.
peers at his mother and scoffs as he shakes his head.
the two friends sit at a table working with vegetables.
the boy glances over his shoulder then reaches into his other pocket.
he playfully keeps the ball away, then faces her, holding the ball behind her head.
as our view lingers on the brothers, the image gradually fades to black.
following them into an alley, the white limo stops.
someone backs his crane into a police car, then swings the arm straight through someone's cab.
a fish suddenly whacks someone in the face.
more flashes reveal dr.
the robotic arms descend into the floor which closes up.
he stares off with glistening eyes.
she pops a pill in her mouth, then drinks from a glass of water.
at night, someone sits against his mother's headstone.
they notice each other,
at her house, someone steps out on her screened-in porch, and gazes toward the beach.
as the light from his flame disappears, our view glides to writing etched in the side of the tank, "frank and someone were here.
dawning glasses he peruses a file as the news broadcasts behind him.
entering the room, someone gently lifts his son's hand and takes the book.
he snaps his fingers, then spins the holograph and sits.
someone follows someone and veronica as they stroll away, leaving someone alone.
he glances at someone, then drops his head.
back the present, someone faces someone.
grabbing someone by the collar
he looks past his wife to someone,
someone lifts her head off the pillow as dr.
he stares at her radiant smile.
shifting the levers, he raises the wheel high into the air, then smashes it onto a watchtower.
someone appears just inside it.
squad cars pull up outside the mansion.
he pauses thoughtfully then continues.
someone sways capriciously and tickles the men's necks.
someone and someone grab his arms and urge him to his feet.
the shoebox and blows dust of the lid
someone narrows his eyes incredulously.
lowering the flowers, someone speer glances between him and someone.
he stares and cries as they carry him away.
someone stomps the accelerator, then hammer fists his groin.
the large crowd of dancers is joined by a marching band in full colorful military style uniform.
someone guides her raised knees down and covers her with a quilt.
the commander-in-chief moves aside, matveyev sidles into his row and nods at the first lady.
a porter tilts it forward,
holding a baby, dark-haired someone steps outside.
it bears a single serving cake with white frosting, lit with one candle.
he throws his hands up.
later, she strides into a buy buy baby store where she walks through the clothing department.
someone bats at someone who tries to unzip his fly.
someone spots a pair of evidence boxes.
now sunlight shines on someone's hair as she sleeps, spooning with someone on her sofa.
guns raised, someone and someone patrol another area.
the roadster passes several timekeeper cars as the authorities rush out through the front door.
he shields his face from the smoke.
outside, the vehicle parks the tank and someone's men rush towards it.
she waves from across the store.
she morphs into the shaggy-haired boy.
someone ice skates from room to room, and someone chases him with a hockey stick.
the truck strikes a man who appears out of the fog.
resting his hand on his daughter's head, someone bends down and gives her a light kiss on the cheek.
closing his eyes, he puckers his lips and leans toward her.
he rubs a wet condom, then licks his finger.
as the group races to the limo, someone wrestles the big guard to the ground.
someone marches on, saddled with gear.
she notes an empty seat beside someone.
then lifts his mattress, dumping him off.
someone's being fitted for a wedding dress.
someone plops a package down on the table and takes a seat.
he has hands on his hips.
now, inside someone pats her down, as she lies prone on the marble floor.
staring ahead, someones features twist in a remorseful someone.
she leaves without someone.
someone turns the key back, and tries closing the gate, but the extended deadbolt prevents it from latching shut.
someone watches with a smirk.
he blinks against the falling water, his chest heaving.
he puts gunpowder from the shells and two lithium batteries from someone's digital camera in a liquor bottle.
winged demon emerges from the burst of fire.
he pulls the door open and passes through with a thunderstruck expression on his face.
all three of them lift their eyes skyward.
he eyes a bug flying near his face.
as he massages her scalp with shampoo, he keeps his face close to hers.
a peahen turns her head.
she woefully meets his gaze.
holding one hand over his heart preston turns.
his hand trembles as he grits his teeth and licks his lips.
bianca extends her hand and walks toward them.
the clear plastic sticks to someone's face as he inhales, and puffs out as he exhales.
he hits two in their helmets.
a man's fingers reach for a folded straight razor near the braddock's unframed wedding photo.
someone spins and delivers a roundhouse kick, flipping his opponent onto the ground.
craig takes his recorder, and leaves with the others,
showing a police officer.
the owner crosses to a desk.
both men walk with their hands in their pockets.
a few yards ahead a wave appears and quickly swells.
now, a kind-faced woman addresses someone.
her fingertips drop from his shoulder and her arm rests on the back of the bench.
staying someone with a hand, holloway ventures forward.
someone brings a mortar and pestle.
other agents enter.
he then stands and races outside.
with a dejected look, she opens it and reads, someone, ran out for breakfast.
the nighttime dance floor is festooned with bright lights.
the teen sweeps a hand sideways.
someone raises his hand.
someone comes down the steps.
someone gives him a playful grin and someone stares at her with concerned eyes.
the tech scrolls through customer profiles.
our view drifts past the two paddleboards to find someone and someone sitting side by side, enjoying their accomplishment.
skirting the white water, someone executes a 360.
someone backs away from him and picks up the notebook.
she sticks her tongue out and waggles it around.
douglas scrutinizes the younger man.
he kisses her lips and dips her.
a white band of sheer fabric down her sides, accentuates her curves.
someone stands behind someone as he faces the family tree.
villagers hold off the predominately male army.
he gives a bashful smile, then lifts his heavy-lidded eyes and stares directly at us.
then taps her nose with it.
she takes part of it from its plastic encasement.
he grabs it from a nearby table and reads a text message.
later that night someone carries a flashlight, as he walks outside the front gate
she opens another labeled 1957.
as anti-aircraft shells burst in the sky, someone grabs his shield and moves toward the plane door.
someone presses the plungers, squirting red water.
someone jingles the handcuff keys.
glancing away, someone bites her lip.
she juggles pretend balls behind her back, catches them in her bosom and throws one to someone.
he signals to the keyboardist then struts and twirls proudly across the small stage.
in the street, someone turns.
now, someone drives the dusty rolls.
as someone stares with crestfallen eyes, someone leans.
someone glares at the tree, then writes, "die tree".
someone gets to her feet.
someone holds out a form.
he takes her into a kitchen staffed with caterers and grabs one of the many bottles of wine.
the ship erupts in a fiery blaze.
she stares into his eye
they walk through the woods.
they don't acknowledge one another.
at someone's house, the young writer stares off with parted lips and a furrowed brow.
gazing at his dad, someone laughs too.
someone spreads rose petals, lights a candle, dips strawberries in chocolate and waits.
she flops down on a bed.
moving its hand, it begins connecting the various shapes and scribbles together with lines.
someone stands on a ladder over its steaming tail vent.
now in the terrace courtyard, they sit on a bench.
the wolf lifts his paw.
he rolls his eyes.
he pauses behind a pair of pay phones then takes a few steps and sees
someone backs off.
reading from the guidebook, he addresses the driver.
he sits up and snorts a line of cocaine.
someone takes one.
now, someone arrives at someone's enclosure and opens the gate.
holding someone close, someone takes to the air.
someone drily lowers his
she closes the door.
in a stairwell, someone dashes up several flights.
his smile fades as he meets her gaze.
now at a fancy dinner club, someone stands in the spotlight before a band.
now at a private school, someone leads a student through a crowded hallway.
his friend's eyes light up.
someone floors him with a right hook.
a holographic sphere emerges around him, and widening outer rings flip into place.
someone nervously approaches the white sheep, which lies on its side.
he straightens and she yanks it off impatiently.
someone walks over, someone's nearby watching.
someone cooks meat on a grill.
while someone watches from a throne.
he lifts his hands from the egg and stares with devastated eyes.
a referee stands at the mat's edge, pointing with a flag.
now, someone's ragtop follows a winding road toward a mansion perched atop an immaculately landscaped hill.
now, captain someone meets with someone and someone.
you ruined everything.
it hits someone's grandma, knocking her out.
left alone with someone, someone soberly steps closer to him.
as he works them down the rest of the way she lowers herself back on top of him.
notices someone looking on.
captain addresses the others.
he lifts her brow.
noticing someone's rising panic, someone turns the boy to face him and gives calming gestures.
the vampire rises to his feet.
the assassin loads a clip into an assault rifle
he sweeps her hair up.
someone wiggles his shoulder.
in slow motion, the monster flies past him spraying blood.
someone sets it over his head.
in an arena, stagehands move and work on stage equipment.
someone enters the club and observes the girls onstage.
later, someone carries a few shopping bags in each hand, as he follows her.
thugs rush the open hold.
she nods then lifts her eyes to the falling snow.
someone gives a stunned blink.
later, someone dials a telephone.
he hurries into a castle tower lit by torches, then bars the door.
a title appears with a dragon forming an s. the sorcerer's apprentice.
someone seizes the stunned boy by the shoulders.
now someone dons his sunglasses as he leads his men onto a patio surrounds a luxurious pool.
the sun sets behind the eiffel tower in the distance.
outside, a buxom woman in a tight gold mini-dress gets out of the limo with her client.
heading into the next room.
someone wraps his arms around her and they share a warm heartfelt embrace.
someone, welcome to nyc.
someone sits stiffly facing him.
he peeks up over the top and finds someone climbing steps
he turns his back to her, closes his eyes for a moment, then faces her again.
the final mouse holds a sheet of paper.
they're in a van followed by a police car.
someone bites his lip and shifts his thoughtful gaze.
someone offers a someone.
he takes out one of the photos of the nude teenage girl.
several fans hold up a sign, someone our teenage dream is to meet you.
someone freezes with a bottle in his hand.
a few rows ahead, homer puts on his hat and steps into the aisle behind them.
someone struggles to keep his grip while holding on to the moving car himself.
moves along the looting men.
someone glances at his friends then slumps in his seat, as someone distributes a handout.
blinking confusedly, he gives it a shake.
dust falls on a dog, whose eyes go goofy.
his father looks on as he starts to put the silverware away.
as his research assistant parks, he takes a couple of steps forward.
at a beauty salon, a manicurist scrubs black polish from someone' fingernails then applies clear polish.
someone and someone read the card.
he lightly raps on it then turns to his kidnappers.
he peers out at two soldiers filling a tanker with fuel.
she slowly opens a door, slips out and shuts it behind her.
he closes his mouth and stuffs his hands in his pockets.
electronic doors open, and the focused soldiers pass through the chamber.
he runs out of ammo and ditches his gun, then knocks over a display of plastic bottles.
he tosses him in the air.
grinning, someone leaves with the drinks.
squatting, someone fills a container with oil from the tank, then looks over at someone who strikes a flint under the shelter of a wheel well.
she smiles through half closed eyes.
two aliens, one armed, stand in front of them.
eyeing someone, he yanks up another cup.
a group of about 40 suddenly fades into view -
setting his gun on a table, he heads away past a poster kiosk which displays photos of someone and someone.
the other eye is covered by a bandage.
sitting in another parked car, someone chews gum.
he reaches in his pocket and switches off music playing in his earbuds.
as he starts a timer on the vest the image briefly freezes.
she shudders.
someone leaves him alone.
he grabs his bags.
on tv, cell phone footage shows the descent of the plane, as it swerves and slices off the church steeple.
someone slams the remaining guard onto the floor.
the inspector walks off.
someone waves his hand in front of someone's face.
someone shakes someone's hand.
someone bashfully hides her face with her hand then grows serious.
as the groom sits beside his new bride, she scoots a few inches away from him.
someone sits atop a dancer's shoulders.
he tucks in his shirt.
someone kneels over someone and rolls him face up.
he hesitates then wraps his arms around her and wraps his arms around her and rests this chin on her shoulder.
the guys stare blankly.
someone leads his boss away.
the dog bounds up the stairs after someone.
someone stands over her with a rain stick which makes the sound reminiscent of rain.
someone eyes his rear view mirror, then glances back at someone, who wears earbuds.
someone regards him uneasily.
someone and his mother face him.
someone chucks someone into a mud puddle.
she slowly lowers the phone as a man with brown, wavy hair and a sparse beard walks into the bar.
someone reads dictation to a typist.
someone jumps down and kicks the last trooper over the railing as he passes.
tossing the documents aside, he gives his cousins a resolute look.
and puts it on someone mouse's head.
her resistance subsides.
as she leaves the room, someone faces the group.
someone glares at someone, who glances around the diner and twists his huge ring.
later, the plane takes off.
lying a mid-broken glass someone gazes at the dead soldier beside him and stands.
someone speeds off between the lanes of traffic.
now someone wears a wedding veil.
someone slips into a seat behind the instructor's shoulder.
her lips crease into a deep frown.
facing him, someone sleeps in the armchair.
he slips out of bed without waking her and pulls his hand.
the tiger awkwardly ambles across the sand.
someone cannonballs off the roof, making a huge splash.
someone's expression grows woeful as he nears the far end of the ward.
in the hidden compartment, someone presses his ear to the panel
she flings her bag on a table and it hits a box, which falls and scatters its contents.
he stops them, then advances on mr.
a man in evening dress stares at her.
the boy falls flat and someone sneers.
as someone takes the plate from the table, someone shuffles in.
the street lamp falls.
someone stands in front of it, facing his parents.
gives a crooked smile, and offers it to him.
from behind, someone's love attacks someone, but two minions seize her.
later, the van pulls up in front of someone's house.
someone bites her lower lip as she stares after him.
he guides ron someone into the bedroom, and shuts the door.
someone lowers someone's head and his awestruck friends step up behind him.
a window seal displays bowling trophies and framed images of jesus hang on a wall.
as they clink their shots, someone stares off with wistful eyes.
someone glances at the executive, then presses a button.
now a heavyset female guard brings a mug with a spoon in it to a cell where someone snores on a cot.
who kneels on the floor to hug him.
crouching at the wall beneath the stairs, he moves a poster board aside.
someone furrows his brow.
he stands up and holds a branch for support.
someone swings someone, but someone blocks it with the shaft of his spear.
the younger, moon, has lank straggly hair and his face is covered in sweat.
in a rich man's closet, a hand pulls out a small drawer displaying a selection of expensive watches.
someone's silhouette pulls another layer off over her head, leaving her clad only in her chamois.
meanwhile avoiding the gunfire someone drops to a lower level, then kicks a thug down a staircase.
sucking in ragged breaths, he controls the bar around someone's neck,
someone soberly meets her gaze.
then cuddles up with a larger one.
someone springer ends the series.
he and his men hurry inside.
smiling politely, he sidles past and goes to a table where men play cards.
grinning, someone glances down at their linked hands and bashfully tugs her pinky away.
a plump woman dressed in a colorful someone robe pushes aside the curtain on the enclosed litter and steps out.
he sends two more off the other way.
the tube glows.
he crosses the room.
he bounces lightly, then tries another spot.
someone beams and shakes her head.
unsettled, everyone pushes their plates away except someone, who tucks in.
the sheriff turns toward a dumpster standing beside the gas station.
someone turns and runs but someone remains still.
his feet splashing in muddy water.
out of his car, he creeps up alongside someone's delta '88.
now, a window edged with frost frames someone as she stands at a table inside, unpacking her groceries.
he turns into the school gates and dashes through the entrance.
onto five telegraph wires running overhead.
someone takes off his jacket and points.
someone comes and lies beside her sister, looking into her face.
someone returns his gaze glumly.
and fix it.
in a diner, they both suck through straws.
now at a courthouse, a man uses his phone.
he knocks someone down causing the bald thug from behind.
the android lifts a glass off a shelf with his thumb and middle finger, leaving his index finger extended.
someone carries a machine gun as she runs alongside the advancing soldiers.
the driver puts his own on top of it, watches his body clock tally the transfer of time, and welcomes them with a terse nod.
as it swiftly approaches them, someone signals to his pacing son.
the captain looks up, as someone walks in.
he shoots into the darkness.
later in the sitting room.
someone's hand slides down the shaft of his spear.
he's gone.
they proceed down a hallway with chipping paint.
standing there, madame someone gives someone an expectant look.
they don't budge.
someone pushes him out of the way and sweeps out a warrior's leg.
as someone joins her, a servant pours water from a kettle.
in asgard, someone stands in front of his throne,
on the couch, someone stares off with a melancholy gaze.
finding another note, she reads.
someone shuts the door then follows her into his bedroom.
her teacher emerges.
and the man closes his bony fingers around them.
as he turns back to someone, a small boy steps toward him.
clenching his teeth, the kidnapper slams the trunk.
someone looks through a file.
someone jumps out, his shotgun in hand, and jogs to a railing bordering the water.
a bus hits someone head on.
wearing a helmet with the letter a on it, someone sits with someone in a plane.
drawing a handgun, she proceeds through the foyer.
it spreads to the wall, then surges around the room
as we make a second orbit and halt at his face, he tugs the white mask down off his nose and mouth.
someone looks up as a train car lying on its side a few yards away shudders and rocks.
with a friendly pat, someone dismisses someone.
the stadium resembles a sleek-steel bird's nest.
he faces a secretary.
the inspector shoves past the man, then pushes his way into a throng of travelers standing on a train platform.
someone coolly glances over his shoulder.
as he walks away from the door, our view shifts to reveal a pink twin bed covered in blood.
clutching the strap of her shoulder bag in her fists
at le cordon bleu in paris, someone and two other women face a teacher.
someone reads to someone.
someone watches her go, then lowers his gaze.
his blood-stained hand lets go of someone's shoulder.
the rockets rotate to face their points of origin.
someone lounges underneath in a makeshift net hammock.
someone grins broadly.
the people waiting around him stir as a bus pulls up.
someone's gaze softens.
glancing over his shoulder, he slows, then quickens his pace to a reckless scramble.
later, two soldiers approach the fallen crate.
someone notices a teen with dark hair watching him.
someone looks past her and stares.
they drive along the san francisco oakland bay bridge.
someone sits back down beside someone.
someone and someone plummet through the shoot.
someone waves him away.
he gestures for her to wipe the sugar frosting from beside her mouth and she does that.
he drives with groggy eyed.
maintains her dispassionate gaze.
his buddy runs over, and someone punches him.
the list of addresses goes on and on.
someone sits with someone.
someone struts away.
she sets the now clean teapot on the table, then turns her back to the door again and smooths a clock at a sideboard.
someone picks up a pack of cigarettes and an ashtray then inserts a small radio receiver into her ear.
takes off his shades and glares at someone.
he follows it at a sprint, his brow furrowed and his arms pumping furiously.
someone strips down to her bra.
crossing the store, he slides to a stop.
now, someone stands at a check-in window.
someone cradles holloway as he arrives.
someone throws someone a beer.
stepping outside, he covers his eyes.
someone brings a duffel to the front of a transport vehicle with twin rows of seats.
sitting beside him on the floor, he glances at his father's grief-stricken expression, then looks to the cage.
turning, someone stares with an enamored look.
she forces a smile and gives a high shrug.
on a sidewalk, someone hobbles along and holds onto someone as they gaze up at the ship.
someone leaps and pins someone to the ceiling.
she downs the cocktail sauce in one swig.
he shifts an anxious gaze between his trunk and the body.
someone runs across the street to someone's house.
he nods vigorously.
someone sees the couple off then heads inside.
his hand trails toward the front where the yellow hue blends into a deep red, resembling a sunset.
his face obscured by a ball cap, the menacing man turns.
later someone sits with his boss.
the boy passes someone on his way out and she covers her nose.
through someone's camera, we follow someone's gaze up the hospital building and find the smoking blast site.
he shows drugs.
as she smiles and nods, he leans his forehead against hers.
now outside on a moonlit shoreline, someone sits by a sleeping someone.
someone eyes her boss lingering in a doorway.
in an office, a balding man switches off the feed.
the bathrobe drops around her ankles.
the young woman glances at her sleeping partner as she answers.
as they glide through calmer water, someone looks around with an ecstatic, open-mouthed grin.
his back to us, the man stops at a newsstand.
someone receives the call.
someone sits on the sofa in front of her laptop.
someone continues his call in the kitchen.
from overhead, the maroon sedan speeds along the freeway.
now they pose in a tub.
he escorts them outside.
he pulls his wetsuit hood over his blonde curls.
someone follows someone in.
followed by a tall young man who shuts the railing gate.
someone tackles the delivery guy.
a monitor shows his brain activity.
he turns away from his visitor.
someone shows a wolf calendar.
she kicks him in the groin.
the instructor faces someone, who returns his attention to his teacher.
he pulls the boy to his feet, but someone forces him up against the wall.
he offers a bong.
someone grabs him, slams him into a shelving unit, then clutches the collar of his leather jackets and peers into his eyes.
now she lies sideways with her back.
someones three guy friends join them.
someone talks to snowy as they walk.
its trunk resembles a womans torso.
that night, they drive through a blizzard, the windshield wipers working through a layer of snow.
the 911 operator locks her hands behind her head and leans back in her chair.
standing on his hand-crafted flotation vessel,
someone's face lights up.
their instructor sits on a bench and watches.
one stumbles over sideways, soon both are lost in a white thundering plume of water.
picking up a key, he eyes a handwritten tag tied to it with string, then throws it in the file.
in the kitchen she sets down a coffee mug then produces two photos of a nude teenage girl.
as someone stares at it a waitress swoops in behind him.
the bus halts a short distance from the aid tent and the youth group climbs off.
she turns over, taking the covers with her.
now at home, someone makes a poster charting his training goals.
someone drops the rock back on the ground.
someone squints in the sunlight as he watches.
he dumps the cans in a bin.
in another, two penguins look down at their egg.
someone speaks chinese.
someone turns, strides across the room, picks up his briefcase, then turns back to face the tree.
now the engineer crouches over the holographic orb.
as he searches for more the server approaches.
someone awakes and sits up in bed.
a falcon lands on someone's gloved fist.
as someone returns fire, a bullet strikes his vest, knocking him down.
a comment window appears.
in the film, someone's mother tips him upside down as they play outdoors.
he gives someone his cell phone and pats him on the cheek, then returns to the office and shuts the door.
the timekeepers finish and head out of the study.
someone leads someone by the hand across a roof.
someone spins with his hands in the air.
the island, someone carries a bucket of kfc and someone totes a boom box.
studying a map, someone holds a compass with a picture of her inside the lid.
someone clips himself to a cable attached to someone.
his chest heaves as he envisions shooting into the air past hundreds of humans.
someone takes a picture of himself in the bath, holding up the ipod, with a goofy grin, and sends it to someone.
the big guard helps free someone who races to a worker passing in a golf cart.
the inspector smiles weakly.
someone watches excitedly.
through the window into the rec room, they see someone dancing on a couch.
someone returns a winsome shrug.
standing, someone exhales heavily and faces his opponent.
an asian male model spreads his arms as the other man holds him horizontally.
she eyes her body clock which ticks down under 32 minutes.
he throws his head back.
someone takes someone's side.
as the bikers reload, someone opens fire.
someone looks sadly at her.
he faces his underlings defensively.
someone examines the shower, while the american boy practices elbow jabs.
now, in a study, the blond timekeeper plants someone's arm on a desk and exposes his body clock.
someone smiles sadly.
the posed dancers frame the smiling diva.
an older gentleman adds a few coins.
where a man cranks a movie projector.
someone gives a skeptical nod.
in the back of one truck, soldiers wearing berets use electronic instruments.
he meets her gaze and she gives a coy warm smile.
smiling warmly, someone steps in close to someone.
someone carries a skateboard under one arm, and races down the stairs in his apartment building.
now someone draws the curtains in someone's bedroom.
someone shifts his gaze uneasily.
we tour a collection.
sand covers someone's face as he peers at the beast.
it's still night time and raining outside.
the uniformed staffers listen with fond respectful gazes.
a burst of bullets hits the gunmen in the crawl space.
someone looks back at the fedora-wearing thug, who lowers his gun.
he raises a finger, gesturing for her to pause.
spotlights shine over a sea of cheering fans.
as the beast rears up onto its hind legs, someone flies like a missile into the creatures open mouth and out through the back of its head.
the two women stare at one another then scramble out of the truck with someone.
later as the blonde packs a suitcase, the sexy dancers pump their hips.
sharing her mother's round face and sullen pout, she faces her visitors.
noticing what's in his hands, he puts it down.
someone creeps downstairs and ducks around a corner, leaving someone undisturbed on the sofa, sound asleep.
someone as he passes.
he removes his glasses and pulls the laptop shut.
someone carefully sidesteps past the head of the sleeping tabby.
the next morning, someone wakes up and stretches his arms.
the boy fades from view and the sparkling ocean becomes the mexican jungle.
now, a bird's-eye view shows someone's car exiting a tunnel and approaching a toll plaza.
someone pursues him to the couch.
someone gazes listlessly around the busy room and makes her way to her workstation.
he joins someone in the hall.
their faces draw close together.
someone gives a solemn, understanding nod,
and squeezes him close in his arms.
crouching, the boy leaves the clock and scuttles along a crawlspace beneath the walkway.
as he leaves, she opens the paper and sees it's an old photo of herself with her parents.
an athletic team steps into view, followed by a smaller guy holding a rag to his bloody nose.
the nazi officer touches the side of his own face.
liquor bottles float up and someone amongst the someone.
as she gently sways back and forth in her seat, someone turns away.
someone storms away.
an alien marked with a red x to the wall.
someone sets drinks on marcus' table and sits across from him.
lord someone allows his smile through.
the teen slowly lets out the tether connecting him to the boat.
someone helps him drag the unconscious man onto the muddy riverbank.
his shadow shows him raise one knee and balance on one leg.
they stop and face each other.
pausing by a cake,
someone watches someone concerned.
someone stares at the illegible characters then pushes himself away from the table.
he tilts his ear toward the chairman.
she indicates her nose.
she turns in a circle becoming entwined.
someone reaches down a hand, but someone vanishes and reappears behind him.
outside, an athletic young man bounces a basketball.
as he gets to his feet someone smiles proudly.
now a hybrid car pulls up to a dilapidated outdoor barbecue restaurant.
she tosses it upward and it magnetically adheres to a chandelier's base on the ceiling.
dreamy expression.
the sun casts a thin crest of illumination across the pale blue and gray surface.
the rolling ocean settles from the storm.
in one, a young someone poses with his sister in front of a truck outside a house.
someone leaps into someone's arms and the athletic cop swings his partner around.
sitting in the control seat between two levers, he pulls one back and pushes the other forward.
he dives beneath the surface.
who uses a blowtorch on the reinforced door.
someone's right hand winds up.
black matter collected at the bottom drips downward.
cringing someone snatches the pamphlet.
someone lowers his hand.
someone covers his mouth.
he faces someone, whose eyes widen.
someone rolls her eyes resentfully and pulls the doors shut.
the devices spark as the car crashes to the stage.
glancing warily ahead, he crouches.
he touches the wedding band around his finger, then wrings his hands.
someone runs into the hangar and glances around at the battling hydra troopers and allied soldiers.
she slaps a newspaper down before him and sits.
someone gazes at two paddle boards stored overhead then over to a red long board.
someone steps through the doorway into the apartment and pauses to take in her surroundings with a grave expression.
as someone dashes to the car, he gets behind the wheel.
someone gestures to his chubby friend.
she pinches her nipples.
he faces her and they share a smile.
sitting yards away, someone stands eagerly.
with a perplexed look, she hurries off.
now, someone extends his electric measuring tape along a railing.
they have before, not like this.
he glances haughtily at the heavily pierced woman as he reviews her file.
he moves on to someone.
the butcher steps close.
someone arrives.
someone takes a seat at his desk and focuses on his work.
she looks across the aisle.
donning a mask, gaudencio sprays the tree.
someone grabs someone's pistol and pulls the trigger himself.
she puts on her high heeled pumps.
he points to someone.
someone turns back to the others.
someone leaps on to the roulette table, fights off two casino workers and grabs the pearl.
a single shaft of sunlight shines down from the pit's high opening into the otherwise stark enclosure where a gorilla sits with its back to the door.
grabbing his guns, someone fires taking him down.
her gaze lingers on someone as she sidles away.
he gazes around the area.
he takes two bags from his father.
the sea churns violently in its wake.
someone loiters nearby, his car now tagged with the letters us on its door.
reach his office.
as the kids climb off, someone lifts her head.
she straddles his thighs as he lifts her onto the kitchen island.
the car slides into a sharp turn, then grinds up against a stone wall.
someone heaves a regretful sigh and shakes his head as someone eavesdrops unnoticed.
she reaches for someone with a bloody hanky.
someone picks up his jacket.
her instructor urges the girl forward, then takes a seat near the back of the house.
hydra guards and troopers fire blaster weapons, incinerating some soldiers as they approach the base.
his nervous eyes scan the area as he walks across the pool.
someone stands up to watch someone hook a wave.
now words appear - swingers party.
facing forward, the kidnapper's jaw trembles.
iron man lifts his right hand and fires two blasts at someone, who ducks.
someone opens his arms.
stage right, eight more drones rise from the floor.
as someone speeds through a stop sign, an intersecting car slides sideways and gets hit head-on by another.
later a view through binoculars shows a helicopter landing at the military retreat.
an older man and woman stand beside him.
he wags his tongue, and someone catches it.
sparks flash as he turns it on.
a person jogs around a nearly empty arena.
suddenly, the box falls but someone holds on, hugging it to her chest.
someone bites her lip.
an armored vehicle rolls out of the base's fortified entrance.
the teenager glances back at his camera and eats another chip.
someone chugs a soda.
at the end of the street, someone approaches a pharmacy in his long coat and stovepipe hat.
someone storms out of the interrogation and into the observation room.
they each continue their descent.
now darkness obscures our view.
later, someone follows his partner out of the church.
a frost giant grabs the guard by the throat and slashes him with an icy blade sprouting from one arm.
fixed on her.
officer someone goes to her.
her features set in a dazed expression, someone turns away.
now in slow motion, submerged under gently lapping ripples, someone's grip loosens on his son.
live on daybreak, someone is dressed in a sumo suit.
as the beetle rides up alongside a tanker truck, one of the bikers gains on them.
someone gazes up at someone's flat as she unlocks the front door.
with their faces a few inches apart, they spin in tight circles.
the van fishtails, its spinning tires leaving a wake of churning dust.
the messenger apologetically bows her head.
her arms relax and she lets go of the syringe.
her other arm crosses her chest, she gathers the blanket up close to her chin.
he turns around and sees only blank canvases adorning the walls.
missing them, someone plunges to the bottom of the ramp and lands hard in a sprawl.
someone's weapon hangs at his side.
she begins to fiddle with a piece of equipment.
rope tied from a crossbar to the raft holds the canopy flat.
someone meets her gaze and she rubs the back of his head.
he reaches for a bathroom door then notices a bloody fingerprint on the handle.
the next morning, someone lies asleep on his side.
someone and brown haired sharon work at a clothing store.
the aerial shows the deluge plummeting into the cave's pitch black mouth.
someone touches his earpiece.
she looks down at it.
he places the yellow contain aside and slides closer to the tiger.
standing in a lift bucket someone repairs a high power transformer.
his nose and eyes take skull form and he blows fire from his nostrils.
someone steps away as they embrace and share a tender kiss.
someone ink stamps the postcard, wish you were here, and addresses it.
from his briefcase, he pulls out a coconut,
she gives an encouraging nod.
in the doorway someone stands with her hands clasped before her.
someone gives her a smirk and sips his wine.
at a dock, someone runs his gloved hand over the top of a wooden casket.
he pulls out the manuscript.
the concerned father returns his attention to the road ahead and notices little dom's.
someone shoves him against a wall and someone holds up a knife.
one officer handcuffs someone.
he scoots a wheeled stool over, and takes a seat.
he locks her sunken eyes on her.
they both fold their arms and pout.
someone grabs it and pulls it through the bars of the gate.
someone returns the torn filthy veil wadded up in a ball.
she cuts one invader down, but someone backhands her to the floor.
in slow motion, someone twirls through the air and lands at someone's feet.
the vest-clad alien taps the youngster on the head.
now jenks turns to the lead bunker officer.
she heads through the spacious lobby with classical style paintings on the walls
someone lays out a chocolate frosted cake, rimmed with chipped almonds.
he marches into the work area he shares with someone and finds him sitting casually at his desk.
checking his phone's display, he glances around then answers.
someone keeps his back to someone, his gaze vulnerable.
someone exits the cab.
she sidles along, peering into a private office.
headquarters, a remote warehouse, someone sits at a desk.
passing a valet stand, someone pauses to dance.
a white hen and her chicks peck at the ground, while a rooster struts nearby.
he carries them over to someone and someone,
he watches as the mother ship makes its way across the sky.
wearing dirty combinations, someone lies on the scruffy bed staring at someone.
she flips open her knife but he twists her around and dips her as if for a kiss then hurls her to the floor.
as the brave trainer inches forward, someone backs away.
a brief grin flickers over the corner of his mouth, as he stares at someone intensely.
someone leans into tuck.
someone leaves with her luggage.
now they enter a darkened classroom with the window blinds drawn.
she knocks over a family photo.
in a film, a boy wearing glasses and a trench coat grapples with a blond boy with blank bulbous eyes.
meanwhile, someone and someone reach the upper catwalk.
as someone stares off with heartbroken gaze, someone clutches her hand in both of his.
the falcon, with snowy clinging to its tail, flies through a window and into a grain mill.
she rejoins someone.
she fills the sack with cash.
later, a banner outside a building reads, "new york university athletics."
someone falls back on the bed with the scalp on top of his face.
the survivors enter.
he angrily pushes away from the table and stands, then trips and falls.
"take them away until the thing is done."
it's a red t-shirt with the words, yes, i accept in white.
now the auburn haired professor peeks in through a window in a classroom door.
someone turns to someone and stares at her.
as he grabs the gun from the tub, she knocks it to the floor.
with a frown, he sits up.
arriving pickup.
still holding a pistol, the general raises his hands.
in the wings, someone shifts his weight beside someone, who watches with crossed arms.
someone lifts his head into the sunlight, and bites his lip resolutely.
the father's brow knits and he glances at his son.
with his rifle raised, someone cautiously opens a metal door in the hallway.
lowering his sunglasses, someone peers down at someone.
someone shifts his gaze and gulps, then faces him.
someone raises her arms overhead and shakes her hips.
as someone faces her with a concerned expression, the orangutan lowers her gaze and sighs.
the beefy executive callously picks pizza out of his teeth.
they wheel slowly across the lawn.
now at home, the young indian performs salah alone.
the drones follow someone inside, crash into continents, and explode.
someone turns on a tank of nitric oxide.
with fluid grace, they execute the meditative movements in perfect unison.
someone climbs over the railing and jumps off the balcony.
as someone trudges off the valet approaches someone.
someone gets out, approaches him, and aims again.
it's spattered with a blood red stain and attached to a hose and hand pump.
someone nears the opposite end of the pool and pushes up one of the thick glass panels.
someone shakes her hair out.
his long legs stretched out before him.
someone emerges safely on the other side just as the fan whirs back to life.
someone lies dead.
someone holds up one palm.
someone returns his somber gaze to someone.
someone opens the right-rear door.
a fleck of truffle filling drops from her mouth onto her hair.
widens his arms in a helpless gesture.
with a horrified look, he examines the two bloody molars in his hand.
someone is laid back in the armchair, watching as someone's hands move up to cover his hand.
and crosses to the bed.
someone steps away then return.
the computer replays the ghostly sequence of someone reacting and her smile becoming a frightened stare.
gazing into his eyes, she lifts his hand and spins under his arm.
he pumps his arms to the beat of the cheers, then skates over to someone.
then enters a bedroom where he flipped his laptop.
someone turns toward the front door and someone nudges someone forward.
the man releases a wind-up mouse, watches it scoot across the counter,
at the bottom, he runs past damp brick walls then scurries through a labyrinth of pipes and machinery.
her jaw slackens.
dropping to the floor, the agent shoot their assailants.
he arcs his hands before the bricks, exposing a hatch.
someone takes notes on a page covered in doodles.
the landlady leaves.
the soldier delivers it.
he abandons it.
the mastermind opens the door revealing a group of hooded hostages seated on the floor.
now taxis drive past the guggenheim, a white cylindrical building reminiscent of a beehive.
someone fires his gatling gun at someone, who slices the gun off someone's shoulder with a pulse whip.
someone watches him, her brow creased and her eyes soft with sympathy.
as we drift closer, the three men emerge onto a rooftop.
she picks up her file.
glow stick dies out.
picture windows show someone trudging past and turning off lights in the house.
someone rounds a corner and spies a group of agents surround the radio.
we see animals in their respective enclosures.
she pats
someone grabs a post.
later in his room, he lies on his bed with an art book.
someone finds a collection of parade shots.
a man with short brown hair and wearing a black suit steps out.
her dark eyes probe his as they sway with the music.
the lawman hesitates, then snatches it from his hand.
someone waves her hands in the air as she dances to her microwave.
the board crashes over the break.
someone holds the door open as someone steps inside.
later, he makes a film with american troops.
whipping it off, he flings it back onto the peg with a grouchy sarcastic smile.
the kickback sends someone to the floor beside the dead vampire.
someone makes eye contact.
someone steps off an airplane, performers raise their arms in their pre-show circle.
as the mutants gather around, someone's body floats above, arms outstretched.
now someone's black pumps dangle from her fingers as she and someone walk to the elevators.
the acolytes somberly part to reveal someone walking toward someone and the weakened someone.
someone and someone make their own escape.
someone spies on him from a cracked open door.
he gets comfy.
now as guests stroll around the curtis' expansive grounds, someone finds someone siting alone on a bench overlooking a marsh.
the bride, her mother, and a few other guests take notice as she shuffles past the table.
stepping out from the cage, she closes the door and gives them a firm look.
using his phone, someone films as someone fills someone's hood with snow, then pushes it over her head.
someone bends over and puts his hands into two gloves inside the suit.
noticing him, a mustached officer sets down a cup of coffee.
as someone walks out, someone faces the girls.
palm trees stream past.
the girl watches, holding her dog, as the man gets out.
shaking his head, someone gives an outraged smile.
she become alive as the last of it gets absorbed.
someone meets her father's gaze and smiles.
staff listen to headphones and watch screens.
watching the tiger out of the corner of his eye, he extends the spear toward him.
someone goes after someone.
he fights, hunched forward.
someone eats breakfast with the rest of his family.
someone smiles wistfully at the words, nods, and dashes off.
as someone lingers in the doorway she takes her place at the table.
someone steps forward then backs away slowly.
finding her ankles crossed over the hardwood floor.
she swoons backwards off the bar.
then connects its wire to a circuit.
elsewhere, someone drives a military jeep.
someone grits his teeth.
someone watches emotionally.
someone watches a man screwing on a door handle.
now at his laptop, he clicks an arrow on his iphoto application.
now, someone gazes at the four dead minutemen who lie face down on a sidewalk.
someone hands one off as he raise his pass.
he recalls bumping into someone at the bank.
someone smokes a cigarette.
she takes his hand.
hoover whispers to a bespectacled man.
the finely-tailored garment unfolds gracefully as she holds it up.
he swallows, glancing at someone, and his lips give a brief irritated sneer.
back inside, a woman listens to music.
she stares at the table.
tucking his longhair behind his ear, someone leaves.
someone lowers his remorseful gaze and his lips pucker.
silk rushes off.
the submarine floats past the russian ship, where several sailors watch from the deck.
from a pair of twin platforms, he pushes himself up by his knuckles, and balances.
these americans are ruthless.
images of boys in kung fu stances flash on a giant video scoreboard.
as someone leans out the window.
someone wraps her arms around someone and kisses him on the mouth.
the children stare.
someone loops the rope handle of a bamboo training pole around someone's hand.
and his eyes fall on a fridge.
later on a street lined with palm trees,
skyscrapers rise from the heart of the city.
concrete showers down on running people.
grin.
he lifts his head and glances at someone, blinking pensively.
a spiky ball of ice crystals forms in his hand, and he hurls it into a warriors face.
it rolls away and settles on top of a floor grate.
someone looks up.
someone stares disappointedly as the man ignores him.
at a strip club, someone gets a lap dance.
someone charges and the tiger scurries below.
he grabs someone's arm.
he comes down from the stairs and walks closer to her.
someone tries to grab the ball out of ron's hands.
he steps slowly past marble statues and other works of antiquity and gazes at a pair of closed doors.
she reaches into the box and pulls out a small notebook and pen.
the lights of the capsizing ship twinkle and pulse in the distance as someone uses a line to reel in the drowning figure.
someone mouths, thank you.
he paints a purple vertical line, then shadows it in burnt sienna.
then watches his friend.
dried blood stains the floor beneath the table.
the coach glares, then stalks away.
she rejoins the group.
someone cocks his head the other way and so does his opponent.
he pulls up alongside the mustang, someone eyes someone through their open windows.
someone glares at her as she leaves.
a sticky note on it reads, found this with your stuff.
gazing at the ring, she takes a deep breath.
the military aide sets his briefcase on the table.
someone tosses someone a costume.
someone watches him for a moment.
the official blocks someone's next blow with his flags.
someone stares at someone blankly, and offers a fleeting grin.
someone glances back at the camera.
little someone hastily aims her rifle and fires.
she grabs her book from him.
beside someone, someone rises to his feet.
someone recalls the parade.
someone guides the meter's arm down.
she eyes him uncertainly then smooths her hair.
from around a corner, someone watches him swagger out, then approaches someone.
his eye transforms into an empty black socket.
he spots a huge monitor broadcasting the flash mob.
and attaches sticky notes indicating the homes of the other vanger residents.
he squints at the chalkboard menus.
she flops back down.
someone hugs his wife.
outside, someone streaks toward the city as he flies with someone held out in front of himself.
kobe bryant dunks the ball.
he trembles as a breeze brushes over the island's trees.
as someone supervises the men, someone rolls out from the under the van just before it pulls away.
she remembers riding in the back of an suv in korea with someone's concerned gaze fixed on her.
someone seethes as she watches.
and he forces her to bend forward putting her face in his lap.
he holds his hand still for a moment then pulls away.
the agents kneel.
he lands hard in a gravel pit below.
he flees among his frightened horses.
seen through the hovering camera, the boys' heads form the three points of a triangle.
he twirls her away, then brings her in, wrapping one arm around her waist.
his gait is listless and steady as he makes his way past a few recovery rooms.
someone chugs the whiskey.
he gently kisses her.
later, someone tapes a flyer to a pole.
inside, she inspects shirts on hangers.
he stops and smirks fearlessly as the minutemen's car stops in his path.
he stands upright then reaches into his jacket pocket and takes out a photo of someone.
he stares at the pair of mice in the pergola who are posed sucking on a piece of cheese through straws like teenagers sharing a milkshake.
someone stands watching her.
someone takes off his glasses.
someone tips him over the dock's edge and holds him inches from the water.
someone sits next to them.
as someone looks on, he enters a code into a panel beside the door.
someone rises then types at her laptop.
she covers the moon with her thumb.
he puts his hands on it.
opening the sack, the guys find it loaded with guns.
someone uses his crane to sweep dusty someone into someone's cab.
someone whirls around sheepishly.
he points to the two long paddleboards.
in the sunlit room, local officials stand waiting, some in long arabic scarves, others in business suits.
tubes trail from mr.
she looks at him, with tears in her eyes.
she casts a nervous glance back at the house then faces her ex-husband.
they struggle through sit-ups, toe touches, and pushups.
later someone sits on a bench and watches a group of children playing on a swing set.
the hostages quickly oblige.
an orchestra plays in a pit below the stage.
someone gives a long weary blink.
someone eyes the brunette in the red dress as she returns to her table.
the alien blocks someone from approaching the shack.
words appear: the dreamer vs.
the blond woman throws another bottle in the air and someone blasts it.
a field reporter for channel 12 news comments live from the site, as lights flicker in the background.
he crosses to a map on another wall
someone takes her friend's hands and presses them against her heart.
someone winks, then approaches rodrigo
she kneels in front of her daughter.
he pinches her butt.
someone grabs a baseball bat and knocks an imaginary ball out of the park.
the abductor's red moving van drives away.
as she turns to someone, they almost kiss, but hug instead.
antonio turns to a rocking display of batteries.
they lead the way into the ward.
someone shows her the manilla envelope.
she slams the glass down and stomps off.
someone takes a resigned breath.
his companions stare gravely.
someone flashes a bashful smile.
she steps back out onto the sidewalk.
someone looks away thoughtfully.
someone taps a long-armed robot.
a wider view shows the news report on a television in a car's console.
a second grid of the artwork covers another wall.
behind his daughter, a muscular, blond man arrives at the bar with some friends.
at the haunted house, someone enters a dusty room.
two dolphins swim near.
his math teacher gives a delighted round of applause and his english teacher nods approvingly.
as he drops to his knees and embraces her, she allows herself to cry.
now someone finds her mother gardening in front of the house.
she grins.
the photographer lowers his camera to see the board tumble backwards behind the wave.
the penguins find a pigeon amid them.
inside, a pristinely quaffed woman works a reception desk.
the young man kneels and pets the dog beside a mirror.
as he sits across from someone, she looks up from her magazine.
now in an aquarium, a teenaged boy and girl face a fish tank.
someone reaches to help him up, but pulls away.
someone looks down and bites her lips.
someone and someone watch the explosion grimly.
the police cruiser's smoking hood is smashed in and one of the front tires lies nearly sideways.
then looks up from the stone with a knowing gaze.
he touches someone's forehead, sending the mutant crashing into a mirror.
several more follow as we move through the tiger's image and below the surface.
inside, the guys toast with shots.
she throws a bit of paper into a bin.
they pass a cozy-looking white house with an ivy-covered chimney.
as someone sobs, someone comforts her.
wearing a dark skirt and a raincoat.
someone edges back to the passenger-side door and hesitantly climb aboard.
shutting her eyes, she gently pounds the back of her head against the seat back then recalls someone showing her photographs of someone.
she turns and finds him right there.
someone looks out the windshield.
now a blonde with pixie-like features fires a blowtorch at frying pans.
the boy sheepishly meets mr.
someone sticks his wrist in a scanner that takes minutes off his timer.
the launcher retracts.
she sits on the edge of the bed.
unwrapping a nutritional biscuit, he takes a big bite.
unfastening her seat belt, she leans forward and hugs his seat.
as she reads the display, her breath quickens and her brow furrows.
someone glances out toward a sidewalk, then steps back into the passageway.
someone meets the penguins gaze.
she chews her fingertip and looks at a map of the santa clarita hills.
she removes her wig and lets down her hair,
someone slides one of the flowers beneath a silver button of the inspector's jacket.
he views his handsome living room.
as they leave, the american stands motionless, staring after them.
he points his gun menacingly at the black security guard.
the masked woman mercilessly executes an injured civilian and pieces of ceiling sprinkle down.
blindfolded, someone takes the stick from someone.
the leaves separate to reveal a black and yellow tooth.
his legs crossed tightly, and his hands folded neatly on his knee, lowering his stare.
someone wields two more bottles.
he looks at his kids.
now she sits up in bed.
someone lets go of someone and leaves.
left behind with a pie in his hand, someone lets out a sigh.
now at the hollywood forever cemetery, a movie screen shows zombie attacks.
someone steps away setting his gun on a monitor displaying a feed from the video camera.
he sees his future wife with dark chin length hair leaving the counter ahead of him.
he stomps someone's foot and elbows him in the face.
he heads down a marble corridor bustling with business people and stops at a reception desk.
as someone moves on, someone lingers, holding the thin man's gaze with narrowed eyes.
they gaze hungrily after her.
a crisply dressed someone walks with someone.
the photo shows someone about the chow down on a greasy sandwich.
the imposing man presents someone who lowers his hood to reveal a bald head and raven like features.
the bed-headed boy drops his shorts, then sits on the bowl hunched forward with his arms dangling between his knees.
she looks at a window which opened.
meanwhile in a clothing store, someone pulls a sweater off a rack,
they kiss and wrestle playfully.
next she visits the algonquin.
he smiles.
fighting back tears, someone nods.
cars swerve as he emerges in a street.
he faces someone with fangs bared.
outside a convenience store, someone enters the wrong car, with a handful of candy.
then drawing thick heavy curtain
i haven't found my dream girl.
she takes a bite of her sandwich and he pours them each some coffee.
the footage shows the referee checking the downed fighter and his corner men rushing in.
as he stops her, she instantly changes back to the middle-aged new yorker.
we glimpse the sun through a canopy of tree branches,
someone takes a small bite.
he imagines her riding a bicycle.
now, a man totes two bags for her as he leads her into a building.
as they drive off, someone takes out a zombie.
the gangster missing several teeth accepts a machete.
he steps down from the porch.
she dabs under her eyes with her fingertips.
someone wraps a scarf around his neck, then dances the charleston on the low, round table.
it shows a packed arena.
she takes someone's wine glass.
she strokes his arm
saw in the overpass and the agents scramble out.
someone searches the many buttons on the console.
later on a balcony, he gazes toward the twinkling manhattan skyline.
she puts his hand on them.
someone turns to someone, who smiles and nods.
someone sucks out a fake tooth and bites down.
she has a doll sized replica of someone.
the mother faces her daughter inquiringly.
someone belly flops on top of them, followed by someone and someone.
embarrassed, someone backs the camera away.
someone struts out of the room and presses an elevator call button.
matveyev gets out and solemnly looks around.
toting a rifle, someone comes up on his left.
she turns it off.
he faces forward and glances at someone.
someone spots a cat on the sofa.
he flashes an amused smile and sits back.
see you tomorrow - someone.
someone lies with his headphones askew and his lips parted.
farmer leading a horse and plow.
in a deserted lot, the suvs surround the hatchback.
slowing his pace, he watches his stepfather grab a newspaper off the top of a trash can then cross the street.
later, a taxi arrives at someone's apartment building.
emerging outside, someone finds him blocking her path.
someone shakes her head slightly as she stares wide-eyed at someone.
as someone carries her away across the plain.
more us soldiers emerge from the forest.
someone's stare remains firm.
as the gunmen search the place tearing up couch cushions, the bearded gangster removes his sunglasses and crouches over his dead enemy.
someone stands, aims his revolver at her and cocks the hammer.
the fedora-wearing thug pulls someone along.
someone hammering out.
later in bed, she leafs through the book.
someone shines his flashlight over the house's ivory covered exterior, then onto a fish carved above the front door.
now sonia and someone enter the cafe during another open mic event.
someone sits with his mother.
she starts cpr.
someone listens to music.
camera bulb flashes and a student id appears, featuring a photo of a puzzled-looking someone.
the film clip ends.
the beefy man in the passenger seat uses a radio.
someone spots a photo of him and someone.
someone wriggles her wrist in the woman's rock-hard grasp.
at a valet station, she finds the keys of several parked cars.
the confused guests watch her run back out through the doors.
later, he crosses a cobble-stoned street near a statue of a lion.
someone brushes her hair back and turns, catching someone's gaze in the mirror.
someone raps his knuckles on a small window in the front of the pod.
standing in a mirror, she rubs foundation onto her face then smooths it with a make-up brush.
holding someone's shield, someone lets it fall to the ground.
someone opens the door.
backs away and crouches at a wooden cage.
they watch two men in suits head down the sidewalk.
parked.
he glances at the digital map and data tables as someone leads them past.
someone takes a couple of steps closer to the russian's daughter.
the man glances sideways and narrows his eyes as he studies the clock.
she stabs it into the last morsel of
someone punches someone then sits at the controls.
guns pop out of someone's shoulders and fire as someone's face plate flips down.
the attendant shrugs and moves away.
they face the gang leader.
he rubs out what he's done so far on the new picture.
as the four someone gaze down at the crowd of penguins, our view lifts back over the snowy ridge and widens to show an ice burg in the rippling ocean beyond.
outstretched arms, someone poses for the crowd as the circular platform revolves.
the old woman sits back.
later someone arrives home with the painting.
standing at the back of the room, someone watches senator brandt shake dr.
he drops into a split, then springs up using only his goat legs.
now a slideshow of snapshots holds the attention of sentimental prom guests.
someone throws the bucket and drop kicks a snake.
the white-haired woman steps behind a counter and presses a button located beside a submachine gun.
stifles tears and rubs her chest.
as she leaves, jesse reaches for someone's makeup.
he forces a compact mass of the energy between someone's lips, then releases him.
a corpulent zombie blocks their path.
someone picks up the empty someone.
someone looks to the center.
the fountain's jets of water blast upward as he approaches.
a dozen charred victims killed in the grenade blast lie in heaps around the open hatch.
while it sticks out of diesel's butt.
someone stares at the key then looks around at the vibrating ground.
he sits down.
a young boy sloppily eats ice cream.
esu member is  toting a bunker.
someone lassos someone and slings him against a rock.
someone's doubtful friend stands close to the water's edge.
later, someone studies a youtube video showing trained penguins.
someone watches, he remove the dead woman's wetsuit.
the instructor gets to his feet, walks past someone, and leaves the auditorium.
now someone finds someone in his study.
all eyes turn on someone.
now, in a stark building, someone and a blond timekeeper watch surveillance footage of someone on the bridge, while someone eyes a continually changing screen displaying time per capita in each zone.
the mustached thug's features twist in a helpless sob.
someone stands, rips off a countertop, and smashes it against someone's back.
he slides down onto his butt with a small someone.
he drops several books.
the two armies charge into one another, swords and spears clashing in the ensuing chaos.
someone watches them leave.
holloway presses a few squares that make up the cube and it projects a series of images.
he reaches the exit door and tries a key.
turning away from the view,
as they retrieve their guns, more zombies come after them.
someone spots them.
they quickly lift their heads.
someone takes the incoming call.
the creature leaves someone on the ground and investigates.
back at the farm, someone sits alone in the barn and watches some chickens.
an adjacent windows shows a gangster taking aim.
the two women share a tender look and someone takes her hand.
meanwhile, someone rides the atv through the structure's tunnels.
then ambles across the room and stands at her bedside.
in the kitchen, someone gazes off sullenly.
as someone trembles, someone looks to her eldest son.
now a title appears high above the slum, crowded with jerry-built shacks.
acrobats twirl from long swathes of.
both men drink.
now someone finds a blank gift bag, stuffed with purple tissue paper, on her welcome mat.
listening as a richly dressed older woman punches in an entry code.
he turns away and covers his face with one hand.
someone stares at his headgear and cocks her head.
the redhead gives a resigned nod.
later, they play charades.
the mohawked crewman lays his face in his hands.
speeds away from the halted traffic and continues the pursuit.
a palanquin gets carried across the far bank.
someone steps forward, arms folded across his chest.
a puppet moves in beside them.
someone swallows uneasily.
a suited man with sunglasses and a two-way radio earpiece leans toward the young woman.
the two friends kneel, press their hands together in prayer, and bow their heads.
we catch glimpses of a dusty floor and machinery.
a few people notice him and crowd close, whispering.
in the park, two women use a pair of public-access exercisers that simulate cross-country skiing.
she stares at the front someone then crouches and inspects the damage.
someone's lips spread into a smile.
someones eyes grow misty.
the reverend scrutinizes someone.
someone approaches the family.
someone pushes a button, firing missiles which destroy the tank.
she hugs someone.
as he grabs a book and flops onto the bed,
someone takes out his credit card then returns to the others.
they veer around the dune and glide down the opposite side.
a bald man grilling hot dogs raises his tongs and cheers.
he touches one of someone's cornrows.
she breaks into a grin.
he stares after her.
wearing wetsuits, someone and someone paddle out on their surfboards.
the family sits.
he scoops the litter up.
the others do the same.
holding his wife close, someone forces a carefree grin.
his aim sweeps toward the tailor and the trigger moves.
as someone approaches the basement stairs, the man exits the secured office and strides toward the vault.
the stern-faced woman stares at the door and takes a heavy breath.
a woman sitting on a bench stares off with disinterested eyes as someone passes by then boards the bus.
someone follows his example.
following them, we watch the golden dna strands rebuild, then blacken.
someone's heading out.
her colleague glances at her, his brow arched.
someone disbelievingly shakes her head.
as someone walks away, someone slowly shuts the door to her suite.
she marks one specifically, and labels it.
pigeons fly off.
someone catches the ball.
looking away, someone spots the pistol beside someone's dead body.
as she leans in to hug him, someone tilts his head and gives her a full kiss on the lips instead.
he returns to the door.
someone approaches the bully.
a senator's aide steps out and whispers into the senator's ear.
in a spray of breaking glass, someone is yanked to the floor and violently pulled down the aisle.
ocean water pours over the frenzied teen as he rips the canvas free of each hook, trying to uncover his friend.
as the white water catches up to him, he waves someone on daringly.
someone glances at him but he avoids her gaze.
nodding, he glances away with a smile.
he remembers holding hands in ikea, laughing in the car.
it's 7:00 am.
someone jabs and kicks at someone, but the boy instinctively blocks and evades with the ingrained jacket moves.
they watch sister wind halfway down the wooden staircase with a confident strut.
to the right of the hood, the attendant opens boxes of motor oil with a box cutter.
revealing a two seat cessna plane in the small hangar.
one of her monitors reads, "third party on line."
riding a train, someone peers out a window.
someone moves toward someone's table.
in the bedroom, someone lies asleep.
he gets up from his seat.
she waves to him.
now, three men in fedoras and overcoats ascend a wide staircase separated from each other by two center railings.
she waves her arms, trying to catch someone's attention.
a giant wave washes them from view.
someone blows a toy horn and they share a mirthful smile.
agent someone hits a command on his computer then sips from a travel mug.
someone's sitting in a booth with mackenzie.
a woman sits down at his table.
the girls perch high on the road shoulder.
she strolls in with a bouquet of purple bellflowers then snips the ends off the stalks and puts them in a vase.
later the two friends throw stones at the curling waves, then trot off over the sand.
someone leans towards her.
someone sighs gravely, her face still bruised.
she drops the cordless phone and sprints across the room.
they flick their tongues at each other.
the third archer hails distant horsemen.
the darkness rapidly lightens to a shimmering and opaque surface with reflected grey clouds.
meanwhile, at the cottage, someone removes surveillance cameras from the equipment case.
and a boy winds the string of his.
the red-haired young woman kneels beside someone who sits under a tree with a book.
and the coin collector cradles him as best he can.
the zoo owner clenches his jaw, then sucks in a breath.
the operator carefully climbs down the ladder to the floor and looks at her phone.
now, someone comes back downstairs wrapped in his comforter.
he jiggles the locked door.
while someone and someone work a radio, someone and someone stand under a cable stretching down to distant train tracks.
ducking out, holloway collapses.
now someone walks with ms.
they chew gum as they have sex.
he laughs as she dashes out in her bra and panties.
curiously looking on as the alien rotates the chair to face the controls.
someone checks his rear-view mirror as he negotiates the bullet-ridden taxi down crowded city streets.
someone gives someone the letter and leaves.
someone soberly faces someone.
now, from his mini cooper, someone sees someone's car arrive at the taj mahal casino.
she wipes a tear from her eye, offers a smile, then stands, and climbs up the stairs.
the swing rises high above the stage.
the bank official shows her the calculator.
someone serves dinner on a plate.
someone' gaze follows her as she walks around his vehicle.
they pass fountains on the promenade.
the tiger stalks along the port side bench as the teen creeps closer with his spear in hand.
standing under the bus flickering lights someone lifts the rifle.
the rule appears over the door.
someone watches her go then shakes his head and leaves as well.
at the archives someone pushes through heavy doors and approaches some vending machines.
beside someone, the heavyset thug scrambles back.
at the cottage, someone stands over a scanner, a pencil in his mouth.
the teenager opens the doors of a suit to reveal coach someone who sits with a few piatas, watching tv and eating cool ranch doritos.
the mocha-skinned woman rows a raft.
someone gazes up at her.
he tosses his bag to a woman and starts to dance.
the plane flies unsteadily toward a massive storm front.
he climbs into the front passenger seat.
he backs the car away from the pedicab, steers around it, and drives off.
the light inside the cockpit dims.
he takes off his gorilla mask.
they get in someone's silver sedan.
approaching from behind with a tray of food, someone stops and follows someone's gaze.
someone stands revealing his powerful build.
someone unleashes water from two more tanks, and it all combines to form a giant flowing barrier around the rooftop.
with his eyes glowing, someone turns to the window and stares at the party-goers, who stand motionless.
he turns his head.
he replaces a bulb over spar's cage.
someone gives a weary look and follows him.
the stern-faced g-man turns gravely toward someone and nods.
someone leans back as someone throws a roundhouse kick.
he goes to the archway and briefly surveys the room before kneeling at the foot of the bed.
shielded behind a blast screen, stark uses mechanical claws to touch a wire to the glowing pellet.
the bank robbers leave their hostages and stride out of the trees.
the screen shows the guys email address.
they approach the front door.
it turns to pursue her and she darts away.
inside, he pours coffee for group of older men.
we watch from outside as he goes to the bedroom and peeks through a partially opened door.
someone grabs a glass of champagne and gulps down half its content
as someone steadies himself his bewildered gaze lands on the holographic model of earth.
she hangs it on a coat rack.
now feather fans lift away to reveal someone reclined on the lounge piano, in a skimpy two-piece outfit made of pearls.
there are lines through many of them.
someone leaves the stage as the judges chat and nod.
she mulls it over.
he leans forward to watch her go.
someone spreads his fingers wide.
the older surfer turns away.
his smashed open helmet reveals his grotesquely deformed features.
someone and someone do the same.
the cat bounces of the chair, swings around the chandelier, then lands on someone's face.
climbing after his companion, someone drops down on the other side as the car arrives.
he steers the flying bomb clockwise around someone's plane.
as he waves his booted feet in the air, someone drifts away.
wincing, he re-submerges with a shake of his head.
later, someone greets arriving guests.
someone stomps someone's foot.
the creature peers out at him with beady yellow eyes.
she starts off.
cresting the rise, the cart speeds toward a pond.
someone minces up to a shelving unit and peeks around it.
she gives him a flat metal box.
he preps a dressing.
spray with her hand then submerge
the gray haired goateed pickpocket quickens his pace and takes out a set of keys.
someone bites his lip in blissful concentration.
he removes the keyboard from a drawer and sets it on the desk, then sips his beer.
in reality, they're on opposite sides of a chatting group.
a white suv charges up the street then breaks by the man in the taupe suit.
now someone chats with someone as they exit the lounge, passing under its unlit archway.
she shows her bag.
someone bends down to pick something up.
behind barton, a stout, baby-faced man steps into the hall and shoots him.
in expectations, someone opens the door, smiles, and kisses someone on the lips.
beside the mentor, a friend of his with weathered features peers through narrowed eyes.
someone kicks the guards and knocks them out.
he runs to someone and rips off her necklace.
he passes a panicking zebra.
someone's wife turns.
dressed for work, someone tiptoes out from her bathroom and gathers her things.
now, strands of lights adorn a fancy outdoor reception.
someone studies the old man uneasily, then blinks his eyes shut and swallows.
pulling away, he lifts his thoughtful gaze to the cruiser atop the hill.
someone watches someone lip sync every word.
later outside, someone walks away.
closing his eyes, he gently kisses and caresses her foot.
now a plane soars overhead.
someone climbs out of the truck.
he shoves someone's hand away.
he flings it around the thug and gives it a yank, incinerating him in a flash.
now on his back, he presses his hands to his face.
he hugs the grenade to his torso as he lies in a fetal position.
he runs.
someone faces the baby.
someone fires a grenade.
someone is collecting keys and cell phones in a sack.
someone gazes out at the dance floor, then turns to someone.
the door startles someone.
she lifts the lid of a dutch oven on the stove, and steam billows out.
someone twirls as she gazes around herself.
someone shoves someone into the pool.
he raises his gun in front of her face.
back in his room, someone heaves a bulky red duffel bag onto his bed.
firecrackers explode inside the modeled train, flaming train cars tumble over gravel.
the others look back to see receding break fling someone's tiny surfboard up and swallow it.
someone leaves someone sits beside someone.
later, someone tumbles off the side and grabs onto a rope connected to the bow.
outside, someone spies a window framing a view of two women, a tuxedoed man, and a fourth person drinking and smoking inside.
rise from the valve as he raises it to his lips and takes a hit.
someone takes a look at the inch-thick stack of documents.
she gives a dispirited look then heads over.
someone waves at a blonde, who averts her gaze.
the beam of light sucks up someone and the other asgardians before shooting back into outer space and vanishing.
now curtains drawn over the children's bedroom window flutter.
giant robotic arms rise from the platform and remove someone's helmet, revealing his smiling face.
as a matronly teacher makes her way down an aisle other students hand her their assignments.
the doors start to slide shut.
someone heads up toward the first floor, crossing paths with the woman.
he squeezes her close.
he staggers drunkenly while his friends rough house.
he and someone fly backward through a wall, then through a window.
now, someone arrives at a narrow crevasse.
now, a car pulls up across the street from a neighborhood restaurant.
at the limo, someone feels for his brother and punches him.
inside, someone smirks uneasily.
he scrambles up.
someone tugs his hand, pulling him to his feet.
someone fastens his seat belt then gives his abductor a smirk.
a third goes down, then a fourth.
someone draws a sharp breath.
she walks upstairs into the kitchen where someone's sister stands at the sink.
someone nervously glances back, then takes a step down.
across the street, someone stands with his hands in his pockets watching the scene.
he crosses to it slowly taking out a key.
as someone pulls the condom of his toe, the teenage boy watches.
she pokes someone's chest.
she leans on a shelf.
a rotund someone wears a floral dress.
his beaming mother looks on as she scoops scrambled eggs from a pan.
someone wearing his suit, reaches pavement level on an escalator.
someone moves beside her.
the unit freezes and a digital timer flashes zero.
she hurries into the elevator.
he leans in and kisses her.
at night, someone sits on the raft filleting the large fish he claimed.
wearing a black short sleeved leotard and a utility belt, someone pulls herself along the panels.
using a rag, he tugs at one of the disembodied appendages.
starting at her hand, she shifts into her natural form, with scaly blue skin, slick dark-red hair, and pale-yellow eye
someone and the first two dancers pose erotically in their own chairs and snap their fingers.
now someone leads the group into the chamber housing the giant disc.
someone frees someone from her chair.
grinning, she cups his face in her hands and presses her lips to his abashed smirk.
grabbing his cheek, king someone stumbles.
his weary profile shows against the backdrop of the lively performers.
the woman opens her printer and removes a toner cartridge.
the car slams down on top of the seattle space needle.
someone slaps him hard.
her brow furrowed, someone holds him tight.
turning, the driver heads to his car.
he stands stiffly by her mother,
reaching a door at the end of the corridor, he struggles to open it.
someone wrinkles her nose.
as two of the women take calls, the redhaired friend faces someone.
now, as he rushes outside, someone pulls his car out of the drive.
glancing across the street, he spots the guards escorting a cluster of well-dressed men away from the white suv.
the vulture flies out of the window.
now the motorcycle gains on the suv jouncing in the cold rushing air.
with a calm, deliberate gaze, he nears the rapist's exposed neck and takes a bite.
someone executes kung fu sequences against the powder-blue sky as someone looks on.
someone's friends pitch their boards into the water and dive in.
now on the rooftop, someone's feet rest on either side of the corner railing.
he watches attentively.
someone pats his plate and finds a salad fork.
a sailor gives him a life jacket.
someone hops into the water besides someone as two men climb out of the plane and on to one of its pontoons.
and someone covers her with the metal tissue-thin space blanket.
the zombie topples off the car.
a second guy whisks him out of his free fall.
now, we soar through a barren, unforgiving mountain range.
the head doctor places someone's alien hand on the gun.
he spots someone perched on a goal's crossbar.
she pulls it off.
someone storms up.
with one foot raised, they rotate.
someone shuts off the feed.
taking a garment from her basket, she pauses and stares inside.
later, the timer shows one minute remaining.
someone approaches with a bottle of fine liquor.
someone gestures to someone and someone and they follow him into the corridor.
someone touches his finger to his temple and closes his eye
she handles a sugar glider, a raven, and a skunk.
later in a principal's office, an elegant woman with blonde curls opens a stuffed yellow envelope.
pause on their way downstairs.
someone groggily opens his eyes.
someone joins his hands and bows.
then follows someone.
someone's eyes glisten and he presses his lip.
puts down her purse and goes to the machine.
he pretends to stroke someone's hair.
someone blocks the exit with a dumpster.
someone and someone peer around the nose of a truck and watch him enter a coffee shop called, the cup & saucer.
a guy runs up, stops the door with his briefcase, and gets in.
someone gives her a glower then turns to someone.
on his way out, someone stops short.
as the group continues up the dirt road, our view turns to follow them.
she gives him a kiss then takes his hand.
in the sky, someone and the drones follow someone as he flies along a freeway.
someone slaps him.
looming over her someone puts on the condom.
as they leave, blond rubs his throat.
in their mini-van someone's parents smoke pot.
someone hops into a motorcycle sidecar.
the teacher raises his eyebrows and stares at someone who sits frozen.
the board lies in a calm spot on the surface as another wave crashes into a large rock.
someone plays the bagpipes.
all of the missiles remain suspended in the sky.
the big screen shows a point awarded to someone, tying the score at 1 to 1.
lying in a brightly lit hospital room, someone flickers open his eyes.
standing beside the tunnel, the blank faced someone turns and faces his father.
someone steps outside and opens an umbrella.
and stuffs it in a sack.
someone returns a rugged nod.
the image dissolves from someone onstage to the bedroom.
meanwhile, in the parking lot of a dunkin' donuts and a baskin robbins plaza,
in slow motion, he surfs down a 30-foot wave.
a girl with glasses holds her spool above her head.
someone steps aside and makes a phone call.
someone stifles a smile.
standing over him, someone angrily shakes the phone.
struggling to remain composed, she nods.
someone reads her text.
he un-anchors the hook from the root and waits for the tiger to hop on board.
in the morning, someone and someone wake to find someone's father using an elliptical machine at their feet.
she follows him into the living room.
they smile and pose.
their expressions grow pensive and they both face the stage.
someone beams fondly at it,
lamar gives him three lottery tickets.
it falls onto the gunpowder.
he runs out of the room.
now, as someone carries a paper bag to work, the bottom breaks, and the dessert crashes to the ground.
someone makes selections from the blue graph, and the map hones in on a galaxy.
one section of the stairs rests on a fin of rock
he shoots the ground around someone's feet.
now a black car arrives outside the devastated research facility.
someone inhales once again from the tank.
someone removes his spectacles.
someone pulls over.
yanking the man's wrist over the counter, someone snatches his claim ticket.
she gazes at the moon.
a bullet tears through someone's neck.
later someone reads in a dim library between tall stacks of books.
wearing an earpiece the bellhop speaks discreetly into a small microphone.
he takes off his shirt.
someone goes to the intercom.
he pauses, frowning gravely.
now he rings a doorbell outside.
she turns to her older cousin.
someone bows, then exits the stage with the other dancers.
someone lies motionless, his brow knitted as his breath comes in shallow gasps.
someone poses with his arms out.
a few feet away, someone stands up
the cat lies on someones stomach.
a boxy older-style mercedes pulls up nearby.
someone gazes steadily at his lackey.
someone gazes sadly as someone hikes toward them.
two girls chat at the counter.
the young outcast gives a slow nod, then shrugs tearfully.
someone fearfully opens his eyes, and gapes.
he rubs it vigorously on his shirt.
someone deflects the nightstick with a steel cord.
outside, a large tank backs up as a long, black convertible car pulls to a stop.
he shines his flashlight across the store.
the young man climbs up on an underwater ledge and raises his flippered feet.
he sets them down then presses the remote.
someone fixes his mask.
someone wearing a sleeveless dress, dances with someone.
she blows him a kiss and pats his cheeks.
someone defensively grabs a picture frame and presses her back to a wall by a white-trim doorway.
he sits back and wipes his hands.
shanghai skyscrapers jut into the hazy sky.
she slides off her panties and uses them to cover its lens.
someone opens one book and signs the title page.
she meets his gaze directly and he turns in towards her.
someone readies a napkin and picks the greens off her plate.
as he reads it, someone creeps up behind him wearing a trench coat over a negligee.
we drift back down the hall.
as a thin gunman and a bald one shoot up at the mezzanine, someone rushes out of the room.
the others sway side to side.
tables in the medical lab quiver as someone faces the guard
one of someone's eyes changes color.
someone turns to leave.
the title reads, show me how you burlesque, by someone.
as he turns his head to stare at it, the roadster approaches a spike strip laid across the street.
she notices a little girl in a blue tunic sitting nearby.
he ducks down and checks an arrow then hurls the player on his back.
as the human stands, he surveys the tangles of wires crisscrossing out of electronics and over the walls.
later, she sits on her balcony and stares at the notice.
bullets tear a hole through the backside of a paper target.
later outside the jail, a cluster of national guards stand watch by a waist-high wall of sandbags.
someone jumps in after her, fully clothed.
as he rides up, someone sprints after him and grabs her bag.
sister closes the buckles on her hard case black and white print suitcase, and grabs a second one on her way out.
they both stand.
someone watches her sister pour the scoop of ashes into the water.
someone gives a resigned look.
someone points at it.
she flings it across the room.
perched in a portable chair, someone looks on appreciatively.
someone's mouth drops open as he watches the screen.
someone politely returns the gesture, then heads inside.
then she strides of leaving someone with someone.
someone grabs a pistol from a deceased officer and pushes someone forward.
as the car pulls away, someone watches it go.
at the drop ride, zombies climb the tower's frame.
on a nearby computer screen, a driver's license baring someone's photo is marked falsified data.
someone extends his hands.
someone helps duke ride a bike.
a cop enters and gives the operator a kiss.
the datsun peels out with the remaining police car on its tail.
he twists his left wrist, sliding it through the restraint.
at the front of the crowd, a busty blond woman holds a champagne bottle by its neck.
now, someone's mistress sits in the light of a blazing fire as someone addresses her.
someone takes out a gun but someone knocks it away.
the man glances around.
drops his gaze then smiles and swings his arms.
someone dabs his chin with his napkin.
as the penguins move closer, someone follows and sees someone someone walking like a penguin.
she awakes to her daughters performing, and leans closer.
now a remote lies on a bed.
to speak then swallows and looks away.
the bullets hit a building.
someone looks away angrily with the focus group.
someone picks up the folder.
someone feels his way to an empty seat.
as someone works at a valet station, a silver mercedes, like someone's, pulls up.
as he continues the routine, someone strolls outside with a mug.
now, someone scurries back through the white door and shuts it, pressing herself against it.
someone peers out at him from the edge of the boat, his parted lips showing his long, sharp fangs.
her eyes sparkle.
he points to someone's head and heart.
in the lobby, someone finds a glass door and enters.
on the page, a sketch of a rocket ship striking one eye of the man in the moon.
the narrator shoots her in the chest but she keeps coming.
someone sneaks up.
later, she tipsily stands with another.
the dark-haired guard and another man rush down the stairs, grab someone, and place a white bag over his head.
his hand rubs someone's breast!
someone appears.
she starts to speak then swallows.
someone stands and faces the rows of people behind him.
someone nods and our view withdraws from the vault.
he packs up his fire cupping equipment.
someone comes out smoking a cigarette.
someone sets her makeup case on top.
he lurches forward, someone gasps and turns away.
someone and someone set off together side by side.
on the other side of the glass, two lamps turn on in the mixing room.
he pleasantly raises his bottle of champagne then backs away disappearing within the crowd.
someone's shoulders heave.
sits back and heaves a misty sigh in the cold air.
later, she places the pill bottle beside several others at a locker.
a label on the case reads bulletproof.
the gun floats to his hand and he aims at the farmer.
someone pats the trunk.
someone narrows his eyes.
someone eyes a poster of little red riding hood and the big bad wolf.
as the impact plots out our view, we glimpse a burst of sparks.
someone spots the pedicab from a block behind and gives a vengeful smile.
as he strolls to the door, his gaze catches a young woman with chin length auburn hair and large blue eyes.
someone leaves the computer station to approach someone and someone.
as someone sprints away, the video camera blips off.
she resumes practicing.
he watches the attack in a stupor, his jaw hanging slack.
his frustrated gaze scans the agents, his breath puffing visibly in the night air.
the gorilla shifts his gaze.
as he reaches the entrance to someone mnemonic,
a sign reads, happy engagement, someone.
as smoke wafts around her face, her eyes dart quizzically.
later, heading down a sidewalk with someone, someone stares straight ahead.
his dad bumps into someone and drops his bag.
now someone and someone watch a zoo keeper enter the room carrying a live goat.
across the street, someone stands on his lamp lit porch, watching him with a cocktail.
the water gives off a sparkling glow with each motion of his hand.
someone watches nervously.
the announcers gawk as someone flies toward the vortex then vanishes inside it with a flash of light.
someone sighs tearfully.
someone climbs off her bike and removes her helmet.
now in the administrative office, someone sharpens pencils and blows off the shavings.
reaching for a dish with raspberries and chocolate cake,
she pulls up his shirt to reveal his toned back, and works it over his head.
the copter carries him off.
he looks around the dark room, then clicks on the light.
someone stands behind someone at the far end of the corridor.
deep in water, red someone stands on the burning sinking ship.
she sees the approaching ship.
in slow motion, someone tosses his pistols, then draws a single revolver.
he bites his lower lip, someone coolly steps away.
someone keeps his eyes open.
little hat and holds a tiny outfit.
someone elbows him in the face.
a smile plays on his lips.
she looks at him sharply.
he kisses the photograph.
later, he rinses off a plate and lays it out to dry.
someone takes of his helmet and sits in the pilot's chair.
behind them, someone draws his gun.
an army drone stomps up to a young child wearing an iron man mask.
his lips stuttering hesitantly.
as someone surveys the scene, his son raises a pair of binoculars and focuses them on a group of men in yellow suits outside the plant.
as a 15-foot wave begins to crest, he drops down through the face of it.
he reaches into venom's left pants pocket and digs around.
someone shoots quick bursts around the pillar and his father joins in.
the jet crash lands on the beach.
he swings open a small metal grate then steps into a tiled corridor, opposite the shop.
now, the woman returns to her desk.
he shoots out the hatchback's rear window, then the motorcycle's back tire, launching someone over a safety railing.
she pulls out a newspaper clipping and tearfully holds it out.
someone faces her and swallows.
the burly thug picks up a cork.
he passes the ball high and someone jams it into the hoop for a slam-dunk.
handcuffed someone tries to pick it up with his mouth.
someone takes off, leaving his father on the street.
he shoots a glance at someone.
he finds the captain writing at a desk in his office.
someone follows his gaze.
the two boys take their starting poses.
the real someone flies backward and drops his spear as he falls onto the bridge.
now, hoover and someone walk down a hall.
a bengal tiger steps beneath the lifted gate and enters the narrow corridor before them.
someone shoots as he climbs a staircase to a roller coaster platform.
several stories above, someone climbs out of the duct and clings to the wall.
they spot a surveillance camera.
she eyes someone and leaves them alone.
as someone makes his escape with someone, the timekeeper catches his breath and glares after them with gritted teeth.
we glimpse a few green-tinted shapes swimming just below the surface.
elsewhere at the airport, the two friends face each by a window, sharing a long gaze.
the eager woman slouches sadly.
someone and someone stifle their grins as someone searches under the table.
his leg blocks her.
a tan car pulls to a stop, and someone and someone climb out.
she passes a framed photo of the couple embracing.
someone halts, her brow knitted.
someone gives someone a bemused frown.
as someone appears in the doorway, her boss turns from his computer and gives her a stern look.
he holds paper towels to his nosebleed.
someone drops her gaze to her outfit.
someone scans the text.
landing in a crouch, she spots the police across the rooftop.
his son hops up on his knee as the screen blinks to life.
tiny hammers rise and fall as a patterned cylinder rotates under them.
he slips and falls on his back, splintering the lunch table in two.
now as he drives, she drapes herself against his shoulder.
the rapper's mic goes dead.
as we near a cloud, someone emerges head-on toward us with someone in one arm.
sketches twist and twirl as they sail about the room.
someone and someone hold the veil between them.
she folds her hands at her waist.
she pulls a hunk of wax from her ear.
each controlled by a single mechanism with immense gears.
grabbing the milk, someone pours it all over the box then sets on tofu dog.
someone stares slack jawed, then turns and breaks into a run.
and another feeds him a lotus flower.
he takes a gun from a drawer.
under the branch, the piglets barrel down the road toward them.
he rubs his hands together then primps in a mirror.
reaching into the back of his mouth, he rips out something else.
inside, he scans the room.
he squeezes the back of someone's neck and the boy goes limp, his eyes closed.
the android breaks off one of the translucent, foot long vials.
he dances back to someone.
someone strides to a deck railing and glares down at someone and someone as they row away.
someone wears his helmet and hockey pads over his tooth fairy uniform.
someone proudly points to the name on the cover page.
he shakes his head and hustles after her.
meanwhile, someone arrives at the command module's door.
back in the foyer, someone holds out someone's ring and someone magically snatches it.
leaping up, someone grabs on to the open ramp door as the chopper slowly lifts off.
as it illuminates the sky, we find the boat and raft adrift on perfectly still, glassy waters that reflect the cloudy sky.
someone rises from the floor and sends metal beams crashing through the chamber between them.
realizing her advances are directed at him, he hurries away.
all of the panels turn with dancers in front of each.
meanwhile, in battery park, someone mounts the steps to a tiered platform-like fountain.
across the station, the inspector climbs a series of pegs sticking out of a wall, using only his hands.
then reaches in her bag and takes out
he slams
the noblewoman waves feebly at the fans.
someone crouches by the passenger door of a maserati and attempts to pick the lock.
now the two cops run down a hall.
in the water, someone lifts his arms.
the others continue to wait in one line.
he slips the brochure into a pocket then studies a map tacked to a wall.
he taps his temple and she brightens.
his chest rises and falls and he bows his head.
at night, lights from chicago's skyscrapers glimmer on the horizon.
someone holds up three bloody teeth.
someone squeezes his eye shut, swallows, and shakes his head.
he faces the pole.
he turns to a bulletin board where multiple mugshots of familiar criminals hang posted.
she tosses her purse and keys down then removes her coat.
someone crosses his hands over his chest.
she sits cross-legged by a space heater on her apartment floor.
as the boy turns back to the tank, someone and someone step up behind him.
peering at a photo of someone vanger.
outside, the pizzeria's lights go dark.
someone shoves the cellphone in someone's mouth.
in the bedroom, someone zips up someone's satchel.
someone keeps wailing on him.
someone's smile fades and she shifts her puzzled gaze.
reaching an intersection, he pulls the emergency break.
now at the baseball game, a pitcher winds up and throws the ball.
reaching the platform, someone takes his place.
someone glances at someone then drops her sewing onto a chair.
as she steps into the bathroom someone heaves another heavy sigh.
he forces a smile.
stopping, someone shakes his head.
someone and someone lean close to kiss.
he plucks a someone from the garbage bag full of cash and heads toward a convenient store.
he sets the gun on a table, then pours the champagne from his mother's birthday.
joining them, nimrod trips.
someone steps out.
her lips parted, someone looks away.
someone stares down at it,
he staggers back, snapping irritably at the fabric as a recoiling someone watches with wide eyes.
she slips the note off the bin.
he imitates pulling down the zipper, parting the flaps on someone's pants, and removing them.
the doctor taps a pen against an open notebook.
she rests her chin on his shoulder as he holds her.
he rubs his cheek.
the lion turns.
now, autumn leaves cover the back patio of the abandoned house.
the only one still wearing her helmet.
someone returns home to his apartment.
she shakes her head with a sorrowful childlike pout
then lowers herself over him.
watching her, someone drinks chlorophyll from a sports bottle.
she gets a text from someone.
the doctor laughs.
the girl stares at someone as someone hands him a handkerchief,
someone musses up his own hair.
claude and someone visit a grave site.
now in a life-vest, someone faces a dolphin.
she digs out her cell phone.
then standing in front of a mirror, nips at his other fingernails.
she shows a folded paper napkin.
another gets shot in the groin.
making it squeeze even tighter.
her toes deftly feeling for its latch.
someone reaches down and tugs on his pajama bottoms.
dragging someone along by the hand, someone halts at the half pipes edge.
she wears a dress, and has a small tattoo on her shoulder.
he sips a beer.
the teen thrusts his head above water and gasps.
back at his house, someone plays the developed film footage.
someone takes a seat and hands someone the book.
as she starts toward the house,
someone grips someone's arm as a frost giant steps in front of them.
on the sand, someone kicks off his flip-flops, and trots into the water, meeting the soldier in the surf.
the android climbs up on the disc and crouches, studying the control panel.
she steps aside.
the forceps slowly pull the creature out.
he raises their hands, and places them each on their own heads.
from the other side of a grimy window lined with figurines, we watch the car slow to a stop.
darling pulls someone into a fatherly embrace and slow dances with her, someone works his way over to them.
the creature throws out manfred's corpse.
someone jumps back, and someone raises his hands.
now, someone lies on her back.
this is a new interactive nu shu program.
someone examines its contents.
he chases after them.
someone winds a crank on the automaton's back.
in a vault, someone sneaks up on a banker.
someone dryly lowers her chin.
one more leaf falls.
the writer shifts his gaze thoughtfully.
someone drags someone away.
the repair truck's headlights flicker as do nearby lamps.
someone offers his hand but she heads inside ignoring him.
now, someone hurries into an open office of cubicles, past employees consulting clients.
he taps the starboard side and tosses a piece of fish.
someone watches him type.
tall plants block someone's view on either side as she heads farther back.
a tall shadowy figure arrives on the other side of her.
the blonde man pumps his arm overhead as he strides toward the waiting king who watches expressionless.
king someone draws his sword halfway from its sheath and offers its hilt to the baron.
someone crosses the roomy rundown apartment then doubles back to a door.
someone lowers his vengeful gaze.
someone sits on the terrace.
lounging in a chair, someone watches her go.
then jumps into the crawl space, his weapon still blasting.
someone tries his frittata.
someone opens a shoebox.
a silver haired man with a bowtie and a toothy smile approaches him.
positioning the chopper in front of the room, someone narrows her eyes and grips the weapon trigger.
someone watches the news.
someone staggers out of the crashed cab and waves his pistol at people standing by a bus.
the soldiers put on protective gloves and masks.
a monk seizes his arm.
toting his gun, someone climbs out of the cruiser and strides to the limo driver's side.
his lips spread into a smile.
someone checks his watch.
see attached.
someone frowns and gets to his feet, readying his gun.
as her parents watch, someone lays a short board across the table and starts to lean down.
as she runs back through a worn fence,
as a butterfly lands on a sprouting mushroom, the image focuses on a moss ridden monk.
they nod then drive off.
someone attacks again, but someone deftly parries each blow.
the injured man wraps an arm around his friend's shoulder.
grinning, the driver lifts his hand.
someone removes her sunglasses and faces her daughter with puffy eyes.
then steps through a door.
as the light flickers, clothes materialize on the metallic man.
grinning she puts on her top.
someone still has her back to him.
she lowers her zipper, which trails from her collar to the hem of her skirt.
he closes his hand over hers and stares into her eyes, taking in her earnest gaze.
a nearby man slips on a pair of leather gloves, then wiggles his fingers.
later, someone's leg pokes out from under a sheet.
someone stifles tears.
lifting an arm the fair-skinned beauty carefully removes her gas mask.
her comatose mother's chest rises and falls under her tracheostomy tube.
gripping a someone club, the inspector runs out the other end of the cafe.
she gives him a tender look,
smiling someone wipes the corner of someone's mouth.
her pregnant sister smiles, watching.
now in the hotel laundry, the men hide.
she extends a hand.
someone shoots the plane as it swoops overhead.
its headlights shine on someone and someone as they peer through the windows of a charming brick house.
he returns his gaze to the power plant, where men work frantically and dart about the facility.
the club owner replies with a gentle smile.
as we ride with her, the vehicles blur and distort.
the bearded man gazes toward bright light shining through the hole in the tower, then glances at a wall panel.
someone notices the others watching.
swirling winds sweep across the village splintering homes and extinguishing fires.
someone hops down before her.
she blows away a second one as they approach the hummer.
someone raises her brow, and sets her bible down.
someone squints at the doctor, then raises his eyebrows.
someone runs after him as someone huddles over dr.
he slaps her butt again.
she looks in the mirror.
he slaps his back.
someone pats his frustrated brother on the back.
with a disappointed look, he turns away from the mailbag.
on stage, the girl plays with closed eyes and a furrowed brow.
he looks up as someone approaches.
moves out and drops to his knees.
as the gunman shuts the door and waits,
someone tickles away.
in the hall someone faces someone.
he shrugs a hand helplessly.
in the auditorium the audience watches someone perform with the understudy.
opening it, someone grins at someone,
a horizontal assembly of pipes is shaped like a castle
someone notices someone watching him and heads toward her.
he folds his hands over his heart.
in the interrogation room, someone lowers his arm from the burly agent's throat and leaves.
as they flutter rapidly, the young woman rises into the air.
now our view rises from one the van's headlights to someone, who drives with a determined look in his eyes, wearing his chimpanzee mask.
now someone enters a someone.
someone steps through a doorway and finds someone drinking whiskey at a table near the bar.
with a furrowed brow, he finds pamphlets for sustengo then removes a sample box.
someone gazes off as he chews, then looks down at his plate.
someone rolls on the ground as frantic civilians scatter through the smoke and someone.
who zooms into it.
arms folded, she halts behind the ice cream eating pair.
someone pauses, her fingertips trailing down her friend's soft, round cheek.
he stands and they kiss each other's cheeks.
as he brings beer to a table set for two, someone notices a large chart featuring her exes.
later, his father repairs a clock in his shop, which is filled with various gears and mechanisms.
with a frightened look, he steps out and stares at a sleeping cat.
the driver reluctantly hands his boss a cellphone detonator with wires and electronics taped on.
someone notices the man watching him, but continues the drills.
now, someone brings someone a wine cooler.
as he stares at the bank statements in his hands, someone bridles.
his back to someone, someone barely slows his leisurely stride and leaves with his agents.
he goes straight in the hole.
in a deep dent on the hood, he notices a newspaper clipping lying under pebbles of shattered glass.
someone walks down the stairs in her new dress.
the troubled teen gives a small solemn nod.
someone glumly hangs up his jacket.
someone removes the photo from the wall.
the stunned fish feebly works its sharp-toothed jaws, blood seeps out beneath its gill.
poking it with a broom and a stick.
someone gazes down miserably.
gazing back at him, she summons a deep breath.
someone's side mirrors show ghost rider gaining.
someone rides along a track to a wide river with a wooden ferry.
someone scratches the stubble on his cheek and eyes the photo again.
the boy lowers his gaze.
someone climbs up the suvs rear and over the roof.
on stage, someone and several men dance while holding ropes that join them together.
someone looks away as she pretends to bite his neck.
someone sits by someone.
a bag's placed over his head.
someone loses her hold, and falls against the bulkhead.
she nods plainly.
one of someone's staff holds up a note - food.
someone stands with someones doctor at the foot of the bed.
a young blonde boy holding a woman's hand points toward them.
his thumb gently rubs her graceful jawline.
the twisted remains of the pickup truck lie a short distance away.
she leans over and hugs him from behind with a giddy smile.
he forces it to turn, but still nothing happens.
he graciously serves his guest.
someone and the other mutants follow him inside.
the mutant lightly taps it and it drops out of the window.
a bearded man joins them.
the image of the drowning site shows a dock on the vanger estate.
inside, the hostess takes four menus reading, "tavern on the green.
the alien knocks someone's gun hits someone with it.
as they move on a waitress intercepts them with a tray of pink hors d'oeuvre.
the glove's attached to a pole.
as he looks up at her blood stained face, her eyes glisten and she displays a big smile.
mortified, someone glances around the classroom.
the man who spoke has a black bag placed over his head.
someone child holds a pan.
someone glares at his father.
in a cockpit, he activates a computer with a three-dimensional holographic screen.
the car swings past the crane cab where someone operates the controls.
someone sets down his briefcase, and someone hands him a letter.
someone removes her sunglasses, and smiles lovingly at someone.
now at the ballpark, someone pitches a softball.
someone turns away and flies out the window.
later in the kitchen, someone holds a wad of cash.
he lifts his brow then meets her gaze.
now in her apartment, someone sits at a table.
they both sit back down.
a school faculty member comes out and spots the
turning, the creature slings his chain back, grazing someone's shoulder.
head lulls forward, someone's
as holloway steps around a large pedestal,
as he crosses to the house, someone tosses a set of keys to someone who joins someone to see the new car.
he kisses her.
the two men find a table.
discolored bumps on his skin spread and darken.
he finishes and returns to the bedroom.
meanwhile, the boy jogs up a grimy corridor filled with gears and steaming pipes.
now, someone sits at a kitchen table fanning herself with a magazine.
he drops his dagger, catches it with his free hand, then slashes and leg sweeps his foe.
someone removes the circular vent.
as her clock begins to count down, someone lifts her head off the pillow and gazes at it.
he stumbles.
returning to the first thug, he takes his money, too.
as two soldiers aim their weapons, he commands the guns to disassemble, then hurls them into the ground.
someone responds, "try something manlier," and includes a photo of a man in green spandex with a giant fake penis.
he wakes the guard in the security room.
someone and someone flinch as shots hit the windshield, leaving dents in the bulletproof glass.
meanwhile, two squirrels chase each other around the bodhi tree's trunk.
later, she sits at a table and writes on it.
joyfully.
the vampire grabs the ax and nearly splits someone's face.
someone leads someone inside, glancing out the windows as he marches along.
he switches on a lamp near someone's pillow.
the man collapses.
now, he unzips the side panel on the bag and retrieves a full-face mask.
at night, a goateed man sprints across the small town square.
scant light and shadows crisscrossing the street play across someone's face as he advances.
someone taps the boat's inner wall with his hatchet, the ducks into the canvas shelter.
he rises from his victim and holds up his hands.
he pats his blonde partner's shoulder and they approach the side door, pistols in hand.
he checks the knapsack again, then turns on the closet's overhead light.
lowering his chain, the rider sways side to side, his head tilting to and fro.
as the end of the bridge collapses, flames rip apart the spinning observatory, which then crashes into the water.
he takes down the other in a single strike.
someone's squints at them, stunned and knowing.
he touches a long casket like pod.
this is her with a peaceful gaze and she reaches out.
they leap apart as an energy beam flips over the car they were hiding behind.
it overlooks a tranquil river winding through verdant lands.
they head towards a wooden shack.
later, he holds his hand over her mouth,
he heaves it onto the canvas and turns starting down someone someone as fish continue flying by.
now, in someone's car, someone holds frozen peas over his eye.
now someone sits on a bench on the law schools quad and stares into the distance.
we watch him from above.
someone kicks him under the table, upsetting her purse.
nodding, someone stares down at the table.
she opens her eyes and glances at him then slowly slides out of bed.
he hands her an iced green tea beverage and goes inside.
he removes his jacket then his trousers.
they rush inside.
he abruptly grabs the someone and looks around warily.
agent someone jogs into a command center.
someone rubs his mouth.
a lanky man wearing a climber's helmet sits nearby.
the guard ogles the disguised man's full figure then follows, enthusiastically waggling his head.
now, someone grips the boy's wrists in one hand, and draws back his fist to punch.
as someone stares at his friend tenderly, someone gives a shy smile and fidgets.
someone shakes his head and glares.
he grabs a tube of paste.
his sneakers lift him into the air where he continues his assault.
someone watches as someone poutily hangs up.
keeping apace.
someone rumples his lips into a grin.
it crosses the bridge into hedestad.
stepping before someone, someone extends his hand.
someone smacks someone's chest.
her vision blurred, someone watches someone and an emt as they wheel her down a hallway.
the balding valet steps out from the restroom and spots her.
they rip through green netting and crash-land on a wooden platform.
now someone steps over the thin gunman's dead body and strides off.
in the air duct, the fan slows to a stop.
someone helps him gather bulging sacks.
grinning someone puts on sunglasses then speeds of across the water.
now at the fertility center, a middle-aged man sits on a waiting room couch texting while a younger woman at his side reads a magazine.
he gratefully blows kisses skyward.
in her year book photo, she wears a leather jacket.
running down the street with someone, someone slows to a halt.
on the factory floor, workers assemble mechanical parts with glowing blue components.
she smells the cash.
the fluttering silver creatures pelt his exposed torso.
a gentle breeze lifts someone's hair as she watches a tall, handsome man exit the porsche.
he glances around the office then screws up his piece of paper into a ball.
she hurries to her desk.
someone looks at someone, then rushes over.
the teen looks around cautiously then returns his attention to the water.
he lands wearing a dress.
elsewhere, someone plays golf with senator someone.
the cinderella man follows his wife's gaze.
he spots scrawny awkward kids.
the speeding car nearly hits them.
as she closes her eyes, someone regards his three children standing in a row.
the man lights a pipe.
which seem to stair back at him.
someone sits in the first row watching her daughter practice intensely.
the gang leader glances around the sidewalk.
he tucks radio into his breast pocket as she runs out of the vault.
with a furrowed brow, someone heads down to the water.
someone rises from his makeup chair.
standing reluctantly, someone paces toward her.
sitting at one of the tables, a woman calls out.
he gives a disappointed look.
someone gazes after them and his shoulders sag.
the monk lets go, his hand decomposing.
lying tensely on the bed someone eyes his phone and exhales nervously.
she points to a student of asian descent.
someone holds the bird inside a hoagie roll.
they all watch him expectantly.
he backs someone into the doorframe and the older man slumps to the floor clutching his shoulder.
the american expertly blocks his swinging fists and feet.
someone walks in wearing white robes and sandals.
they both see a horse charging straight for them.
she settles onto a window bench.
someone takes another call.
they pass homer who waits outside by their car with his own hostage.
someone adverts his gaze,
someone glances at someone as the guard leaves.
pausing in tracks.
now in a taxicab, someone dozes on her boyfriend's shoulder.
another bears his fangs.
the rockets hone in on the ships.
an article on someone rizzo's death shows a photo of the orchid design on his chest.
later the truck turns down a road bordered with well-tended flowering trees and shrubs.
someone regards the front end of someone's car and finds it similarly damaged.
he steps out with a grin and she gives him a big hug.
someone skips off after someone.
the limousine approaches.
someone cocks his head, then claims the upper hand, pinning his opponent's wrist to the table.
in his brightly lit living room, someone works on his car.
he takes gum from his mouth and sticks it on warren's badge.
the mustached man sits by her.
as someone races on, someone shoots back at their pursuer, then follows her.
a blonde woman holds out a casserole dish.
gaze at someone's discarded rebreather pack, someone finds three light sticks inside.
the cow that produced this liver was vegetarian, the pigs that went into these sausages were vegetarian.
later at the video store, someone smiles to herself as she takes the escalator downstairs.
it spirals around.
someone nods, averting his gaze.
he tilts his head back, and presses the cloth to his nostril.
below, the bookseller talks with a man wearing a cap.
in her own kitchen, someone sharpens a knife and slices the air.
someone moves unhappily through the crowd.
she sets it down and glances around.
someone hurls him into the wall of pipes.
she drops her admonished gaze.
she sits beside him on the couch as he puts on his glasses and opens the album.
pressing her hands to the door the teacher peers through a peep hole and sees someone as he joyfully move around.
as he enters the kitchen, she admires his toned back on the sly.
on the other side of the hedge a guy walks by.
from a ladder, someone climbs into view.
the guard closes the cell door and leaves.
a chubby lawyer puts an arm around someone who rests an elbow on the man's shoulder.
he leaves the pool and sits behind a computer housed inside an orange plastic case.
she opens a door and finds someone, someone, and someone lying in bed together under a blanket.
someone slides out of bed and stands.
as he dismounts and faces her.
with someone just behind him, the fighter passes two guards and looks around the packed arena.
she rolls her eyes, then unzips the coveralls revealing her full chest.
meanwhile, someone leads someone and his kids through a grove.
with a warm smirk, someone sits back on the bench.
she opens a locker, and pulls out a purse and a travel bag.
someone does some clumsy jump kicks.
something lifts someone and her bike into the air.
someone and someone scurry down a slanted roof.
he hustles someone out of the room.
he zips his fly.
a smile spreads across his face.
as more cars line up at the palace gate, several birds fly over the palace walls.
someone glances behind him and pulls himself up, then crawls to his feet at the bow.
someone holds his tender gaze.
they shoot the soldier without hesitation.
someone flips the british bird.
with a smile, someone hits a switch.
and dives gracefully into the water.
in a store, someone spies wennerstrom on tv.
the successful business woman meets her gaze with a challenging expression.
apple chunks explode over someone's head.
some punctuated with red.
someone faces someone, who waits in the hall.
rise and rise again until lambs become lions.
someone sends a cell call from someone to her voicemail.
she finds a $5 someone inside.
as someone wraps his arms around someone from behind,
someone raises his eyes for the first time and glares at someone.
bending toward the clock's gears, someone drops a wrench through an opening.
the programmer plops down before his computer and types frantically.
watching him calmly, someone crouches down and takes up the rope tether.
someone runs out in the stands.
the soldier strides onward, brushing past two men in bulletproof vests.
she stares tenderly at it.
he tries again.
someone leans out from behind the couch and shoots expertly.
her mother brings a small pot and lifts the lid.
someone arches her head way back.
he blinks earnestly.
he pensively floats the camera side to side, then above him.
someone glances at her, then shakes her head.
someone uncurls a third finger.
someone faces the customer.
an aerial view shows mr.
someone glances over his shoulder then gives someone her beret back.
someone looks down at the report, then holds it up to the others.
someone cocks his pistol.
someone looks into our hovering camera view.
in the ragtop, someone ends the call and glances at someone.
she looks up at him.
later, she sits by a window.
someone puts on a beaming smile.
they explore the room.
the woman leans forward and studies the baby's face.
they approach a tudor style house.
she puts on an overcoat.
the vehicles separate.
the two men sip their beers.
someone leaves the room.
outside, someone shifts on her feet, her face seizing with grief.
the rider springs up and jumps on the back of one of the other horses as it gallops away.
someone turns around, and sees someone.
the boy climbs on top of the raft.
as an alien lunges forward, a shot blasts open its groin.
later, someone passes the building's front desk.
someone takes an uneasy breath and sips red wine.
at a party they view a canvas that features industrial looking stenciling.
the officers place the couple in side-by-side cells.
turning, someone wraps her arms around him and lays him back against the dune.
finding the elevator out of service, she heads up the winding rectangular staircase.
dropping the book on the coffee table,
someone puts it on under a denim jacket.
she fixes a scrutinizing gaze on him.
he hurries away.
someone looks out a window then exits.
the eye opens.
someone spots an open doorway and moves into the next room.
eating her breakfast, the little girl shakes her head.
he spots a sports car.
he releases mr.
in the bank's supply room, one of the robbers digs more at the hole in the corner and scoops dirt into the trash bag lined box.
as someone turns to his thugs with a grin, someone continues sawing at his bond.
the box falls to the floor and springs open.
he opens the screen door and steps outside.
her helmet's computerized view shows long, low entrances carved into the dome's base.
later in an elegant restaurant, someone uneasily scans her surroundings, then looks to someone.
someone stands, then leaps onto the plane's back wheel mount as the bomber takes off.
the mastermind leaves as someone and someone approach a desk.
someone gazes after her.
massive explosions tear through the factory, destroying the half-built equipment.
he keeps his gaze and flashlight trained on someone, who feels along the wall of deposit boxes.
someone faces him, then sinks into a leather armchair positioned opposite the bench.
in the adjacent room, someone puts on a long-sleeved shirt.
she descends subway stairs.
someone holds her hand to her face and stares at someone.
he raises a gun.
someone faces the stocky man as the other soldier unmasks the dead assassin.
someone pushes snowy in the lifeboat over the side of the ship.
now a status bar shows the authorization reaching 29%.
she offers a gentle sympathetic smile.
later, wearing a wide-brimmed hat she stands in one of the plots of her spacious garden.
sitting beside someone, she stares at someone.
relaxing, she tilts her head and cocks an eyebrow.
the bottle's now three-quarters full.
someone reaches out and touches someone' extended palm.
elsewhere, the creature moves through a tunnel as the light from fireworks flickers on the walls.
in her dressing room, someone bites into a slice of pizza.
someone grabs his bike.
someone makes a heart shape with her hands.
someone glances at someone then gulps down her drink.
smiling he takes out a bottle of whiskey.
they seal the doors.
someone struts inside leaving the double doors open.
the flames spread quickly devouring the stacked hay and greenery.
the stepmother faces someone's friend.
a brown-haired saleswoman approaches someone.
the tiger bats it gently, sniffs it, and sticks his face in.
a someone, reader, yates and someone subsidiary," and leads the guests into the dining area.
with the phone still to his ear, someone aims a handgun as he cautiously steps toward the hole.
they burst into someone's office, and find him on the phone.
he leaves the photo wedged in the motorcycle's seat.
flames shoot out of the back of the car as it shoots forward.
the track under the last railcar gives out and the railcar flips forward forcing someone and someone to run on to the next.
someone turns back towards the room the others are in.
someone lies down staring at someone.
she watches as someone plops down on a bench.
where is he?
young someone sits the bloody driver back.
the boys splash each other rambunctiously.
he steps back into the room.
someone feels someone's face.
someone's mother takes someone's hand in hers, then pulls her into
she carries a suitcase and a basket, and walks away from the house.
she rolls her eyes.
someone looks around bewilderedly.
his grip on someone's forearm gives way and the gang leader lets him go.
someone takes off his jacket and drops it in the doorway.
below him the sea pours over a cliff and falls into the vast reaches of outer space.
later they dine.
more surround him as he attempts to lie in the makeshift hammock.
someone closely examines a twirling ballerina inside a pink jewelry box.
someone carry him.
someone's chin holds the coconut at someone's crotch.
he slams the door,
he picks it up, and takes a drink.
he slams the door.
broom which nudges a push broom awake.
one does a handstand and wraps her thighs around the doorman.
he blows on his cupped hands.
now, an underwater robot stretches out a claw and picks up the glowing blue energy cube off the ocean floor.
frowning, someone stares, lines showing on his forehead.
someone steers the plane away from the church's steeple,
he glances at her low-cut top then ogles her.
standing beside someone, short-haired general someone studies the silver someone ii suit hanging inside.
someone towers over his writhing opponent, then faces his teacher.
she shoulders him right off the bench.
she looks back.
he nods then looks forward.
phillips' eyes shift from the glass shards to a large blood stain.
he stops someone who also wears a tux.
someone emerges on the other side of a door
the can, the alien crams it in his molar.
someone looks sharply at someone.
someone ducks down.
in slow motion, a pirate wearing a plumed hat strides down the length of a burning mast.
his aging wounded vessel limp from the chest down, the devil drags himself across the sand.
they're standing in front of huge prints of intertwined tubes.
at home, the kids play air hockey.
rounding a corner, he leads his friends past walls of steaming pipes.
the cat leaps on to someone's face.
the frightened teen arms herself with the screw driver.
someone gets out a leather-handled box.
the screen goes white,
he shuts snowy in the apartment building.
overhead fluorescents flicker on.
he tests the water with his toes then drops in.
our view rolls, landing in the grass.
he toasts the second man.
indoors, a blonde teenage girl attaches light-up letters to a metal frame, which she displays in a window.
then slips her arm through his.
the gangster's car speeds off down the depleted river basin.
she squeezes water out of a washcloth.
then gazes.
the inspector stands with his back to someone.
he knocks with the butt of his rifle.
watching video of the holographs in her quarters, someone speaks into a recorder.
the others stare.
a passing woman stares at someone.
a person wearing a bulky, black armored suit drops inside the dome and lands in front of someone and someone.
on one bus, the female robber, someone, watches more suspects file down the aisle.
someone dashes from the living room just before the owner comes in.
the cars explode, bounce along the road, then crash into walls on both sides of the course.
as it pushes the creature back, someone creeps out, snatches the pearl and joins his friends.
someone gives a proud smile, and shrugs.
lowering her gaze to the case, she removes its remaining injection, and stares at the lime-green serum in the syringe's barrel.
the woman stops him.
he continues on.
someone leans forward peering through the windshield with narrowed eyes.
from a bag, she produces a plush alligator and hands it to him.
she steps back and they exchange smiles.
she unwraps the slender book with the bright cover.
he looks at it, then thoughtfully rubs it against his chin.
swiveling in the chair, she spots a framed photo of a bowling team.
our view looks down on the two friend's faces.
elsewhere, someone and someone tour a bustling hydra factory.
standing nearby, someone stark pulls a switch.
out in the yard, someone, an african-american gi, drops beside dugan inside the armored vehicle.
someone hikes up his pants as he enters the main office.
someone turns away and paces restlessly.
he slams her against a brick wall clutching her throat.
furrowing his brow, someone stares at her, then glances toward a sunlit window.
with gloved hands, someone unwraps it as someone watches.
someone shakes her head and drops her face in her hands.
strobe lights flash and giant block letters spelling burlesque light up onstage.
elsewhere at night, someone steps over rubble and someone as she walks through a bombed out pub.
she turns a corner, peers down another hallway,
someone reaches the orb at the top of the transmitter.
someone leads someone and someone toward the distant
she thoughtfully folds her arms.
someone walks at the head of a large crowd.
with their flippers up, the line of penguins walks past the metropolitan museum of art.
both of the men avert their gaze.
she joins him.
the guys lift their heads, fixated on the creature.
now he approaches someone's house.
someone faces the fallen american boy who looks up, his face grimacing helplessly.
outside the sun peeks through thick rolling clouds.
someone looks at her wrists, then at someone, his back turned to the wakening girl.
now she enters an apartment.
licking his lips, someone lowers his gaze.
she collects her purse and jacket, and heads for the door.
facing forward, someone spies someone hiking up from the water with a fishing pole in one hand and a huge fish in the other.
squeezes his eyes shut.
someone thrusts out someone, knocking someone backward into the bifrost transport tunnel.
nail tipped stick.
he shakes his padded someone suit to the floor.
as someone disappears down the long driveway her sister's boyfriend wraps his arm around someone.
someone answers his cell.
someone's face, and he bends backwards evading them.
the older man readies his gun as they near the abandoned delivery truck.
she picks up the gift and peeks around.
at a hydra airfield, someone approaches a stool bearing  a bottle of white wine and a glass.
amid the shoppers, two teenage girls ride up the escalator.
he grabs some of the dessert and feeds it to her.
he catches himself on a railing and clings to it as he beams down at the churning, roiling ocean.
mr. edelweiss lands atop a quaint vardo styled wagon.
someone squats down and looks behind a metal utility shelf.
she unbuckles her seat belt and they share a tight embrace.
someone smiles and shakes his head.
inside, someone walks to the door and checks the peephole.
he grabs the steel handle and tugs.
since i was a boy, my father made the finest suits in dusseldorf.
someone pushes the door open.
meanwhile, someone makes a call.
he takes her hand.
someone steps up to the register.
she stops in her tracks and grins.
someone gives him some more slack and someone repositions himself on the ledge.
the newlyweds share a quick kiss, then flee the museum gallery with their small group of friends.
opposite him, someone holds someone.
a book entitled, real home-cooking, shows a chubby american woman.
his wing brushes someone's face again.
she rubs the crest with her finger.
they part and someone slides her hands back down his chest as he presses his lips to her
now in a gallery at the whitney museum, someone and someone face a gray canvas covered with chalky scribbles.
someone wears an enraptured smile.
dusting contritely shifts his arms at his sides.
the mohawked man moves down a few spots.
someone works his jaw driving his blue convertible past them.
the invisible man dog casts a shadow.
inside, the boys and someone peek out from behind the wagon, as mr. edelweiss, now enormously round like a balloon, descend to someone.
someone turns and pretends to punch out a hitler impersonator sneaking up behind him.
he uncovers a blueprint and studies it.
olives meets his earnest gaze.
someone rubs a dusty arabian oil lamp, then picks it up.
the salesgirl glances at him as she sets down the last of her merchandise.
now someone slows his pace as they reach a courtly-logged boathouse.
someone approaches someone, who pulls her close to him.
holding a cooking utensil in each hand, someone drops them on a plate.
now a friend stands by as someone fits her violin case in her locker.
the bald thug cocks the gun and strolls up the chopper's loading ramp into its interior's red glow.
furrowing his brow, someone trades look with his fighter.
he glances toward the ship then swiftly grabs another flare.
someone proudly watches his departure.
chalice castle, france, 1199 a.d. now, with his hood pulled off his
the veteran caver peers through the opening into another darkened chamber.
he smiles at someone.
someone grins and someone shrugs his brows.
the door swings shut behind him.
he doubles back.
someone faces his son.
someone sits with his back to someone and the rest of the table.
taking point, someone cautiously scans his surroundings with his weapon ready, as he leads the others in.
now, in a coat and knit hat, someone lights a cigarette as she walks down a sidewalk.
outside, someone and his men step out of their car.
sneering, he hurries into the rear courtyard.
someone rushes out of the room.
following him, someone drops her high heels and loses the button-down shirt.
the sheriff rides off and two other men on horseback follow.
someone joins his guys.
she presses a three-inch cloth strip onto the wax.
someone presses the knob of his walking stick to his lips.
someone picks up the drawing and stares at it.
several hydra troopers enter the hold and run along the catwalk.
later, under blankets, the family watches someone get blown across a snowy cabin.
the mad angel leaps from the bed and together they fly through darkness.
its front end smashed and bumper hanging
someone stands on the sidewalk and watches her go.
on the dusty scrub land below, someone rides back towards someone and his three gang members,
later he drags someone through a jog.
on a courtroom set, a hand claps a slate before the camera.
now, the guys walk the empty football field with flashlights.
they plunge into the leak-filled pool as the helicopter lands on the flaming truck.
someone stage lights glisten on her shiny silver dress, as she swings her hips.
gas tank pocketing his wallet, he eyes the pumps display.
the race begins and the animals burst onto the track.
someone looks to someone, who grins and gives an encouraging nod.
cutting another line, he swings over the melee, slashing at pirates before kicking two of them in the face.
someone walks up to his mother and takes her hand briefly,
now, his wing sticks out of the driver's window of his corvette as he pulls up in front of a house.
someone holds someone's gaze.
agent someone hangs up.
the three hunters sit motionless.
he steps out of the cell and notices the surveillance camera.
beaming joyfully, the young singer songwriter faces the cheering audience.
the men stare at him.
then turns towards the black smoke rising from the crash site.
someone glances around, then joins her friend at someone's bedside.
he gets a stick.
now the aging announcer wears a fedora as he looks out at the empty ballpark.
someone slips past her, gazing after the older woman.
as someone stares at the ringing phone, someone walks back to his own desk.
someone slides down the tin chute.
a teardrop travels down his face and neck.
someone shuts him in.
sobered, he races back inside.
a title swoops into view.
the elephant gulps down the jam with his trunk.
facing him, the rider breaks into a march.
someone lunges pushing the ghoul to the next rail car ahead.
spraying blood soaks half his face.
creating an eight foot crater.
she sprinkles fairy dust.
the minotaur hits the tree trunk headfirst.
water bursts upwards as it skips to another wave.
inside, someone stabs a vampire with a bayonet attached to the butt of his ax.
he puts his foot through a bass guitar and falls into the band members.
now at home, someone sits on a sectional with her mom and brother.
holding someone on his lap, someone notes his straining someone.
someone indicates his cuffed hands.
machine gun fire whizzes by, narrowly missing them.
each wearing an identical black, silver, and red mini-dress.
he whirls the chain above his head, then strikes another.
he stares at the wig form.
someone leads alicia to the staircase, firing a shotgun.
someone puts a steadying hand on it.
now outside, the kids sit facing new york harbor.
someone watches him leave, then stares at the table top.
someone watches her stagger back.
furrowing his brow, someone scrutinizes his telepathic colleague.
as someone backs out of her spot, her old mentor tosses her keys down onto her car's trunk.
someone hovers the cursor over an arrow icon to continue to the next image.
as one checks someone's clock, a sharp cheek boned man in black approaches.
now, patrons ride an escalator in the center of an indoor sunlit mall.
the beaten boy lies on his side, his arm clutching his stomach.
he drains his drink and someone sips her
as someone drives at him, someone slams up on the hood, then slides to the pavement.
in the or, gloved hands use a trimmer to shave the hair above someone's right ear.
someone swings his hammer into another frost giant then fends of several attacks.
as they kiss, someone jumps on the bed.
he watches someone kneel at his mother's bedside.
he arrives at a world map highlighting the united states and soviet union, then points out the strategic location.
he shifts his stare to the window.
someone chases the leader on foot.
he opens his mouth and breathe
now our view soars over the city.
he looks over his shoulder at someone who sits slumped and blindfolded on the floor.
someone sets a notepad beside her computer.
someone pouts then licks his lips.
the wheel crashes down on a trailer.
beast tackles someone and they disappear.
now, outside an apartment building, someone smooths his hair and suit.
a male performer dressed in a sequined costume stands with his hands over his mouth.
he leads them into the hallway in a line.
someone sips a cocktail.
her hand reaches out and interlaces with his.
he points his wand.
she sets the wine aside.
at the coffee shop, someone mimes drinking, holding out his hands while opening his mouth wide, then pretends to pour something.
someone writes something and hands it to someone.
a glowing blue lotus flower quickly dissolves and forms into someone's beautiful mother.
her expression tender, someone leans her lips toward his.
someone blinks back tears.
someone slices a knife across the palm of his hand.
a tear escapes someone's eye and he gives a brief smile.
and his father strokes his short hair.
the boy gazes up at him.
in reply, he lets his hands move from her hips to the small of her back.
he grabs a napkin and starts to mop it up, but collapses onto the table and rolls to the floor.
they gaze into the sky at the drifting mother ship.
as someone shoots a gangster.
the men wear skullcaps.
someone's left leg lies in a brace.
someone tauntingly shrugs his hands apart.
she briskly strides to the phone and picks up.
gears and sprockets fill the automaton's chest cavity.
someone slides into the rink wall under the opposing team's box.
someone and someone take deep breaths.
he taps someone's shoulder.
someone rests his hands on his knees and leans close to the americans.
someone picks up the book, sits against the base of the tree and begins to read.
he unfastens his brace.
she pauses as he gets to his feet.
as our view shifts, the flashlight passes over a high ceilinged open office space.
as someone hugs her, someone spies someone helping her kids pick out clothes in a gift shop.
situated before a crosswalk.
spar meets his pleading gaze.
the outside group charges past a donkey cart.
someone hurries over to a small trailer and pulls on its locked doors.
the buddhist, captain and the sailor shove him onto the boat.
crystal chandeliers hang from the ceiling.
someone mimes grabbing someone's waist, repeatedly thrusts her hips, then holds her heart.
she collapses over onto the sofa.
the sleek ford passes undetected in the alley beside them.
as they burst apart, the squid becomes a school of scattering fish.
with the life preserver looped over the prow beam, a huddled, shivering someone sits in the rain while clinging to the mast with his hands.
the man glances down at a number printed on his own shirt.
he and his companions stand at the edge of a cliff.
someone buttons a black satin vest over his shirt.
ahead, the walls of the tunnel widen and the ceiling rises slightly.
as the door lowers, someone stops halfway down, wielding the menacing weapon.
someone's nose pierces the outer wall of the larger ship, creating a fiery explosion.
two of the three angles show the someone entering the cottage through a wooden side door.
someone sits in an easy chair in a coffee lounge reading a book.
at his house, adult someone's eyes glisten.
someone looks over someone's shoulder.
someone looks nervously between the cabin and the approaching posse.
in a waiting area, someone sits beside her father with tears in her eyes.
later on a highway, the hummer passes a welcome to los angeles sign.
his daughter watches as he fits the new casserole dish inside.
she stops the track and adjusts the audio levels, then replays the recording with her eyes closed.
with a heavy blink, she lifts her brown eyes to meet his.
he buckles himself in.
she allows a faint smile.
moving closer to the door, someone stops and glances back at someone.
in the hive, someone and her coworkers listen as the office ers move through the dark cottage.
they interrogate the narrow eyed man.
someone leads his companions to the edge of a construction site.
he watches as the guard helps her take a seat.
someone enter, putting in an earring, and fastens a string of pearls around someone's neck.
someone turns the back of his neck to her.
the stallion knocks someone off someone sending him tumbling across the dirt.
someone tosses him a can.
in slow motion, he and someone leap out of the shattered window as the chopper's nose collides with the building.
they shake hands, hug, then head to someone's suv.
as someone gazes off, his eyes forlorn, someone listens intently.
now, someone's parents show their daughter a card.
to his cheek, spewing blood and tissue.
at the bottom she grabs the bag and races on to a train.
she picks up holloway's ring, studies it, then slides it the ring finger of her left hand.
someone leads someone into the room where the officer opens a purse.
the group faces the burning wreckage.
the missile drives him high into the sky.
arriving at another vent cover, she sets her rifle aside and unscrews the grating with her finger.
someone's plane moves closer.
snowflakes drift down and the girls try to catch them.
someone walks slowly.
outside, someone runs away from the obstacle course.
the mercedes barely zips pass a truck which blocks the road.
he looks up, admiring the scratch-o-matic.
someone plays the audio file.
they gawk at the dead man's hollowed out abdomen.
straightening, she slaps his chest to the music.
it quickly curls over him and he vanishes in the barrel.
pausing, he slowly goes back into the room.
he points at the cake, then backs into the hall.
on a grassy hill, someone fires a cap gun at someone who is dressed like a zombie.
they peer closely at each other.
someone marches out.
someone leans closer, then picks the scrap up,
inside, someone's captor readies a needle.
adjusting the black belt at her narrow waist she strides out and turns off the kitchen light.
and someone remains in the dominant position.
someone lowers his head.
two cars collide as he screeches to a halt.
break in half, bathing everything in a green glow.
he addresses someone.
a woman wearing high-heeled shoes walks past someone's toyshop.
someone ends the call and faces someone.
someone and someone respectfully get to their feet.
his guns fall from his grasp as he struggles against the vampire holding him.
the creature lowers someone to the ground, glances at the children, then speeds back to the chamber.
she jumps from the platform and swings out over the net.
he approaches, tray in hand.
without breaking eye contact with someone, someone draws a gun from his boot and shoots the underlings.
his eyes shut, someone rests his head next to someone's.
someone glances up and across the room.
later, the low sun casts a shimmering beam across the sapphire blue ocean.
someone plunges a knife into moon's chest.
someone playfully bites her neck.
she kisses her fingers, pats her hand over her heart, then raises it skyward.
he charges and tackles her to the ground.
as someone stares, the vampires attack the slaves.
elsewhere, a woman opens a door for someone and her children.
she nods to her friend and they both face their terminals.
the helmet descends into someone's hands.
the knight's chest heaves and a few coins lies scattered beside him.
he spots a poem titled my sister.
as someone crawls onward, doyle chucks the cup in the trash.
behind him, someone watches with an admiring smile as she rides away.
at dusk someone takes a drag off a cigarette as she arrives outside an apartment building.
someone smiles tightly and someone shakes his head.
a soldier fires a rocket launcher.
someone runs into the road as a car emerges from the mist, narrowly missing him.
someone dances and the others close their bibles.
his hair mussed and his jaw slack.
he smiles at someone and directs her gaze out the windshield.
she sits on the couch.
it widens and he climbs down a ledge, his eyes squinting into a dim chamber.
someone grabs someone's sleeve for balance but it rips and he plummets off the roof.
lord someone faces someone.
she strides up a walkway toward daylight.
the stranger bumps a table, then rushes nauseously into the back hall where he pushes his way in to a men's room.
passing someone, someone happens upon someone.
he glances back to the lookout turret.
someone touches the tip of his hat and walks to his truck.
she leaps over a man crouching on the ground and he glances after her.
he points a gun.
turning around, he waves the truck on board as it reverses into position.
he leads her to the penguins who watch someone.
she averts her gaze as someone stares crestfallen, someone leans toward him.
in the alley, the people in coveralls unload a dolly from the van.
a daily mail billboard reads, captain america to receive medal for valor.
the women smile as they stitch.
on another street, someone zips through traffic, using both sides of the road.
wearing an emotional someone, someone collapses.
windows overlook the ballpark.
the girls swap a look.
someone rises from his throne at the center and eyes the timepiece.
later, he rides beside someone in the truck up a desert road.
she punches the guard and wraps the cord around his neck.
someone gives a dopey smile.
slouched in another seat, someone stares at her dying mother.
he yanks someone to his feet.
her and other ex-colleagues are wearing way to go, someone t-shirts.
a carriage rides past the mist-enshrouded white house.
swimming underwater, he grabs her ankle and pulls her back.
its window, he opens it then jogs across the street to the someone' car.
spar lazily looks over from his boulder.
someone arrives in a dark green jeep.
outside, someone sneaks up to a window as someone in a plus-size track suit.
now, they kneel at a shrine.
as someone drives past, someone swings the whip in his left hand and slices off the front of someone's car.
the men aim their guns.
going inside, someone tosses the camcorder down.
someone stands and follows someone.
bright light shoots from the guardians visor and incinerates the fleeing frost giants.
she stares off, then glances back as someone clenches her jaw and strokes the strings with force.
wearing headphones, someone enters a lift.
someone raises his gun.
smiling, she turns on her side.
now she steps onto a busy sidewalk.
on the lofty observation ledge, a service light glows amber in contrast to a row of stark floodlights.
now, the helicopter lands and someone hops off with a masked soldier.
spreading his arms wide, the pilot leans back as if playing an organ.
the pixie-faced girl frowns and hurries away.
someone kisses pepper.
he notices her louboutins.
someone twirls his gun in his hand and goes to his saddle bag.
the central pieces slide together and form a title as the picture around them fades to black.
someone crawls out.
beyond a large reflecting pool in the lobby, the family arrives.
hidden behind a hill, someone, someone, someone, and someone watch as someone climbs off the chopper and heads toward the mansion.
someone reaches into his pocket.
someone enters and stops short as he sees someone in the dining room.
diving deeper into the abyss.
he stares at his weary defeated reflection.
her cheeks flushed.
he dials again.
he watches someone lounge on some rocks.
opening a tackle box holding makeup, someone stands in front of someone.
he holds out a monkey puppet.
someone stands and
he throws himself out of the passenger's side door then scrambles to his feet.
someone furiously crumples the drawings as someone tries to grab his hands.
someone dances from side to side, knocking over a ceramic vase.
he enters a pantry.
as someone unfolds it and skims its contents, more pentagon agents filter into the control room.
he returns the phone to someone.
someone lays the ax in a chest.
someone turns an ear toward the screened off backseat.
bespectacled someone stares at him.
someone drives his fist into someone's stomach.
still smiling, someone locks her eyes on someone as he gazes at the faces of the cheering soldiers all around him.
someone screams as he watches his partner collapse onto his back.
he considers a ground tiller.
someone struts off.
she sets out crudits.
peeking around the corner, he finds someone moving through a parking lot with affected nonchalance.
which overlooks the amphitheater in the surrounding ruins.
now, they sit outside smoking.
the words topple over, landing on the pavement.
someone crouches down beside her with a furrowed brow.
they barely sing.
blood caked on her shoulder.
a willowy blonde girl sits on the bed.
someone buries her face in her gloved hands.
she slips in and opens a cabinet revealing circuit breakers.
inside, someone passes through another doorway and someone' men grab her.
the typewriter bounces, jostling the sentence's period.
he defeats two more opponents then spins around and strikes an attacking soldier in the chest.
someone pinches cheese stretching to her lips.
as he sprinkles her with more kisses,
later, she reaches a building surrounded by a tall wrought iron fence.
it misses the ottoman and lands on the floor.
scientist plants his feet, facing his companions with a sober expression.
then she can eat the sausage, the rice and the gravy or you can cook your own food.
his hand reaches out taking a gentle hold of someone.
now traffic comes to a standstill where seven lanes merge into two.
he shyly zips his
in it, an anguished three-eyed face lets out a scream, its red uvula visible through its gaping mouth.
he studies her as she sits at her desk
now, a wide view shows pale light shining through the hole casting the cavern in a purple-tinged glow.
she switches on the laptop
water rises to form a trident in the hero's hand.
someone follows his wife.
his eyes scan over a russian detective's phone number and settle on groginski.
an icon flashes with the words no signal.
the news vendor smiles as he approaches the woman and her dog.
clinging by his legs, he opens his arms.
he offers her a ring box.
someone glances at his mentor then heads off.
leaning on a fence, someone and someone watch someone feed a horse.
now, tall windows in a stained glass ceiling allow weak sunlight into a vast deserted ballroom.
one rips a vampire apart.
also in black, someone jogs out from a church and looks around.
he stares into the water.
someone blinks back tears and shakes her head.
inside the plant, a drill bores into the deposit box.
he responds with a sneer.
a nearby guard opens the door and peeks out.
at pleasure pizza, someone ladles sauce over shredded cheese on a disk of dough.
someone clenches the steering wheel.
rolls out, heads into the road and drives straight into the side of a parked.
someone runs off.
which reads, the eagles have landed.
someone watches regretfully as he shuffles away.
someone rushes to the mansion.
his father stares at his tearful savage glare.
she pulls into a space in the parking lot.
the teenager turns to face the semi-circle of police.
someone holds out her hands.
someone looks concerned.
his gaze drifts to a road which cuts through a desolate field toward the flat horizon.
then she turns around and smiles at someone.
as he slips them off, someone pushes them down with one foot.
she types unit on scene 13:48 hours, then answers an incoming call.
someone takes the ring from the chancellor.
now, a window reflects burning candles and frames someone and someone as they walk up to the house.
a male fairy stands at a control station.
someone gets to his feet, his sober gaze locked on the dead man.
the revving vintage car starts to backup then lurches to a halt.
she glares at him, aiming the hose.
as someone offers his mic to some fans, someone watches peacefully.
tweets and text messages from supportive fans hover over a city skyline at night.
someone strokes the cockatoo which is perched on his knee.
she finally lets go and holds him at arm's length.
the defending champion lingers in the hallway.
the person sitting on the stool reaches down and pets a small white dog.
he raises his head from the pond and looks around.
he takes her into the bedroom.
one hoof slips off, bouncing the branch.
now they watch someone on tv.
someone eyes the cockpit, where beast works the controls.
at the expo, a navy drone marches and fires its guns.
below, a police cruiser arrives at the crash site.
she pushes him away.
the inspector releases someone who carries the automaton to someone.
as he pushes open the curtains on the front windows,
performers dress backstage.
banging it, they stand inches apart.
at the table, someone closes his sketchbook.
he tries to give sister a kiss, but she shies away.
someone stands beside him holding a gun to his cheek.
someone's lying on the couch holding his hands and feet in the air and slowly moving them back and forth.
as it swims away, a hand appears under the glass.
back on the ride, little someone points as she spots the suv.
someone touches her forehead reassuringly, then turns off the light.
someone notes the time on a clock positioned above him.
she sets it down and crosses her home.
as he struggles to keep his balance, it overtakes him and he disappears again.
she shows her lower back.
behind him, a boy smashes a side view mirror with a bat.
he peers at someone then withdraws.
the car skid backwards and the humans fly through the air.
crossing the street, someone picks up her pace as she finds her lost friend.
someone gets an extra straw.
the priest heads off and someone follows leaving his wife alone in bed.
someone breaks into a smile and throws his arm around the beaming someone.
he remember smashing the bottle with his fist and the contract pages flipping by themselves.
under someone's compassionate gaze, someone hangs her head then steps away.
someone arrives at his side and leans against a pillar.
next, he hops from its end to a point three feet in.
someone strolls over as his guards untie the boy.
he joins someone, wrapping an arm around her as she leans against him.
he presses the tip to the paper making a period.
pepper makes a phone call.
he glances from his alien arm to the open door.
a black boy sits beside her.
winks as he crosses the room with a group of well-dressed friends.
someone leans into the bomb, her arms stretching toward the wire.
he grabs his coat from a hook, picks up his bag, and hurries downstairs.
later, they pull up to the new house where some construction workers take a break in the yard.
someone steps out, her eyes puffy and red.
facing the car once again, she leans down to peak at someone through the window.
later at home, someone practices chopping.
his expression grows resolute and he thrusts out his wrist.
using a forklift, he sets a recliner chair down in front of a wall of flat screen televisions.
someone enters someone's bedroom.
now a weathered sign reads auntie em's garden emporium.
someone gets a text.
the click the wafers together as if in a toast then pop them in their mouths.
the tiny camera sits mounted on the right lens.
they kiss cheeks and someone joins the other men in the living room.
she sees stacks of flyers.
as he makes his way into a shop, a butterfly flits off a table.
the second massive stub crashes into the ground behind them, and the ship keeps rolling.
now someone faces a black customer.
toting the cricket bat, he heads over and places the letters on the sill above the seat back.
she looked at the fan and could not allow things to end as they had,
and gently lifts her head.
a thug aims his rifle at her.
someone bites his lips, then looks up resolutely.
elsewhere, the police database finds a match for the kidnapper's print.
outside, homer grabs a man and holds him hostage.
someone takes a photo of the counters.
someone spies someone on the move, buttoning his shirt.
someone shows someone a spray canister.
she glances back toward someone with parted lips, then continues out.
he digs around and some bits of yellow cornbread fall out.
in front of him, dozens of men and women in the choir wear white robes and hold songbooks as they sing soberly.
someone opens the lobby door and hurries upstairs holding a box of cupcakes.
someone glares at his phone then takes off his watch and hands it to a nun.
they enter a conference room.
someone flashes a polite smile at someone, who follows someone and someone out.
through the glass enclosure, we view the lawyer explaining.
someone climbs in back.
he types out another line, slides the carriage.
now they clean a tennis court.
staring, someone approaches the intergalactic map.
puts her feet in the stir-ups and the doctor
the string leads to a chair where mama ronzoni sits knitting.
someone flings his shield, striking someone and smashing him into the energy mechanism which begins to spark and flicker with blue light.
the driver faces a sign picturing them.
the rugged brother slams tucks against the chopper.
it flares its quills.
he moves the side stick forward.
someone drops the shield as he flies backward out of the train.
he has dazzling smile.
outside, someone spots a soldier wrapped in barbed wire.
in a passenger car set with small tables, someone sits opposite two strangers.
as he throws up his hands, a ring of fire suddenly appears around someone.
he takes it then lifts his gaze to the helipad.
someone's buddies restrain him.
he straightens his cousin's lapels, taps him on the chest, then turns and heads for the door.
inside, the boy attaches a handle to the clockwork mechanism and cranks it.
beyond him, a circle of field hockey players stretch out on the 50-yard line.
another blast of sea-spray drenches the teen.
then returns his attention to the bedroom.
someone taps his fork against his plate and sets it down.
he finds a penguin eating from a tipped trashcan.
someone adjusts a screw in a clock's mechanism.
the shot ricochets, distracting him, and the rockets fall.
they ascend.
the someone pass colorful flower beds as they approach the building.
he exits the cottage.
as the telepath collapses, a stunned someone lowers her pistol and someone sadly sees his friend fall.
he pushes her back with his stick.
in the millennium offices a goateed man approaches someone.
the tanker approaches below.
on another day, his mother holds it as they sit at a waterfront cafe.
she sets the weapon down and turns away, twirling the candy in her mouth.
sitting near by, holloway drinks fluids.
he addresses the joint.
later, he hefts the bucket into the lifeboat, setting it on the seat at the stern.
someone hurries into the circle and helps her lover to his feet.
male dancers attach rope lights to someone's arms and waist.
in a flashback, someone works as a waitress, wearing a short black dress with a white apron and frilly white hat.
someone holds his crutches out as he runs separately.
standing by a rotating film reel, he glances back over his shoulder and frowns.
as she runs off, someone wears a muted smile.
the tiger grabs a meerkat in his teeth and swings its lifeless body.
two feet of ocean water rocks from side to side in the boat.
someone grabs his arm.
someone high fives them as they enter.
someone rubs someone's back.
her eyes turn yellow.
glowing blue particles swarm within.
someone sees a car pull up.
as someone jumps one of the horses, he falls off his own.
his breath clouds the air.
a sound technician wearing headphones gazes at the audience.
as she nears the end of one alley, her gaze falls on a metal fire escape ladder against the side of an apartment building.
smiling at each other they press their foreheads together.
she faces him and they lock gazes.
someone watches it as he eats.
he stands and faces down a long driveway toward a dark and dilapidated estate house.
now at tavern on the green, a hostess leads someone and someone to the corner table.
the pirate drops to his knees then falls over.
someone gets out and runs through the stopped vehicles, then works her way through the lively crowd.
the zombie snaps a bone in two and slurps out the marrow.
someone shuffles through more photos showing the sickly girl with her brother at her bedside.
someone smiles to herself.
she takes an apple from her bag and hurls it at the man's head.
he snaps a photo of himself with someone.
he removes a wristwatch, then drops a stack of cash across an open jewelry box.
as someone follows her upstairs, someone watches, then turns to her ex-husband.
a penguin backs up to reveal an egg.
covered in blood her father stirs behind the steering wheel,
he leans down and holds out his monstrous hand.
a swimming pool shimmers nearby.
back on stage, someone wearing the sequined gown and a long feather boa slides on the floor between the legs of her guitarist.
someone shrugs and shakes her head.
she gives her parents a determined look.
a hallway leads to a large arena.
he glances at the cafe owner who presses her hands over her heart.
driver side door opens and a womans hand sets a pair of high heels on the ground.
someone manages a smile and looks away.
nearby, the boy shakes the remote.
he sits back in his chair.
someone looks to her boss.
a single spotlight shines up from the floor as someone leads them through the darkened chamber.
the skyscraper is white with large, dark windows.
she rides in the jeep next to a dark-haired man.
now, in a nightclub, someone and someone meet someone who talks on a cell.
he grinds his jaw as he watches her.
she draws him into a hug.
the triangular raft floats beside the lifeboat as someone watches someone someone feast.
she hunches forward.
someone has a go, but struggles.
she slams her fist on a locker then forces a smile.
now all five children meet on a hilltop.
someone follows someone out of the tent as they joined soldiers rushing to a gate at the end of the dirt road.
it transforms into the decorative
someone opens the air locked doors with her back and hand, then jumps out and lands in a hard roll.
someone climbs into his vehicle and backs it out of its spot.
a dried red drip of blood remains on the mannequin forehead.
someone returns to the wings and watches them.
the strapping guard hesitates.
someone yells on a bus which lurches to a halt.
she enters the building.
someone undoes his gorilla suit.
now, at a coffee shop someone sits alone at a counter with a book decorated with a bow.
someone strokes someone's bloody face then shakes her head.
beaming, someone rushes forward.
someone looks sympathetically over at the soundly slumbering someone.
someone hurries back onto the set with the food.
they enter a convention room.
someone returns home where his father sits with other officers at the dining table.
now someone sits with coco.
the image briefly darkens.
the girl bites her lip, her eyes filling with tears, and shoots a pleading glance at a stern-faced woman watching them.
someone points at the doctor, then drops his hand.
the water splashes the zebra who still lies curled up on the wooden bench-like seats rimming the far end.
she pauses by the door and raises a detonator.
someone turns and runs.
steel-hued trim frames its specialized facial opening.
later, the smiling bride and groom clink their glasses and sip champagne.
someone displays a wounded scowl.
dressed in only her underwear, she nibbles a cracker.
someone holds the mohawk boy in a chokehold, as he wrenches his arm upward.
staring with parted lips, the bystander discreetly drives away.
someone kicks the inspector in the shin, causing him to lose his grip.
the doberman follows the inspector as he chases someone through the crowd.
someone wakes with a jolt.
he in his boots and she, luxuriantly, dipping in her bare foot.
someone puts his arm around his son and brings the boy outside.
he moves to a shuttered hatch and slides it open, aiming into the darkness.
someone climbs toward the top of its framework and feebly kicks at the dish.
inside, someone uses a phone.
her arms hug him around the neck and her head rests against his shoulder.
gelman shoves a cuffed someone toward a holding cell.
the small stout someone descends through a fierce storm.
she claps a hand to her mouth.
moving further inside the two undercover cops find the handsome, sensitive teen
someone and someone share a disheartened gaze.
he clamps his mouth shut.
moving his sleeve aside she sniffs deeply.
he places the egg underneath, in a rock nest snuggled within a blanket.
now he awakes in bed.
sharon one she flinches away.
mourners gather, many of them african-american.
his outstretched hands lap against the surface.
someone flattens his hands on the table.
the long-finger nailed man appears.
someone races through a set of double doors in a six-foot-high wall, then pulls them shut.
the briefings continue.
his foe, both grab the gun.
someone removes the shirt from someone's face and she hugs him.
he puts down his cards beside a can of fanta.
he sits up on the board, letting his feet dangle in the water.
someone lets him into the garage.
pool lights illuminate the bloody water.
someone sets down the paper and picks up a bank letter headed, notice of defaulted payment.
in the cottage someone takes the photo of someone with the search party to a table bearing stacks of case files.
the truck backs up to a loading dock where an armed soldier lifts the tarp and peers inside to face the captain america shield.
someone lifts his brow and blinks back his tears.
someone drops the bucket and it floats away on the water.
the rider tugs the chain, pulling him down and leaps over him.
across the room, the automaton faces toward someone.
but she doesn't even glance in his direction.
she shows some catalogs.
someone reluctantly shakes it.
gazing out the window, someone lowers his phone.
someone leans over an urn, peering closely with his flashlight.
later, someone has dinner with someone.
the target glides forward to reveal someone.
the leader approaches the executive and turns his ear to the man.
the child exits and the father shuts the door.
as his mother reads the telegram, her smile vanishes.
a car pulls into a narrow drive.
lying on the ground, someone, someone, and someone watch as the cubes assemble in the sky.
someone reaches a large ventilation fan and checks her watch.
with a tug, the rider yanks him off someone's hood and onto the bed of his possessed truck.
a massive lightning bolt smacks down beside the boat, spreading a web of brilliant electricity beneath the surface.
she blinks confusedly.
meanwhile, someone strolls from an alley to the former arcana cabana, its front window now aglow with neon signs.
her head breaks the water's surface and she peers into the courtyard.
the book's pages flip quickly.
someone faces the group, his angular features set in a grim frown.
someone opens the card.
the executives stare at him blankly.
very funny but my wife doesn't eat liver.
he pretends to peek under the patient's sheet.
he rolls on his back, his eyes morphing into hollow sockets.
someone sits at the wheel.
a man looks up to find him smoking up.
as someone rounds a corner onto another street, someone turns off his headlights.
the rehearsing dancers spin.
pulling back on the joystick, the pilot flies straight up.
someone spots him.
flaps on its underside blossom outward like petals, revealing egg-shaped buds surrounding a vertical mouth lined with dagger-like teeth.
someone punches someone's helmet, then swings and misses.
someone looks at the girl.
someone follows someone out of the plane.
the guards give up the chase.
now a helicopter descends.
a window lies ajar.
she shuts her laptop then packs it up.
someone fixes it.
he grabs its barrel and strikes her in the head, snatching it away as she stumbles.
as someone crosses the room, the penguins follow.
someone approaches her.
the teen stirs sleepily.
someone nods awkwardly and has no idea what to say.
peering back, she catches him watching.
someone rolls his eyes sardonically as he turns to camera.
she grips his shoulders.
someone takes up his guitar,
another black drop falls through the mesh into a metallic canister, which electronically seals itself.
she passes stairs, steps through a doorway, and shuts it behind her.
someone takes a step back as someone rises to face them.
someone grins at the memory.
as someone holds up his arms,
with someone at his side, he backs through a small courtyard.
galloped toward the castle.
someone ignites the lighter.
she reads on her way to class.
she trudges down a hall.
someone, someone, and someone descend the dimly lit staircase.
sitting in front of the monitor, he eyes the onscreen footage of st. jude's cathedral where virgil's light shines up a towering shaft toward the rippling surface of the air bell.
gives a puzzled smile.
control panel by the elevator blinks off as someone approaches.
hefty martha goes over to someone who crouches down in front of her and runs his hands all over her.
someone rides up in a carriage.
he grabs a pamphlet.
with a smile, he pulls someone's papers from his pocket.
a little boy in overalls comes up and takes her hand.
someone touches his injured side.
on a tennis court, the sister bounces a ball on the racket.
now someone leaves the fitting room in a shapeless black dress.
on the isolated country road, the four friends get out and peer closely at the car's grille.
someone gazes downward, glances at someone, then watches the band.
someone tosses an apple between his hands.
on stage, someone addresses the audience.
someone pulls on a helmet attached to a network of wire
someone twiddles his thumbs and regards the suspect impassively.
he dives over the edge with open arms and falls into the dark abyss.
the teen's eyes glisten and his lips tremble.
now, soldiers shove someone into a building and yank
he takes a bite then shifts his gaze.
in slow motion, he raises his middle finger to his mother, who watches tv in the living room.
now the flatbed truck speeds down a dark stretch of road.
she hurries inside, to a tall set of wooden doors, and frantically scans the pews.
the two vehicles speed off.
the biker crashes into it.
someone crosses another intersection, his gaze searching for a visual on the stranger.
someone jumps out the living room window.
he runs out.
a hatch on top of the sub opens and someone's dark-haired cohort climbs out wearing a tailored purple suit.
they dip in and out of the ocean about 100 feet away.
now someone paces as she dials the phone.
a breakfast with someone and someone in the center, holding trophies.
in a couple of them he notices the blurred figure of a man holding a camera.
they stop their advance and the fireplace grate closes behind the group.
the boy lays his hands on the rim.
her reflection appears in a rear-view mirror as she stares at someone in the backseat.
someone faces someone, who lifts his brow sheepishly.
a tumbler of notched plates rotates into a new configuration then drops slightly.
an agent steps into the interrogation room.
now, someone makes out with a brunette.
he wipes a tear from his eye.
in the kitchen, the widower lowers his overwhelmed gaze.
taking it, someone casually leans against someone's desk.
someone and someone quickly hide their faces from the window.
he pulls hard on a bloody flap of human skin on his love handle, then lets it hang loose.
someone comes out of the bathroom and stares.
gleaming pyramids, statues, and columns surround an enormous peak resembling vertical crystals.
the delivery guy checks it against his order ticket then pulls the rest of the way through and drives down a long dirt lot.
the colonel shoots two of them.
dangling underneath someone, someone eyes a ship below.
in one photo, a younger someone stands in her wedding dress with her ex-husband, someone, as they are about to cut their wedding cake.
the stagehands drop them.
now they arrive at her deserted apartment.
she rolls toward the rocker.
the blind fencer storms out, knocking over a tray of drinks.
in the gazebo, the young woman shows an image on a tv.
with a cool look, she opens the door.
as he collapses, someone tilts his head with a smirk.
the sketch on the opposite page shows a woman cradling a baby while a figure watches from a doorway.
he steps inside a laundromat through a pair of glass doors covered in newspaper.
fake blood spews, dousing the chicken.
he smiles, then takes her face in his hands.
turning, he finds himself face to face with someone.
the bride and groom smile at the officiant, then face each other lovingly, and hold each other's hands.
hanging his head, the scientist sulks off.
two passengers climb off and the doors closed behind them.
she gives the bald man a playful nudge.
as the group leaves, someone sees someone walk away from the front door, and deeper into the house.
they hook pinkies.
using the captured guard as a shield, someone advances.
a missile explodes nearby.
she watches with a charmed grin.
he eases past her and stands at her side.
someone looks up at her with his eye narrowed.
someone backs into the apartment and pulls the terrace door shut.
someone springs to his feet, but she punches him overboard.
they hold each other close,
later, they push it down the road.
he unsheathes the silver dagger.
the woman averts her gloomy gaze.
now free, someone grabs a crowbar and jams the door, then covers its window.
from across the room, someone catches his gaze as she ignores her chattering fiance.
he looks at someone, who sits at the bar and gives an encouraging nod.
someone holds a gun to a guard's side.
mrs. gould looks away, smiles, and shakes her head.
now beneath a stormy sky, slate hued waves roil and churn along the coast,
in his eye patch, the leader points at someone.
yards behind him, someone swaggers through drifting watts of smoke.
the man uses a gas lighter to light little balls that one of the bespectacled male mice is juggling.
he returns to his seat.
he drops a book on the floor then shuts the door behind him.
soldiers light the nearest pyre.
someone shuts his door and starts his car.
someone gives a cool nod.
the journalist sits at his laptop and scrolls through uploaded parade images.
he slides the doors of the shed open,
from a balcony, someone and someone watch with wide eyes as the wheel slams a truck and some shipping containers then grabs them with the toothy ridges along its perimeter.
someone averts his gaze.
someone takes off his mask.
in slow motion, the guys emerge from the haze.
he takes a ragged breath.
blond taps him on the stomach then joins their other friend.
nodding, he turns away and notices something on the ground.
in bed, someone wakes up.
someone struts up to the porch, munching a snack.
two other dancers join the first.
someone bites into an apple as he looks over her list.
saturday morning, someone opens the card again.
someone flinches, then watches as buster lies down on the grass.
someone hunches over her bikes handle bars.
he does cpr.
someone's slack jawed gaze shifts of the otherworldly creature to his henchmen.
he was 22 years old.
someone strides out of the line.
he glances up at someone, who holds a deck of playing cards topped by the eight of spades.
one girl pretends to retch.
as the mustang drives away, the picture cuts to black.
the animals are gone.
he shoves her inside.
revolvers fall from the dangling man's pockets.
he hurries off with an embarrassed look.
spotlights sweep over them and fog rolls onto the dark stage.
on earth, the destroyer turns and walks away.
pinching one end in his fingertips, he opens a trash bin and chucks it in.
mother steps close watching her.
someone shoots the handle of a searchlight beside someone,
someone puts his arm around her and kisses her.
she joins him at his side then faces the portrait again.
someone raises the mallet once again and smashes the clown's head.
his coach swaggers closer and averts his eyes, then whirls to face someone.
someone slowly follows someone, who eyes the pistol beside someone's body.
her eyebrow remains cocked.
someone adds detail to a doodle die ball.
the penguins charge at him.
it vanishes in a puff of smoke and someone relaxes.
big someone looms over a city street as barrage balloons float overhead.
someone's eyes pooled with tears.
later, someone uses a baby carrier to haul someone to a car.
inside, the lanky someone sits behind the wheel.
through binoculars, he watches someone greet two thugs by the door.
she holds up pornos.
someone purses his lips.
someone walks up to her.
someone brings out the duck and bows.
the woman wearing hair rollers sits up nearby.
someone sits up, then scoots around to face him fully.
the thug gestures and his acrobatic cohort climbs back onto the roof.
someone looks up from his notes
in present day, someone and the writer leave his house.
in the crowd, fans hold up signs or wave their arms.
light envelops the cow until it explodes.
he watches the departing craft.
someone pretends to perish.
later he beats someone at red-hands.
a man wearing a sombrero dances.
he crouches to examine some abandoned gear.
she calmly sips her cocktail.
amid the falling shards of wood, someone reaches towards someone.
he crosses to a circuit breaker panel and opens its door.
someone enters and dabs his finger in the bowl.
the driver airbag deploys, hitting someone's face.
the sheriff's male servants depart, but a crone dressed in black remains at the table.
on the nearby bed, the blanket hangs over the side.
now wearing a hooded raincoat, someone walks on the dirt road.
he sniffs the air, his nostrils twitching.
into the hall and retrieves her cellphone from the metal box.
someone's in the hospital cafeteria, someone comes in with a congrats balloon.
the vendor tapes half a melon to the back of a customer's bike.
someone unbuckles her seatbelt.
he straightens his face flushed.
in moscow, snowfall blankets a city street.
he peers into a window as someone and the inspector poke their heads into the clockwork's interior.
a shot to his other leg sends him down on all fours.
gunnar grabs one of many file boxes from his cart then steps inside.
he reaches under him, pushes
i'll pick up some pizza on the way home.
now, the two outlaws enter a sunlit hotel lobby and approach the desk.
the boy frowns as someone tosses it aside.
with the sun shining brightly overhead, someone walks outside.
opening it, he pulls a canvas bag from compartment, reaches inside, and pulls out a roll of muslin.
with the point of his sword inches from someone's throat, someone freezes solid.
he pulls in.
someone continues packing.
he glances at the stranger then picks up his weapon and stumbles off.
now, the sky darkens over new york.
someone turns and her jaw drops at the site of the other woman.
the officers hurry up a set of emergency access stairs.
someone forks in another mouthful and flutters her hands anxiously.
a man restrains the frantic woman.
someone's jaw goes slack and she looks over at someone who grins at her.
sleeves rolled up, he cocks his head.
as he takes a step toward someone, someone enters the enclosure behind him.
they follow someone across the property.
moving through the crowd with someone, someone stares worriedly.
someone looks at the small metal piece, as someone chucks it aside.
he follows the informant through a gate into an industrial complex, then parks his car behind stacks of pallets, hiding it from view.
a meerkat climbs onto someone's back and rests across his shoulder.
the violinist spies someone's shadowy form creeping toward the exit.
she opens her mouth to speak.
they land outside and wrestle in mud as someone aims his drawn bow at them from his vantage point overhead.
the mother pauses and looks to the lake shore where her kids skep stones with their
he races away, as a group of men run toward him.
standing at the atrium's center, someone directs the roiling flames with his gaze
he leaps onto the board and paddles out, away from the flashing lights of the boardwalk.
he flutters his hands against someone's face.
someone delivers a right hook that knocks him clear through a door onto the floor of the adjacent restroom.
as someone descends clutching the rope,
someone takes the money uneasily.
someone glimpses someone sneaking out of someone's room in his robe.
taking photographs of the busty woman.
the bird hits buttons with its beak, and the tv turns on.
preoccupied, she looks out at the window to her side.
forks of lightning flash from the thunderhead as the small plane flies into it.
now, pebbles dot a sandy beach nestled at the base of rocky hills.
someone briefly takes someone's hand.
still sitting in the chair, he dials again.
the inspector shifts his gaze to someone and wiggles his eyebrows.
a pale-blue neon sign reads "abilene motor lodge lounge."
he unflinchingly stares down his rival.
someone glares then yields a smile.
crushing windshields, someone barrels over several more vehicles, then jumps the center barrier.
he approaches her.
the creature lifts someone close to its own face and studies him.
hunched forward, someone drops his hollow gaze.
someone sits motionless watching the cheerleaders practice.
in someones room a bedside alarm clock reads 8:46.
his other hand rests on a gun at the front of his waistband.
inside the suv someone watches through the windshield.
the drone's camera focuses on the mask.
the apprentice shakes his head.
she leaves the trailer park behind.
she applies the pad to the injury then tucks it into her waistband.
domes resembling the tops of beehives surrounded by stone walls dot the valley in single file.
now on a lawn set with tables for an outdoor reception, the wedding guests dance on a large elevated dance floor constructed in the style of a gazebo.
someone looks down and shakes her head.
a photographer snaps their picture.
twisting his whole body, someone slices through the massive trunk.
in a photo, someone, wearing a dark bikini, lies on her side.
the professor's hand reaches out.
now, a wave several stories tall fills our view as it continues to gather mass.
as baby face pulls the car to a halt, someone addresses him with a frown.
he stares off with a haunted expression and takes a deep breath.
large dark lesions break out all over his body.
he joins the passengers through a side door.
with a haughty look someone retires to the arm of a couch.
someone dances backward and someone draws her back in by both hands.
the motorcycle breaks apart as he sails over a market.
she faces someone's laptop.
another agent ends the call.
armed soldiers stand posted at its gate.
later he drives her through an upscale neighborhood.
someone places the borrowed photo on a scanner then watches his laptop screen as the image uploads.
standing behind the wheelchair, someone leans over someone, who wears a shower cap on her head and the gas mask over her mouth and nose.
he tickles someone.
to move by itself and a lamp tips.
the bounty hunter frantically dodges golf balls as they whiz toward him.
the boy bares his gritted teeth and stares between his hands at the unmoving coin.
she grabs her jacket and wrenches it on as she races back to someone's door.
she turns for the exit.
someone presents her with a robe.
his padded big bottom looms waist-high to someone.
later they round a curve on a mountainside, then drive across a towering bridge.
the slide leans on a hay bale.
he produces his ipod.
as someone heads inside, the shadow leaves the wall.
he pours the rest into the bucket.
someone observes her shabby surroundings and deflates.
passing between two parked press vans,
someone sits on the couch with someone, who focuses on a tv show.
he stares after her as she walks away through the open plan office.
a framed photo shows someone with someone.
now he arrives in a modest apartment.
someone marches downstairs in purple pajamas and a full-face gas mask with a single snout-like filter.
he pulls out his machine gun.
the ball drops in the hoop three times.
she sees someone standing at a dry erase board labeled things to do.
they find some caddies.
someone quickly stands.
someone covers his clock with his sleeve.
someone tweaks knobs of dough baked together.
in the crypt, someone shines his flashlight at a dead guard.
then notices someone sitting on the floor with a woman's sandal in his mouth.
he looks its remaining arm, knocking it over.
then tosses it aside.
slowly making his way towards the pool's edge.
she receives a text from him reading, i think they took one of your yellow bombers.
his shoulders sag as he lets out a sigh.
bridge as they continue up the beam which now slants.
silhouetted against the windows of someone's quarters, holloway hunches over and rubs his face.
someone stands watch while someone swipes a card through a security system.
several students walk by.
someone heads off to an office.
someone haughtily lifts her chin.
outside, tree branches bordering the streets sway gently in a breeze.
her cool smile gone she ventures further in.
he holds the vengeful man's gaze.
someone smiles again, genuinely touched by someone's declaration.
he tosses the notebook aside, leans forward, and rubs his eyes.
lovey follows the penguin off.
he takes the cell from the vehicle, he dials a number.
he presses her helmet to his with an ardent gaze, then turns away.
someone paces to a framed photo of her burlesque troupe.
puts on his glasses and dashes upstairs.
sliding her own hand on top of her laotong's, someone gives it a gentle squeeze.
the two survivors exchange a knowing look.
as she approaches the platform a guy snatches her backpack off her shoulder.
someone drops to the floor as bullets rip through the front door.
in a closet, our view sweeps over a selection of expensive men's clothes.
someone turns on his cell phone recorder.
crouched in nearby brush, someone creeps closer.
someone drains his glass and pounds the table.
she sits beside him and puts her arm around his shoulder.
we can see awards line a shelf in his office.
as someone hops out and opens the side door, we glimpse a sign.
in a booth, a man sits with several young beauties.
someone grins and he laughs with her.
the rest of the away team arrives at the chamber with the bust.
a square faced man greets them.
someone watches a car pass by.
someone looks somewhat disgusted by his self-pity.
his coach and teammates stare wide-eyed.
he sweeps his gaze over the u-shaped courtyard then looks to the ground roughly ten stories below.
entering a room covered in mirrored panels, someone finds someone staring down at a waist-high nuclear reactor.
standing on the raft, someone rocks the boat by its prow.
someone approaches a wall of glass-doored coolers filled with supplies.
later they have sex in his bed.
the man stares at the boy, then slowly rests a hand on his back.
someone sees a security officer speaking with someone and someone.
bottles lie everywhere.
outside, most of the adults all look in the same direction.
someone approaches his slain body.
he tears pages from a book and throws them in a meager fire.
the pale woman's gaze remains fixed on him.
a dark-haired man runs beside him.
practicing later, someone swings the ax in swirling patterns around his tall, lean frame, gaining speed with proficiency.
someone meets her gaze, and nods as well.
someone runs sideways and fires at someone.
watching the slideshow someone slowly removes his glasses.
someone clinks his glass against erskine's, then lifts it to his lips.
someone lifts his dripping face.
and the concrete barricade lowers into the ground, allowing the sedan to pass.
he stares off, vacantly.
a torrent of smoke shoots through the tunnel, knocking someone off her feet.
someone leaps feet first into the pool.
someone takes her hand.
someone storms up to a house.
she gives him another quick kiss, then heads into the bathroom.
someone stops short.
someone leads the rich stranger away.
someone winces a little.
wearing a prison uniform, a long-haired man resembling someone steps into the cell.
someone observes her father with a concerned gaze.
a sign reads, stop contagion.
framed newspapers hang on the office wall.
as someone's crew struggle to open the doors, someone steps back and waits.
someone gazes with bewildered eyes.
later at his house, he stands in his father's study with his hands in his pockets.
a ghost pops out of a closet.
someone texts on his phone as someone struggles to connect the floating legos.
a spar falls toward sir someone, which turns into a ceiling fan falling onto someone.
in a flashback, someone trips forward as he walks.
she rips off her top baring her breasts.
the boy tries casting the line again.
someone and someone shimmy backwards, silhouetted on either side of sister as she walks with her back to the audience.
the guard aims a gun.
someone brushes her hair out of her face then sobs into her hand.
he shifts his contemplative gaze and shuts the door.
the word war is in red.
someone's father opens the automaton's shirt and exposes its interior mechanism.
she sees him and whispers.
someone takes a package of deli meat from the refrigerator.
someone stares after him with a furrowed brow then reluctantly follows with a slight limp.
the killer pulls back someone's shower cap, revealing a dotted marker line on her forehead.
someone races up a parallel street, then tries to turn on to a main road, but instead crashes through a shop's front window.
someone charges, but the vampire throws powder.
someone hurls the baton over the finish line and skips back and forth.
he strides resolutely through the crowd and halts just behind her, and leans onto her chair.
out on the plaza, she wrestles with a real sumo who bashes her repeatedly with his flabby belly.
one drone crashes into a column and explodes in a ball of fire.
someone comes in and deposits his things near the door.
she hands him her contact info and he nods.
someone notices someone, someone and little someone bathing at a trough.
meanwhile, someone gives herself another shot, then drops the auto-injector.
crushed, someone hangs his head.
someone looks over at it then grabs her computer.
he approaches the table.
someone and someone dance holding someone's naked childhood portrait between their hips.
on the roof the young man scampers one way then races back the other way with someone on his tail.
a pack of about a half a dozen dogs of mixed breeds races past the sheriff.
now, zygotes multiply their cells.
behind him, someone controls his movements.
someone drops to his knees.
black approaches the sharp-dressed man.
someone delivers a left jab.
they sit quietly with arms crossed,
later, the hatchback speeds over to a crowd gathered outside a building.
one rumples his lips then flees.
she moves stiffly past someones doctor and leaves the room.
someone eyes his belted khakis.
the four-pillared fountain cascades into a circular pool, under a plethora of globe lights dangling from the surrounding tree branches.
he zip line across the park.
it briefly suspends underwater then shoots through the surface.
someone runs back to her lab now overrun with men in black suits.
the melancholy man faces the river and distant mountains as his body clock ticks down under 15 seconds.
she flashes a nervous grin.
someone and some orphan boys step a pace with someone as well.
completely submerged, he bares his gritted teeth, and keeps a stubborn hold on the submarine.
he finds someone signing autographs for fans
someone stands in the doorway with a servant.
someone turns on the spot.
someone sets the someone down and it becomes invisible.
someone joins her friend at her desk.
i would like to be someone's friend or girl
a male fairy's wing brushes someone's face and he bats at it.
he looks at his daughter, who lowers her saddened gaze.
on the movie screen, gable makes his way down the cell block flanked by guards.
one by one the bikers ride off on their choppers.
the crow lands on the pit wall.
as they linger facing the painting together she glances at him fondly.
now disguised in her wig and designer clothes, she hands the passport to a custom's official at the zurich airport.
he gives her the accordion files.
he tries the door at the far end but it doesn't budge.
now stuck in traffic, someone reaches for his cellphone as someone plays a game on it.
someone faces a floor-to-ceiling window and gazes out at the city.
takes the phone out again.
but someone swings one elbow repeatedly into the agents stomach.
the pinging probe sits motionless at what appears to be a dead end.
now, as he strides down a corridor,
spotlights shine on someone as he dances onto the stage.
now all of the dancers curl their fingers at us, beckoning mischievously.
someone holds out a manuscript.
he slaps her rear end and she smacks him.
someone dons dark sunglasses, gives a thumbs up, and blows kisses to someone.
his eyes shine with tears.
clutching a rumpled tissue in her hands she closes her eyes and falls asleep.
someone tips her biker cap.
he pulls the door closed.
someone hands her the check and tosses her purse on the bed.
the hatchback peels out.
someone is in the doorway and overhears someone.
at the lumbering grizzly.
the boy takes the jacket off the peg.
grimly licking his lips.
a beefy gunman shows him a grenade and the bearded gangster nods.
fully dressed and curled up on a sofa, someone faces its back and rests her chin on her folded arms.
a third photo shows a wrecked scirocco,
someone rubs her nose.
now, the mailman dances on the roof of his truck.
he drives up and taps the back of the pedicab with his bumper.
she halts in a doorway.
wearing a devil costume, someone sinks beneath the floor of the cave in a cloud of smoke.
he stops and admires his mentor.
one of the street agents looks to his young partner who bows his head.
someone gives a smitten grin.
the younger women lead her over.
in the slum, an alien clubs an unseen figure on the ground.
he takes the mic.
making a bomb.
someone leans against a pole watching his superior set on a rowboat with two others.
staring grimly at it someone backtracks towards the cottage.
she spies someone with a woman.
passing through patches of flared sunlight.
someone shakes it.
he sits across from his daughter.
someone stalks through the crowd and approaches someone who salutes him.
slowing her pace as she draws near.
one man glances over.
firing wild, he backs away.
teen stares back at him broodingly.
his eyes fixate on it as he spins it between his hands.
raising his hands, someone tensely licks his lips and blinks the sweat out of his eyes.
as the door slides shut a view through its window shows her enraged face.
the sisters admire the mural which shows a giraffe, an elephant, and a lion balancing atop round trees.
in the bedroom, he lounges on someone's bed - his muddy shoes on her duvet.
squinting, he steps into the hallway and lets the door swing shut behind him.
someone peeks down at the verdant ground far below.
someone sets her handheld device on top of an electrical box.
now, someone pushes open a gate's wooden doors.
the vials empty as injectors pump serum into rogers' body.
someone rounds a corner.
he gives a faint bobble of his head, and they pass just in front of someone who waits by his limo.
she kisses someone and strokes her hair.
alone in an elevator, a smiling couple hurries in as the doors close.
above the layout table, the probe beacons add additional detail to the now enormous map of the structure.
he has really small hands,
held at gun point, someone falters.
they sit together looking out at the city.
he rolls his shoulders and someone glances at the crowd.
someone stops and turns around then rides back up the street.
a valet brings them the mustang and they get in.
someone blocks two of his strikes and swipes back at him.
dim light bathes his face as he steps into the kitchen.
then someone leaves the window.
bringing up the rear, someone stops and adjusts his helmet light.
she rubs her palms.
"tim, i found you, are you online?"
in the hive, someone stares at the gps locator screen with no coordinates found.
someone sips some water.
someone gives a defeated nod as he recalls signing the contract with his blood.
smiling, he turns to his father and smears some of the sludge on his cheek.
the car passes a dilapidated shed on the right, and pulls up to a large, older farmhouse.
as someone hurries off, someone watches her go.
she leaps away as it unleashes another blast of fiery energy.
someone pulls out a long, slim tentacle with a turtle-shaped end.
raising his eyebrows someone shrugs and walks off.
now the three vehicle police convoy moves down a vacant city street.
someone pushes a button and flames shoot out of his tailpipe, setting a pursuing trooper on fire.
his father comes up behind him.
holloway and someone come forward, crowding the front of the cabin with someone as they stare out the windshield.
the girls find someone and someone in the kitchen.
someone's eyes snap open.
two sections of wall separate to reveal a secret doorway.
tilting her head, she gives a gentle gaze.
now he follows someone down a sidewalk.
someone peeks out a window at a park across the street.
taking her into custody, an officer yanks down her shirt and finds a bulletproof vest.
she exhales in someone's face.
later while someone drives, someone raises her free hand to his lips.
someone shakes her head, her lips pursed in a frown.
someone's horse lies dead beside someone, whos own horse stands over him.
as someone watches soberly, a sparkling swirling vortex opens just beneath the ceiling.
someone takes out a sardine.
someone stares admiring and shakes his head.
it explodes sending someone flying off his feet.
and he stays thoughtfully on the bed.
someone slides out the letter inside.
someone's eyes widen as she watches someone emerge from the taxi.
on the kitchen floor, someone lies flat on her back.
in a large suburban home a wall mounted screen turns on.
and lets the balloon go.
everyone turns and watches the creature reach for the driver and crush him.
someone casually bites an apple and reads the paper as someone struggles in the pool.
he stabs the frost giant in the heart and wrenches himself free, then watches as his arm gradually returns to normal.
with their guns aimed, the officers rush toward the sedan.
meanwhile, the tactical team arrives on her floor with their guns drawn.
the quickly closing door thins the shaft of light cast on the boy until it's gone.
catch up and set down their own gear.
the boy lingers, staring at her.
with the kids, someone gives a perplexed smile.
he reaches into a yellow pouch tied around his waist and pulls out a slab of fish.
hope you enjoy."
lifting her arm, someone finds six seconds left on her clock.
now, someone stands alone at a train platform, holding a box of personal items.
snowy bites the man's bottom.
he smiles pleasurably, then scoots past the group.
he goes to her, and they hug.
as he steps on to terraferma, his legs give out and he falls.
someone peers through the vent at a tray of steaming croissants.
someone stows the knife in his boot.
later, someone leads someone around the side of a garage and tries a door.
at graduation, someone's eyes shine as he lingers on the stage.
someone aims a second unlit work light at another camera - incapacitating it.
someone walks on the other side of her brother.
someone shuts the door on a potbelly stove.
someone bangs his glass to attract everyone's attention.
later in a live recording, a doctor holds a surgical drill.
as someone's eyes meet his, he quickly looks away.
someone sips his bourbon.
now in the stadium's infirmary, a doctor gently tries to rotate someone's bruised swollen knee.
someone slowly takes it from him.
someone opens his mouth as if to speak.
someone slowly approaches.
leaving several zombies on the ground.
men playing cards.
she lifts her gaze and sees her handsome companion standing outside in the pouring rain.
the boy lands on all fours in the dirt.
someone's smiling dmv photo stares back.
someone watches her leave the room,
glowing ink transfers to her hand and she gawks.
she rubs her face and sets her chin between her hands.
the lawyer, someone, sits in a corridor on the other side.
the transport leads the two atvs to an opening in a wall surrounding the structure.
someone skeptically quirks his brow.
as someone grabs it, the silica storm knocks her 50 yards into one of the ships towering landing struts.
leading him by the hand, someone takes someone to her family's stables.
someone operates a control panel, the machine glows with blue light.
he and four buddies watch, as does a smiling someone.
she looks at the gun, releases its trigger, then turns away.
he halts, raises his hands, and rests them in his lap.
while someone stands in attendance nearby.
he wakes.
he uses her cell phone.
he hurls the fish at the tiger's mouth and it spreads wings.
the boy stares at his lap.
someone throws someone into a wall, then limps away.
someone reads the cookbook.
someone's guard eyes her uncertainly, then moves off.
on the huge screen behind the stage, "hammer advanced weapons systems."
smiling chorus girls march in place behind someone.
someone takes in the dazzling array of ocean life glowing beneath his raft.
someone's eyes dart toward a window.
the archivist takes two large binders from a shelf.
someone throws a pencil at him.
he takes out a stuffed mouse wearing a suit.
her face is in his hands.
exterior lamps on buildings catch falling flakes of snow in their pale shafts of light as they drift to the ground.
the writer lightly tilts his head and shifts his eyes.
his lips meet hers in a smoldering kiss.
he lays a blanket over her back.
still kneeling, he unscrews the top from the bottle, and runs his fingers over the cold surface of the glass.
a helicopter flies over district 9.
he opens a family photo album and pages through the pictures.
a male figure lunges out and beats her.
as the base begins to descend, little someone and someone stare down at the waiting zombies.
removes his sweatshirt.
someone stares into her pleading eyes.
now, someone exits the thirsty scholar pub into the night.
they give confused looks.
with her elbow on the arm of the couch, she props her cheek on her hand as she reads.
he leaps aboard the convertible and punches a thug in back, sending him tumbling.
in the next room, someone waits up seated with a book.
she uses a phone.
she wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him.
the cashier scans the items.
now in the school office, someone holds a phone to her ear.
someone throws someone to the floor.
watching her go, someone smiles to himself.
as someone sleeps soundly in her bed, someone's hand reaches under her pillow.
someone gazes at an enlarged photograph of someone on the screen.
a sign on the building that reads weis time lenders flashes off as she heads away.
he stares angrily.
the cat hides under a chair.
blinking resignedly, someone looks at someone who snatches the gun away.
in town, in spite of the downpour, someone holds a zoo poster up to a bulletin board.
she leaves in a cab.
on the arena floor, a blond woman wearing a hooded jacket watches a man in a burgundy tank top dance then imitates his moves.
he cocks it and gestures at his knife block.
all the drones are equipped with different weapons.
keeping his gaze fixed ahead,
she wraps an arm around his neck.
someone gives a wistful look.
flailing her arms, someone prances out of the room.
someone spots someone flirting with the makeup artist and holds up a finger.
grabbing his backpack he leads them to the exit.
someone pulls her into a hug.
and his pants split.
he hefts the boy's limp body and rocks him in his arms.
someone paces nearby, rubbing her hands together.
he leans in and kisses her on the lips, then gently raises his hand to her neck.
continuing around the house he comes to the kitchen and living room.
then blasts out doors and windows.
he enters holding a two-tiered orange cake with lit candles.
someone faces someone and someone.
sipping form a bottle, someone eyes the man.
someone enters the house to find a boy dribbling a soccer ball.
she glances back at him.
someone takes a knee.
she opens it to a bookmarked chapter with its heading circled: the 90-day rule.
out front, someone spies someone hustling the rich man out.
homer looks away nervously as someone sits with a worried look, his face tilted down.
someone gets down from his horse and marches over to someone.
he spots her feet disappearing over the rooftop's edge.
seated at his own desk, someone shifts.
someone kicks open the door and someone fires the retrieved bullet at pointblank range.
holding a signed book, someone trots across the lawn.
someone shifts her handbag's shoulder strap as she climbs some steps leading to a set of glass doors.
someone rises to leave.
he drapes his jacket over someone like a blanket.
now, someone pushes open someone's bedroom door and finds his son asleep on top of the covers.
as the capsule lands on the moon's surface and people step out, the capsule turns red.
and we someone be sisters for 10,000 years.
on the beach, someone shifts his gaze.
someone crouches beside someone.
a blond girl with large dark rimmed glasses runs off.
cross the alcove to the safety deposit room.
another carries him to the boat's rim.
someone approaches someone who sits alone at the bar.
as someone stands, someone bounces on his feet.
he tries to follow her, but ducks behind a wall avoiding someone.
blond lingers on the cliff, watching his friend inscrutably.
later on the canvas, he uses thick brush strokes to apply streaks of white over the green.
then fits the panel back on to the fake wall, seaming the cell in darkness.
he removes the syringe and sits up, keeping his eyes fixed on his foot.
back in the living room, someone smiles as she plays the guitar.
someone blows someone a kiss, then lifts her arm and pivots beneath it.
pausing, someone faces someone who wears a solemn gaze.
she smiles sweetly and looks off.
looks around, and spots her uncle.
their whiskered snouts quiver as their darkly inset eyes peer in someone's directly.
reflects sunlight.
someone picks up his head in both hands.
he settles for vodka.
pulling out, the motorcycle kicks up gravel.
she stops and takes out her phone.
under her vulnerable gaze, someone's expression softens.
as he lies still, his hands find a glowing document under the pillow.
she follows the others out.
he flicks his tongue.
then wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him hungrily.
glancing toward someone, someone approaches the pretty teen who wears an anguished gaze.
inside a market, she closes her eyes as she smells a bunch of fresh basil.
someone continues his search.
in the dark research lab, someone holds open a book with an illustration of someone's hammer.
as he circles the american, his friends restrain the struggling girl.
someone opens the journal to a sketch of stars and planets.
he positions the page then types, someone was filled with the most effervescent someone.
someone tucks the book into his jacket pocket.
a grin pulls at the corner of his mouth.
someone steps down.
he tosses someone a ski mask.
sitting by her, someone puts the box on her own lap.
the sergeant looks through her purse.
he closes the window blinds.
onstage, someone sees the curtain descending.
someone turns and follows her father into the house.
he gives the phone to ms.
someone enters as she searches under a table.
someone stares into the distance wearily.
someone mouths, come on, someone.
the shorthaired boy picks it up.
now, someone steps outside and ambles along with a smile.
someone flips more switches and a strip of paper begins to move like a conveyor belt under the arms of a chart recorder.
someone stops on the threshold, his eyes wide.
someone regards her with a smile.
he pulls out a set of keys and hands them to someone, who ambles toward the door.
her shoulders sag.
she pulls her hair back.
a younger someone giving a thumbs-up on the beach.
a female fairy flies overhead.
in a park, elderly women sit together on a bench.
he steps out.
she looks to someone, then shyly shifts her gaze.
someone sits stiffly, his mouth agape.
someone gives a tight smile and walks away from the
someone pulls at the hair on the back of her head.
the young man licks his lips and shifts his uneasy gaze.
someone shoots the simpleton.
he takes someone's hand.
someone sees his bare tush.
then opens a spreadsheet charting the serial murder details.
someone shakes his head
sitting at the table, someone smiles then stiffens as someone passes through the crowd behind her.
she starts to lie down.
someone's eyes widened as he glances around himself.
as a photographer approaches and snaps a photo, someone lifts his right arm and forms a v with his index and middle fingers.
someone stands but the thug punches him again.
did you pass on someone's number to ally?"
one makes a seam down the side of his face and he stares at his transforming arm.
then marches toward the restaurant.
as the number comes to a close, dancers surround the male and female leads, someone and someone, and slowly raise their arms.
someone stares off thoughtfully.
under a canopy of swollen dark gray clouds, they head across a plain of straw-like grass.
the crafts become blips on a us battleship's radar screen.
now, outside flashing police lights come into focus.
someone nervously lags behind on purpose.
with her fingers curled around the gun's handle, she hurries into the mansion.
leaning in, she gives him a passionate kiss.
he forces a smile, then shoots the corner table another glance.
a cannon blaster fires bolts of energy which strike the ground and trees around him.
now in a trendy nightclub, she leads him through the crowd.
later in a sunny forest, someone and someone sit on boulders at the edge of a creek.
in the bathroom, someone takes a huge assault rifle down from the crawl space.
she finds someone at a laptop in the next room.
someone gazes at a building's neon sign which reads mission out of time.
he draws her into a kiss and their interlocked hands drift off the mattress.
on the far end, the false windows show the video of the little girl playing the violin.
someone stands rooted to the floor, gazing out at the snowy paris streets beyond.
someone stands up and faces the sailors with his hands up.
in interrogation, the asian guy looks at a group of instant photos.
someone steps toward a sofa in the club where someone stands up.
someone approaches the stock room.
he looks at two more gentlemen.
someone picks up his camera then peers at its lens.
someone gets to his feet.
someone's sips her drink and takes up her soupspoon.
now a carriage arrives at a building.
breaking into a grin, he lowers his arm.
he leads someone around a pillar.
entering the bathroom, someone checks the stalls as he makes a phone call.
with their lips still pressed together, someone opens her eyes and smiles.
now someone idly spins the wheels of an upturned office chair as she looks through a glass wall into another corridor.
someone holds him tight.
with his shirt unbuttoned someone waits in a holding cell.
someone grimaces as he sucks on the tube.
keeping his lips locked on someone's, someone dismisses him with a wave.
now, someone treads water in a pool, holding a chair above his head.
someone turns in his seat, facing the large man fully.
back in the airport someone trudges back to someone and holds out a hand.
someone slashes candles which set light to spilt booze.
he hurries through one of the passages.
someone buries her face on someone's chest.
he speeds downward, past exploding fireworks, toward an arena, and lands on a circular platform at the front of the stage.
an item falls from a shelf.
as someone races out the door, someone frantically yanks on the headboard.
she checks again.
he abruptly turns and walks off.
as he raises the bottle into the air
the dark-haired guard pulls the bag from someone's head and leads him out of the van.
as he lifts someone onto his lap, his wife brings over a meat slice on a plate.
looking up, he spots a billboard featuring someone and someone advertising a reward of ten years.
she looks back at someone and holds up her pinky.
he throws the bottle cap at someone.
now an illuminated awning over an entry way reads, lou's.
someone crouches as more agents armed with assault rifles join the search.
now, someone strolls outside passing an officer and handcuffed teen on their way in.
wearing a peaceful gaze, she strides eagerly to his bedside, leans in and kisses his cheek.
the vampire hunter plunges through and a rope snare catches him around the ankle.
leaves them.
as the cab pulls away.
he lowers his miserable gaze to the handwritten pages.
he looks at map and checks it, then.
he stares off mournfully.
they find the cocaine.
someone opens a letter.
someone pulls someone aside.
someone keeps his palm turned down to the sea.
she pulls herself up, then finds her path blocked for certain.
now, we gaze out over the city.
his hand hits someone's side of the bed and finds it unoccupied.
he tosses down the envelope.
a swat team takes the lead and smashes the front door in with a battering ram.
he steps warily past the secured office where a man uses the phone.
in a clearing at the market's end, separated by a row of ruined stalls.
now a wall in her apartment shows her shadow as she undresses.
behind the desk, the clerk pulls her sleeve down over her clock.
he rests his hand on her shoulder.
someone swallows and looks off.
in another room, someone wears glasses and plays an upright piano alone.
he winces as he tears the tape and gauze from his skin.
the frame of a much larger wall mirror is home to several more candids, lovingly tucked in place.
someone moves to an open door.
as he swaggers toward the bar, mactaggert intercepts him.
now in a high-end store, she wobbles in a pair of four-inch heels.
she grabs it from him and crosses the room.
at a gymboree play center, someone's friend answers her cellphone.
on a windowsill, a varsity letter p stands propped against a diploma.
now someone stops rodrigo.
amazing!
someone starts to open her mouth, then shakes her head and smiles.
as he holds the flag for putting golfers, someone spies him.
she turns back to flesh and blood.
the young professional flips through a few more papers, then flips their binder shut.
as someone points toward the door, a fireball blasts from his palm and shatters a glass wall surrounding a fountain.
she looks at the photo.
one continues toward someone.
the boy plays with bubbles.
as someone walks unsuspectingly, someone takes aim at his back.
back in paris, someone carefully wraps a pot lid in newspaper and packs it into a box.
someone stares at his brother then looks down at the pool with a thoughtful smile.
the doctor observes closely.
squinting, someone notices a report put up on his fridge.
as he hobbles off, a boy offers him his cotton candy.
a woman sees his ghostly form on her way out.
his scalp bears swollen bald patches.
someone grins then wraps his arm around his friend.
someone clings to his father who carries him down the sidewalk patting his back.
her friend that told her the news, someone leaves.
a distant someone fires his pistol at the sky.
the young woman heaves a grim sigh.
she notices.
she stares disbelievingly.
someone looks at someone and someone.
her smile gradually fades as she stares at him.
someone sets down the bar.
scampering down a hallway.
he lowers her to the ground, covers her mouth, and puts the phone to his ear.
wearing a costume resembling a one-piece bathing suit with blue, red and yellow balls attached to it, someone dances across the stage.
we move through a glowing orange trail and dissipating blue particles into an array of teal and purple bubbles.
he mimes flying.
he marches out to her.
as someone looks away, someone's
later someone sits at the dining room table.
she ignores his toast.
someone faces him with a wide-eyed smirk.
someone shoots a plume of fire.
shifting gears, someone accelerates and rear ends an suv knocking it off the road.
luring the birds with sardines, he steps into the holding tank.
he follows an officer.
and shoots it to bits.
she ballets out of the kitchen.
he chases someone.
her father someone exits the bathroom.
with the binoculars, falsworth watches a train speed across a distant trestle.
he looks down at moon with a knife sticking out of his chest.
leaning back, his jaw distends in a supernatural roar.
someone sidesteps impatiently as someone turns and shoots a tentative look over his shoulder.
and holds her gaze with a plain and tranquil expression.
the blonde woman gazes stoically at the unshaven man.
someone runs to someone.
at home, someone's father enters his son's dark bedroom and turns on the light.
blinking thoughtfully, someone allows a faint smile.
she leans close to melody.
micah does the same.
someone listens from under the bed.
he grabs a tuft of someone's hair and lowers him to his knee.
someone holds his opponent in a choke hold.
someone carries a crate of glasses away.
and walks up to someone.
someone wearily creases his lips.
light fills our view.
turning away, someone sets his diploma and graduation robes on a chair.
light shines down on the couple standing close together.
the kidnapper speeds down the adjacent two-lane surface street.
they each strip out of their underwear, hurry to the edge of the dock, and
the fire and smoke soon blot the dead nobleman from view.
it takes on the appearance of volcanic rock
in the basket, someone gazes out at the dozens of balloons hovering over a tranquil harbor.
someone scoots out of their booth.
someone and someone pushed someone up through the window and on the top of the bus.
his thumb caresses her cheek in a gently rhythm.
someone sleeps alone in the guest bedroom.
someone looks at her for a moment.
he shoots her doctor a glance.
a tear spills down her smooth cheek.
later in a men's room, someone approaches him.
as claire scrolls downs the rows of characters on a second laptop,
she notes someone in a stall.
he opens the drawer.
he ducks into their bedroom.
he massages his palm and eyes someone.
the boy tries to run but the dog blocks his retreat.
someone puts snow down someone's pants.
sister blinks heavily and lets out a breath.
now, in a busy cafeteria, someone and someone carry their meal trays.
a woman enters.
the crowd outside disperses and the mission proprietor heads back inside.
taking it into the kitchen, he sets the plate, place mat and glass on the island.
with an aggressive kick, he rolls the body over and crouches beside it.
soaked with soda, the pregnant woman raises her hands overhand and yells after him.
someone slides up to the projectionist and studies his contraption.
someone takes the book from her then gives an awkward nod.
she nods to herself then cracks up.
a pot hangs over a stack of firewood.
later, he sits on the hotel bed, blankly watching the weather forecast.
someone dives onto the floor as the creature swoops to another perch.
with a sheepish gaze her boss slowly swivels his chair around, putting his back to her.
chewing doritos, he tosses down the remote and wipes his mouth and hands on a pillow.
someone removes a pair of scissors from her tool belt.
someone fires a few bursts at the fifth floor of the tower then sees the sniper's head.
someone shyly looks away.
the devil turns and his minion looks up.
the guys climb out from the basement, then tip over a refrigerator, slamming the grate over another alien.
but he shuts it and looks away.
looking at her, he shrugs then nods emphatically.
he gets into a sleek silver sports car, parked under the baker's flashing marquee.
as someone drags the stranger down an alley, the car backs out of view.
someone walks into the interrogation room.
in slow motion, someone sprints with wide eyes, his mouth agape, while someone runs with his hands over his head.
a traffic light changes from red to green.
switching gears, someone releases the clutch and peels out after them.
smiling, she looks him in the eye.
he faces his wife.
someone's half, tears it in two, and shoves it in a wastebasket.
the man lowers his gun and ghost rider's head slumps.
someone grabs his jacket and storms off.
wearing striped boxer shorts, someone rolls on top of her.
someone's parents walk her up the aisle, stopping to face the young american boy.
someone swings a sledgehammer and knocks holes in a concrete wall.
someone grabs a new empty bottle of wine from a table and smells its contents.
the spinning blades nip the tips of someone's hair.
now, the mee family enters a restaurant.
someone slides her right hand.
he caps a thermos then sets it near a collection of cellphones and sips from the thermos cup.
she backs into her bedroom and they fall on her bed.
now, she runs along a sidewalk, with someone trailing close behind.
he fires it at someone.
as they eat their ice cream, someone enters the distant dining room and digs through a bag on the table.
still seated, someone shakes to the beat.
as he hangs up, the women sit.
we drift back and find the sub in the midst of a frozen sea.
he stares at them as his instructor continues.
facing the parked car, someone telekinetically drags it out of its spot.
he takes out his tools.
they hustle outdoors again and climb into their research truck.
then faces her towering, treelike sculpture.
she drops her eyes and shifts uncomfortably.
she cups someone's face in her hands as she kisses him one last time, then turns away and strides out of the airport.
she cleans up the papers.
someone clasps both hands around his booze bottle.
a banker leads someone to a vault.
later, someone practices on the pathway between the battlements, kicking his way forward along the wall.
they stare in bafflement at a coiled poo.
they pull up.
grabbing someone's hand, she pulls him into a dressing room.
the hairless patches on the
he sours and carries the penguin away.
blinking back tears someone sympathetically cocks her head.
a team of horsemen approach.
someone turns away from a three-foot hole in the wall and crosses to the front door, where he finds someone with a bottle of wine.
in a flashback, someone interrogates someone at gunpoint.
the heavyset thug staggers back fearfully.
he steps up to the platform and grabs the handles.
with his eyes fixed on the escaped bear, someone takes the phone from his son.
the guard patrolling his front yard.
snowy paddles toward it, but someone grabs the dog's tongue and sucks down the alcohol himself.
now fog drifts over the white house lawn at dusk.
a police cruiser pulls up by the wrecked car.
someone's pursed lips form a brief, loving smile.
someone steps closer to someone and shrugs his brow.
a data match calculator runs above 13%.
at his station, the guard turns on a portable radio.
the ship speeds toward the bobbing wooden lifeboat.
with his bottom lip jutting angrily, someone trudges past his mother and into the complex.
inside the house, a short blonde in her 60s exhaustively works out on a stripper pole.
gaunt, whiskered someone peers out at someone from beneath a broad-rimmed hat.
a trooper climbs into one of the flying bombs as bay doors beneath it open.
at the front door, someone faces a small dog.
casting a warm glow on someone's face.
the red and gold flag, queen someone finds someone's helmet underneath ringed by the english crown.
as she pours a glass of milk, someone returns to the table.
meanwhile, someone overturns a cart.
he stands and approaches a cabinet.
he pulls out a common rock.
she looks at someone.
clutching it with both hands.
someone sighs and hangs up the phone.
they head through a set of glass doors to another staircase.
at her open window, she tosses the scraps and watches them flutter downward.
one man sits slack-jawed, his head lolled back trailing blood from two holes.
behind him, a trash can falls over.
as the storm engulfs us, jagged shards whip around then block out our view of the fleeing vehicles.
someone creeps off.
she jerks it away.
someone removes his reading glasses, then gazes after her.
the valet hugs someone as another valet pulls up in his car, which is covered in bird droppings.
flipping through its pages he skims over photos of parade goers.
he glances aside, then looks at his right foot again.
trembling, face down, someone watches his dead love.
looking away, she finds another box filled with trophies and photos.
backstage in an overcoat, sister approaches her sisters already dressed.
he takes a drag and points out harold's house.
wearing an ear-to-ear grin, he paddles toward shore.
she raises her glass.
the instructor leaps off the platform and catches up to them.
resting on the upholstered headboard she thoughtfully scratches her arm.
removes the pick from the fret board, and plays.
someone's mouth drops open as she gazes at her son.
they walk slowly into someone's dark apartment.
she has only one sister of the heart.
faced man.
taking shallow breaths, he remains frozen in place.
as the kids disperse, someone's concerned gaze lingers on her colleague.
as someone touches back down to the street, someone's crew course after him through an alley filled with old tires.
scowling, someone obediently pulls the jacket off his shoulders and arms.
smiling, she gazes at him hungrily, then gives him a passionate kiss.
someone glances at her opponent, then breaks into a lively charleston, kicking up her heels.
she walks into the wood-paneled bar and spots someone.
he flings her head to the side and stands upright.
a marquee reads zazie dans le metro.
in the next bed over, the goat sleeps with his head on a pillow next to
nearing the end of the bridge she fakes him out and as his suv grazes the right hand railing, someone races ahead on his left.
later, someone walks her to a car.
the journalist runs across the street to a building.
she raises her arm in a final pose.
later someone walks to a large estate house and knocks at the front door.
seen distantly through the doorway, someone leaves the stereo and walks out of sight.
they hug in the street and grin at a ringo starr record in a shop.
she shows a steak.
back at the archives someone spreads out a map of sweden.
he turns the page again and studies a portrait of a sickly somber faced boy.
the automatic doors slide shut behind someone.
the lines stop right behind someone.
in another aisle, a little girl takes a plush giraffe from a display cubby.
the narrator climbs into the escalade's passenger seat then eyes the back.
someone glances up at a cracked window.
she smiles and glances away.
benches line the space, facing a performance screen.
shaking it, someone grins.
someone frowns then sets down his crutch and takes off his plain white t-shirt.
someone opens the door, revealing a narrow four-post bed on a lavender carpet.
someone jensen dons eyeglasses.
someone looks up at someone, who looks away, his gaze betraying a hint of contrition.
later, someone walks the girls to the car.
he cuts her off with a deep, passionate kiss and lifts her off her feet while the performers remain perfectly still below them.
someone shifts his attention to the bystanders gathered in a wide circle around him.
kicking his legs he drops onto the back of the plane as it pitches forward.
her body falls limp and he drags her to the sedan.
the hostages put on dark loose fitting coveralls.
turning, someone sees water jet from its splitting seams.
they clutch their heads as the boy crushes their helmets into their skulls.
a photographer takes pictures of a bride and groom.
the physician watches as someones distressed husband takes a seat at his wifes bedside.
someone doesn't budge.
now, an adults only menu pops up on a tv screen.
just before it slips off the edge, the locomotive starts to climb the angled track.
someone stares at his daughter, who looks up sweetly at the inspector.
outside, two agents pull their car up as their superior exits the building.
someone yanks out a handful of green goo.
flames instantly consume the attendant.
an statue coming to life.
she tosses the watermelon into the air.
someone sees the helicopter still on the ground.
faces the red eyed, blue skinned leader of the frost giants.
they swap an icy look.
holloway faces his colleague.
he touches his forehead and pumps a fist.
with disappointment in her eyes, someone turns away.
awhile later, someone sits alone in front of two uneaten salads on the table.
now at home, someone's mother serves her peas.
someone inserts his wrist.
he notices someone walking nearby.
our view drops onto a coffee table and records someone and someone on a couch.
someone spots the name huron on a street sign.
her bullets create a cluster of snowflake-like impressions in the glass.
the woman faces a window to a room.
someone puts the monitor down and heads off.
someone helps someone up, hugs him, and spins him around.
now piles of mail cover tables and countertops in the hamilton home.
someone steps out in a silver dress, her long hair draped over one shoulder.
she walks deeper into the apartment and looks around.
the red-haired dancer steps out.
someone shuts the lid, darkening our view.
he pulls back a lever, uses a piece of wood to keep it in place then leaves the controls.
still on the roof, someone clutches the front bar of the surfboard rack as he rides on his belly.
someone smiles adoringly, and follows someone past several other passengers to the back.
she sinks down to the floor and leans her back against a booth seat.
someone stretches out his hand and someone flies into his grasp.
inside, someone brushes past a secretary's desk.
lying back in her chair, someone sobs again.
eyes the rosy-cheeked young woman, then shyly bows his head.
back in charlotte's empty apartment someone pulls away abruptly and looks up at someone.
summoning a breath.
the irritated boy swings the jacket behind his back and works his arms into the sleeves.
someone observes them gravely.
at the front, she forces the busty woman forward.
he rests his elbows on his legs,
he lunges for the phone.
as she straightens, the reptile rises to match her.
the young boy follows his mother.
someone chases after him, then slows and turns into another room.
in slow motion, someone's wings give a powerful flap and his skates lift off the ice.
someone scoops up several drawings with both hands.
he wears a double beer can sipping helmet.
someone turns away and closes his eyes.
someone removes the padded inserts from her bra.
someone lifts a folded fan of the locker's shelf.
she opens the front door.
someone, as he fires again.
the pastor stares, aghast.
coming within inches of the hidden woman,
someone rocks someone's chair.
he sets his leather bag on the floor and the bowl on the counter.
someone rushes up behind the soldier.
bandages conceal her features.
someone dashes past a man who provides covering fire, then jumps into a waiting car.
she glances at the other guests, then back at someone.
someone leaps out, tackles the caddy, and tumbles with him into the water.
someone returns to the kitchen and kicks a trash can.
as the giants rush in, a bright beam of light shoots down from the sky.
a guy in the gallery directs.
someone sets two plates on the table and they each take a seat.
at the wheel, someone faces him.
now a park features an overlook where waves crash against the base of steep cliffs.
someone hides at the end of one unit and watches someone creeping by.
her final dart hits a janitor's thigh and he falls from a tall ladder.
he lowers his glove from the man's gaping mouth.
now civilians give interviews.
someone, someone and someone are cracking up.
someone bonds unto her bed and opens the box.
someone flaps his hands like wings.
then opens a box containing mouse wedding-wear.
the alien looks over.
the trainees observe as someone puts on a headset.
logan puffs on his cigar and the two recruiters exchange a resigned look.
someone gets out of the car, and runs up to the second floor of a small, run-down apartment complex.
her mother wears a hat.
he listens uncertainly.
in the new mexico desert, agent someone crouches on the ground beside a circular pattern in the sand.
their railcar breaks free from the train crashing into the support structure below the track.
wearing a tattered coat, shorts, and sweater, the boy creeps toward the store.
as someone watches it calmly, someone flails his arms and recoils.
someone grabs for a mast jutting five feet from the prow, but a passing wave compromises his reach.
we whiz back through the locker room, to the lap pool, where someone stands uncomfortably.
the flag drops, and someone attacks before his opponent even breaks his bow.
as he absorbs the bullets,
and lists a phone number.
a woman sips from a champagne glass, which shatters.
someone offers the ring, then retracts it.
meanwhile, someone checks his things as a locksmith changes his lock.
he swings out from a rail, kicking a man down.
someone stands with his glasses drooped down to his chin.
the automaton's head droops as it winds down to a stop.
sinking his teeth into her neck, he spins her around lifting her off her feet.
chewing her bottom lip, someone stares at her phone.
a charred someone shoots someone in the shoulder.
someone beams and closes her eyes.
holloway ventures forward and someone follows.
pulling around in front of him, the escalade comes to a stop.
as someone follows, his truck rips off the open door of a parked car.
she leaves the restroom to find someone waiting outside.
the horn snaps in two and the beast collapses, leaving the broken off tip lodged in the tree.
her calm aim, hold steady.
someone heads into a lobby.
he applies gauze to the wound.
the extended lock on a door leading to an adjoining room, bumps repeatedly against a door jam.
in a private jet, pepper watches senator someone on a television screen.
the swat team enters her apartment while she approaches the fresh hole in the wall.
a door to another corridor opens for her.
someone takes his bouquet of flowers and hurries in another direction.
someone stands in front of the toyshop and stares at someone.
someone rides upward on her stage platform.
in a farmhouse, gang members change clothes while eating.
his friend and colleague grins as someone watches someone walk across the room.
as someone writes, the lead runs out on his only pencil.
someone sits with her mouth open then shakes her head and smiles.
he tracks.
in a dim living room a cell phone vibrates on a coffee table.
he spots a framed photo with someone in it.
he lies prone on the carpet.
moving hesitantly, she ventures a look at someone through her glistening eyes.
he stares at it for a moment, then slides the closet door shut.
looking up from his work, he takes in her natural scaly form.
comes out from under his limo and faces someone.
with his hands clasped calmly behind his back,
someone shifts his weight anxiously and someone stares.
lying back, he uses one leg as extra leverage.
someone grasps the card player's forearm.
she stops beneath the red and white emergency sign and looks back,
she rolls out the lower level of a trundle bed.
later at a computer, someone types a-n-d-i-g-a-r-c-i-a into the google search field and gets back image results and links for the handsome dark-haired actor.
the branch under her feet snaps and she hangs upside-down.
someone tries to clap his hands over someone's mouth, but someone pushes him away.
they roll someone off the mansion balcony.
the flashlight beam sweeps up the pointing arm.
travelling parallel, the balls bounce once and land in side-by-side cups.
wearing a shimmery teal outfit.
pillars of black smoke plume skyward for miles.
he runs into a tunneled plastic sheathing leading to the crater's center.
another man opens the door completely to reveal a seemingly empty shelf.
someone and someone enter his office.
in the duct, someone slides her chest between the blades then squeezes her arms down her to side.
someone punches him in the gut.
he holds the tank lid ready.
returns her gaze to the mirror and lifts the brush to her lashes again.
he gets out of bed, and goes to a side door.
passing some scaffolding and a few partly torn down buildings,
indoors, someone and someone swap a look.
someone's winged sneakers flap uselessly beside it.
photos of someone and someone, standing next to a christmas tree.
crouches as she rides through the swirling spiral of water.
someone looks on his friend's face.
he speeds out a door and onto a narrow road.
and rests his cheek on the top of someone's head.
someone and someone cross the street to pershing square central cafe and have their date.
as someone sips wine, his date slips her foot out of her shoe and slides her toes up his leg.
both girls leap from the vehicle which races on with the zombies still aboard.
someone follows.
beyond a line of breaking waves, vibrant shades of ocean blue extend to the horizon meeting powder blue sky.
he gets off the car.
now we drift over piedmont park.
he gives a "so what" shrug to the concerned shopkeeper.
in chicago, we soar through the tall buildings, skimming a white steeple set with a gold cross.
the secretary flexes the foot of her crossed-leg as she eyes someone.
as they part, she faces her friend shyly while the boy makes a cocky face.
the guard looks through a peephole then unlocks the door for the janitor.
someone rubs his eyes.
two hands clasp in a soul brother shake and we see a compilation of explosions.
someone and someone pull up in a squad car.
someone and someone give him surprised looks.
breaks, she waves dismissively.
someone limps to his starting position as someone regards him wearily.
someone closes her file, and slowly walks to her seat.
someone resumes the gunfight.
two kids ride past them.
someone sits in the passenger seat while someone grabs the loot and gets behind the wheel.
she tidies up her fringe.
he arrives and riddles someone with bullets.
that evening, he crosses the driveway.
he closes the drapes.
someone closes his book and gets up.
it parks in front of an apartment building and the parkers get out.
it hits the edge and falls to the floor.
she wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him on the cheek.
as someone blocks and dodges them, mr.
someone passes the lively blonde and beats her to the edge.
someone tightens his lips and takes a seat beside her on the bench.
open a door and leads the others onto a subway platform.
as the inspector yanks someone, the automaton sails into the air.
crouching at a toilet, the rich man vomits.
both join the mop and the mop stands alertly on three
using a walk behind electric forklift,
the rest of the family follows her off.
his head lolls backwards as he spirals upwards.
someone looks askance at him then fully meets his gaze.
someone waves his knife at the partiers.
someone brushes pass him.
the pod slides open and reveals someone, now several inches taller and extremely muscular.
someone leads toms through to the adult's only section.
as he enters, barton lingers in the hall.
on the beach, someone struggles to keep his head up but collapses.
lingering by the window
the head lands beside the mammoth body.
his fingertips brush a small parcel within.
someone opens his mouth as if to speak, then shrugs his hands.
she starts across the street, but someone remains on the sidewalk.
picking them up, he gives an imploring stare.
someone and someone enter a ballroom filled with celebrating students.
he pushes open a hinged window pane and stares at the street far below.
she turns to a servant.
he pounces, pinning her to the ground and putting a knife to her throat.
regaining control, someone loops the chopper around.
his gaze hungry and remorseless, someone leans down, planting his fists on either side of his victim.
go, drive.
someone sits alone.
bubbles gurgle up into the water tank.
her dilated pupils shrink to tiny dots.
someone swallows, dropping his gaze, then shakes his head and locks eyes with someone.
someone takes a deep breath as his companion grins eagerly.
eyes widen at someone.
they drive through a suburban neighborhood with wide green front lawns and large shady trees.
he takes off a shoe.
as the steam fills a chamber beneath her, she reaches a door and peeks through its window into a hallway.
she trudges toward a construction crew huddled around a table collapsible canopy.
at a dune, someone, someone, and someone plop on their stomachs and peer down at three creatures.
as she accesses someone's account information a news report plays on a nearby tv.
further out, someone's three surfing buddies disappear over the top of a cresting 15-foot wave.
as he puts it back on.
someone walks up to the statue and examines a stone globe.
facing someone, he spreads his arms.
someone follows a sidewalk by himself.
speakers sit atop the mosque's tower.
tilting his side mirror, someone spots it.
now a helicopter passes in the distance beyond someone johnson's shack.
someone stubs out her cigarette and starts to walk away.
a huge creature rears up, something strikes the truck smashing the windshield, someone vanishes.
the engineer furiously turns a wheel then shoves a lever.
a sweaty someone cuts a small piece for his mother.
palm trees grow within the palace compound.
now, someone fires puck after puck into the net.
she turns her back to him and punches her pillow.
he dashes down the quiet pre-dawn street.
now beyond griffith observatory's hilltop, downtown l.a. spans the horizon.
the other man leaves the table.
someone lies on her back and slithers her feet between the blades.
she hops off her stool and walks away.
facing three mannequins, someone shoots a shaft of energy from his chest.
she picks up a fistful of pebbles from a tree planter, hurls them after the departing car, then staggers off.
she shoots a look at someone, who cracks up.
flailing on her back, someone watches the ship's outer wall close in.
now he runs towards someone's garage to find a blazing light moving within.
in town, someone and his friends hurry outside and stare toward the funnel cloud forming on the horizon.
keeping still, the businessmen eye the man standing before them.
the destroyer rises to its feet and gazes upward.
as someone drinks, he sees men and women in the crowd eyeing him dubiously.
the falcon glides just above a canal.
an awed someone watches from the bench.
as someone clears the entrance, virgil lines up behind them.
his back to the railing, someone shoves the balloon into the back of his jeans and digs around.
to green and someone puts the car in gear.
someone strolls up to the bar and leans her back against it.
a man with short-cropped black hair and wearing a dark-blue military uniform steps in.
two racks topple over by an electronics store, and he struggles to right them.
in the hallway, the recruits and soldiers duck.
someone wrestles him off her.
someone kisses her again.
holding the yellow container by his side.
he looks someone over.
he activates the arc reactor, which sends an electrical charge along the frame of the arm and into the whip.
at the army camp, he distributes letters to soldiers.
now someone plays basketball.
tears well up in someone's eyes as he stares at his father.
someone grabs the alien's arm and someone wraps his arms around them all.
she shows a container.
then peers down at the cot again and backs up toward the cell door.
someone looks down and shakes her head
in the movie theater, someone glances at someone who wears glasses.
someone looks on with a fond smile.
she leaves and someone stares ahead.
inside, the vest-clad alien takes out the canister and hands it to his partner.
someone stares after his friend with a furrowed brow and swallows hard.
someone smiles then faces his son.
someone looks demurely up at him from the daybed.
he holds her down as her body tenses and bucks.
he holds out the gun and the backpack.
someone takes a deep breath, edges toward someone, and attacks.
it throws someone into a jukebox and sends someone flying.
opens the window, and climbs inside.
now the family sits with their eyes cast down as a teenage asian boy joins them.
he views his disgruntled son onscreen.
holding several glowing rods.
someone sits down his things, scoots away from his desk and stands.
someone lies on the couch under a blanket.
someone gyrates her backside, then looks over her shoulder.
the lone man shifts his head.
someone demonstrates a pinched pout.
he spots a crumpled hand-written note atop an unopened envelope marked, past due.
someone watches from the curio shop window and sees someone wearing someone's ring.
as he hands it over to holloway, he dips his index finger in it.
now, a woman sits at a bar.
as the bear trudges away, someone makes a call.
she runs her hand over her husband's.
stylish guests relax on the elegant deck.
he puppets the boy.
with a sigh, he rises.
the robed manager steps out of the hotel and gazes ahead at the canal.
in slow motion, someone, someone and the kids try to cross the parking lot.
she takes someone's hands and pounds them against her chest.
starring robert downey jr. as someone stark and iron man.
he looks back down at the fallen general then tosses his weapon aside.
someone attacks, but the seasoned vampire deflects his every strike.
now in prison, a female guard escorts sister into a visiting area.
someone ignores the call.
a cop suddenly gets flung away from their car.
someone unclasps her bra.
in an office, an aging hand sets a needle on a spinning record.
later, amid the crumbled ruins, someone steps past frost giants as he approaches king someone, who sits on his throne.
someone picks a leaf from her
someone stands as someone pulls up and steps out of his car.
they meet in a tender kiss.
the father clasps his hands behind his back and addresses someone sternly.
darkness fills the sky and ghost rider's flames sputter weakly.
someone gets off first and helps the others.
she moves her body closer to his as they dance.
he opens a drawer and rifles through it.
in a bathroom, facing a mirror, someone finds a bottle of rubbing alcohol and twists it open.
the manager presses a button on the tall man's glasses.
they squeeze each other tight and kiss tenderly.
later, he sets a case of budweiser in the passenger seat.
she hits the wire.
someone manipulates his handheld.
spy peeks out at them.
someone hangs up, sitting alone on a weightlifting bench.
general someone walks off.
someone strolls into his room, and reclines on his bed.
now someone strolls the campus.
someone propels someone into a stall.
now, someone opens a wooden gate.
nodding, someone looks off thoughtfully.
she puts it to her ear.
the middle-aged student gathers his things and makes his way towards someone's table at the back of the room.
seated in the humvee, someone glances away and licks his lips.
she sees him racing to the escalator.
wearing a red, white, and blue costume and mask, someone picks up a shield decorated like the american flag and runs onstage.
someone backs up and sinks to the floor.
does the same.
an old woman in a bath robe leads someone up a dank stairway.
he strides past someone then glances back at him.
plasma zaps the cage from all directions.
someone shakes her head.
inside, someone leads her friends to a 10 x 3 foot painting of someone.
they're seated at a table.
someone takes a sip, then spits it out.
as someone reaches for his sword, someone kicks it away, hauls him to his feet and pulls him close.
then shows a photo on a cellphone.
she gives him a peck on the cheek and dashes away.
silhouetted by an offstage light, she strolls away stoically.
she trades a look with her
one shows the blurred figure of a young woman at a window.
the young man grins.
the elevator doors slide open and he grins awkwardly.
someone grabs a bedside container of antacid tablets and pops one in his mouth.
running to the car, she opens the passenger door and finds the backseat empty.
someone squeezes it near his ear.
a rat faced deacon nearby glares at someone as he sips from a tin mug.
wearing his leg brace, the station inspector paces down a staircase and surveys the crowd.
the bully punches him in the solar plexus, then boots him backward with a kick to the chest.
sitting on the floor, he kicks the ball.
the zombified someone staggers in, arms outstretched, mouth bloodied.
someone straps on a helmet and hits the kick starter.
at the boarding house, she puts on her father's coat and rolls up the sleeves.
someone sucks her lower lip in, eyeing someone sympathetically.
sitting up, an injured soldier reaches for his weapon as the masked men enter.
someone staggers out of the closet.
now two mice making a massive sandwich.
he glances toward the bedroom where someone lies asleep under rumpled covers.
she bangs her walking stick on the ground, creating sparks.
rust-red walls support ancient rib-tiled roofs.
later, he leads the boys through the parking lot.
someone sits with someone on her bed and tries to feed her soup.
someone comes to a stop.
the surgical team works diligently.
sister and her sisters perform on stage.
someone leads someone and someone over a fence.
he gives someone a gentle pat, then looks away, and takes a deep breath.
someone turns the nozzle to face someone.
she raises her fingers to her lips, shifts her coquettish gaze, and grants him a chaste kiss.
someone ambles back into the room.
as the ride comes to a stop, someone rushes over and helps the girls out of their seats.
a swarthy fashionable man in a suit rises from a chair.
as the flames rise higher, someone gazes around the factory.
rows of stainless steel tables hold various alien body parts.
someone grabs the last vial of serum and shoots dr.
someone scoots down, flattening her head to one side it passes under the flailing alien.
a retro stereo sits on a cabinet, against a wall with framed photos.
snapping to, she gazes longingly at the performance.
watching them head upstairs, she grins.
the plunging water sends up pale mist that swirls around the ship.
someone ends the call.
someone walks off with his arm around someone.
her estranged laotong stares at the floor, her jaw set tight.
now the getaway car pulls out, making a u-turn.
the guys look toward the choir.
he grins at us and executes a roll.
we gaze past the oriental pearl tower and the adjacent huangpu river to the hazy city.
he presses the button.
someone takes a deep breath and makes no move to meet her.
the ball drops as it touches his nose.
her exotic lover steps out, then turns back and gives her a kiss.
at the front of the house, a panel of judges watches him intently.
now someone receives another.
two others lead someone across.
later, someone finds someone waiting outside.
someone pulls three tranquilizer rifles from a cabinet.
the tall woman and two of the dancing beauties emerge from doorways nearby.
he rests his arms on the table and leans forward.
someone's chin furrows sadly as he stares at his mentor.
as they hold each other close, they gaze out at the city rooftops.
someone gives them a kiss.
on illuminated floor panels, a soaking wet woman clad in bandage-like undergarments does push-ups with a determined stare.
someone sips a drink.
someone drops his gaze as the man walks inside.
someone's jaw drops and she shakes her head.
someone shoulders his bag.
someone lies down on his board and paddles away.
screen filled with multiple satellites.
an outline of red neon flashes around the letters onstage.
his expression becomes flat and he stares out lifelessly.
in the car, someone faces the side mirror and brushes his bangs off his forehead.
alarmed passengers grasp the seat in front of them, as a flight attendant tries to assist someone.
its wavering beam glares brighter and
someone smiles, then stands and walks across the room.
he turns and aims his gun.
as he speeds down an empty road, a huge shadow lunges over the street behind him.
someone hastily stands and backs away, as someone and two others close in on him.
someone crosses to his lifelong friend and drapes his jacket around his shoulders.
upstairs, baby face bundles cash.
they linger outside.
the next morning, he lies asleep in her bed.
she turns her attention to the side of the road where a series of propped up surfboards read, "welcome home someone.
someone goes to a tv and clicks a remote.
as someone crawls through the opening, his helmet light dims out.
he picks up someone.
nearby, a long haired mechanic works on a car.
someone backs away.
the guard runs over to them he breaks them up a second time.
a map highlights the southern states.
he starts to sidle out from under her.
she pushes a bass player out of the way and sings into a microphone.
using a cane for support, he strides into the bathroom, and dumps the pills down the toilet.
as he stares at his imposing superior, someone nods him toward the door.
someone sits close to someone.
he turns back with a hardened look.
he falls on his back.
he points the gun inside.
she wraps her arm around his chest and they ride off.
now a round-faced teenage beauty dances with other girls wearing a vibrant red saari.
someone spots her in his side mirror then cuts her off before she can pass.
she gives an amused smirk.
someone cleans her eyeglasses as she sits fully dressed.
she places the fan in the young woman's palm,
as he mows down a group of zombies, someone watches.
an older teacher sits crossed-legged and chants as teenage girls perform a lively dance.
a vendor leans toward someone.
now, someone approaches the nurses' station.
outside, someone leaves the metal gate behind and crosses the open ground toward the sedan.
a bearded man and a moustached man step toward her.
sitting in the middle of the boat,
someone's smile freezes.
troy responds with a resigned nod.
their wavy haired leader steps close.
someone brings up a video feed from someone's house.
someone freezes, staring off with a scowl.
the bug and splattering blood everywhere.
she takes a deep breath as a breeze blows wisps of hair across her face.
the injured boy pushes himself up on his elbows, then rolls himself onto his uninjured side.
hand in hand, they arrive at a crowded street corner.
someone pokes him with his wand.
he recoils.
the crew steps into a hanger.
bringing a tea pot to the table, someone watches her.
someone hurries to catch up as he exits.
he halts and eyes its neon sign, then heads inside.
someone swats the swooping falcon, then turns onto a narrow village street.
he joins her at the laptop.
he touches the brim of his cap.
he places his open hand on its back.
he glances at the limo.
someone smirks to herself.
later, someone arrives at home to find it completely redecorated.
as two young women make out.
someone slips the box and picture in his pocket.
he answers his cell.
she looks down.
the mustached, middle-aged man glares at him over his shoulder.
approaching racecars zoom around the limousine as someone drives faster.
he strides away.
someone's mom points to her breasts then pushes away the men and grabs her behind.
now through a downpour, the tall, young man crosses a street.
the three companions fall to the floor as lightning zaps the safety barrier behind them.
someone regards her longingly, then turns away and walks back inside.
someone and someone bleed out.
someone follows someone, who holds two cocked pistols, into the room.
magellan identified specific site locations.
a close-up shows her pen gracefully filling a page with elegant cursive.
as someone and his agents leave, someone watches with narrowed eyes.
he takes another sip.
she pushes herself towards him.
someone takes the yoke and pulls back.
rocky partition and peers down a fairly spacious passageway, his helmet light striking the rain-like mist.
she mimes texting.
the fighting someone finally crouches into a ready stance, then flails wildly at someone.
then look around furtively.
someone checks the gun's chamber and clip, then holsters it in his waistband.
she and the thief tug it back and forth
she widens her eyes.
his jaw hanging slack, someone steps over to her.
someone removes his cap and shrugs.
one shows a partially obscured figure wearing a prep school blazer.
later someone drapes a silk scarf over a lamp.
she grabs the packet of cocaine that kip gave her, and falls on her side.
on another day, now wearing a pink dress, someone watches a businessman head off for a meeting.
now on a dark stage, a spotlight shines down on someone, who wears a sparkling outfit and her platinum wig.
he sets the sizable pallet of wooden slats on the seat then reaches for his raft.
an image appears on a screen.
she rises and rushes out.
someone sits in a massage chair.
someone dives into the river and swims after the escaping submarine.
the wealthy man takes a few steps forward, then shifts his uneasy gaze and loosens his tie.
someone emerges from a room.
a man wearing a turban blinks.
on the road, a gunman in one suv fires on the jeep which evades to the right.
someone searches a small pink-tiled bathroom.
now in class, she finishes chopping first.
he marches on across the dock through a dense fog.
someone slides open a drawer and takes out a film canister.
someone takes a mug in hand and leans over someone.
nearby, someone helps the female diver strap a rebreather to her back.
an older gentleman kisses her.
now he rests against the root wall and splashes water on his face.
he hurls them at the oncoming boats.
she drops onto the roof of a parked car.
someone finds them.
setting his glass down, someone circles back around the island.
someone frowns and raises his hand.
he spots a meter maid by his car.
she sleeps on a wide lit exam table.
outside, a willow's canopy rustles in a gentle breeze as it shelters the stolen car.
every day it's changing.
now, as someone eats her lunch, someone stands at her desk.
we take in the space and find it to be a modest hotel room.
the official waves a score flag.
the stepmother moves in close.
he pulls someone's shoulders back.
with a straight line of bangs over her eyebrows approaches.
someone's lying on his bed
sparks fly as someone regains control of the vehicle.
by the ocean, someone kisses her father's cheek.
he lowers his gaze and licks his lips
now, she returns to the office finding someone semi reclined on the desk.
as someone moves forward, his light fades out.
a captions under the photos reads 100 years reward.
smiling tearfully, she nods.
he unrolls a poster.
the grief-stricken man pauses and looks at his ex-wife.
next, he pulls out a pair of fireproof and waterproof suspender pants.
now, at costco, the four guys sit around a fake fire in a camping display.
someone, who glances around at her.
he sips the coffee in a psychiatry session.
now back at the hotel, the group disembarks from a shuttle.
then turns on his music and settles in.
an elongated pyramid atop the dome tilts toward the horizon and opens like a flower.
someone watches as someone looks up at the shark again and exhales more air.
the woman plants kisses down his lifted arms toward his armpit.
someone unreels some rope.
the image dissolves to a teenage boy who sits comfortably on the bottom of a swimming pool.
she pushes it open, caressing his chest and looks up at him coyly.
he chases the girl through the house.
the two men reach a gate.
the hacker purses her lips then glances aside bashfully.
she nudges the customer aside.
she gets off the bed.
the lifeboat rests on a green and overgrown shore.
the silver and black limos swerve between lane barriers and speed through oncoming traffic.
someone enters his mother's house, catching her in her robe as she heads upstairs with a mug in each hand.
as someone fires a few more bullets, father and son survey the scene.
the broad chested young man takes the garbage out
someone hooks his finger around the grenade's pin.
she smiles at someone, who shakes his head.
the intruder walks down the upstairs hall and opens one of the doors.
the scene fades to black and credits continue to scroll.
as they head away, mrs.
it hops onto his finger.
someone casts her eyes down.
he presses his thumb against the ad and looks down at the unopened envelope from his father.
in the security hub, someone makes a call.
someone steps into the doorway and sees someone slipping in the snow as he grabs his son.
he picks up a newspaper.
someone considers him.
someone closes the urn and bows his head.
as the fighting ceases, two confused female audience members exchange a glance.
someone keeps his eyes on the armored truck ahead, rapidly approaching he collides with the rear end.
then return to the photo.
she carries the last things into the removal truck and closes the door.
contracting his abdomen, he curls upward and cuts through the snare rope.
knights wearing helmets hold their arms out to a man with a long white beard holding a trident, who sits above the seashell throne.
one of the yacht's anchors rises high above its deck.
he sets his gun and badge in a drawer.
someone goes into his bedroom.
at a remote location, someone speaks into a headset.
someone gives a stoic shrug.
bystanders gather around.
and she kisses her new husband.
a warning sign stands at their edge.
then drops her bag,
turning ahead, he slows, his lips parting.
they duck under a low archway to a side room with a tiled wall.
someone stares breathlessly.
one thug sinks to the floor as champagne corks pelt him in the chest.
someone looks on helplessly as huge glass shards rain down on frightened pedestrians.
climbing out of the cruiser, someone approaches the oblivious someone.
a young man fumbles to turn it off, then finds a full-grown bulldog lying on his chest.
as he rolls his window back up, someone frowns slightly.
he walks down the hallway with his face uncovered and his hood back on his shoulders.
someone stares with an arched brow then strides out.
later in reality, someone sips a beer alone.
someone stares at it, motionless.
in the cottage someone studies surveillance feeds on the portable monitor.
someone closes his eyes and crosses himself, then takes off his jacket.
two young women sing.
meanwhile, someone races from the haunted house exit with three zombies on his tail.
someone crouches over his head.
she drops it on the pavement.
gloria hugs her.
he places a hand on someone's head.
he puts them on and tosses a jacket to the other inmate who grabs a hat from the rack as he ushers the deputy out behind someone.
the teen dances, rips the clothes from his closet, trashes a piano keyboard and then leans close to the camera.
someone glances quizzically after someone and heaves a sigh.
she spots someone's ring.
he waddles around, then lifts his backside to someone's waist.
someone exits the aircraft, squinting in the sun and proceeds across the tarmac.
someone whips off his jacket.
someone gives a broad shrug then drops his hands into his lap.
the men start shooting from the cabin and someone returns fire.
agent someone makes another phone call.
he hands her the capsule and her jaw drops.
as we peer down through the clouds, we find carts loaded with silver twinkling in the sunlight as they travel through the streets.
someone blinks at the businessman, his face relaxed in a deadpan expression.
the butcher clasps his son tightly to his chest.
someone salaad watches someone through thick eyeglasses.
someone runs from the room.
he affects a nonchalant shake of the head.
amid a huddle of giggling women, one aims her videophone.
with her lips pursed in a haughty expression, the diva looks away.
as the others head off, someone stands over the gunned down alien, its body oozing green slime.
various action figures stand motionless in the dimly lit room.
two black boars trot around in their pen.
someone glances at pots, then walks over to the prosthetic leg, picks it up and hands it to someone.
her eyes dart and she rises from her chair.
someone leads his men through a sweep of the station.
as the sun rises, someone stands on the deck of the karaboudjan with someone.
someone looks at the piece of paper before him, narrows his eyes.
his board glides swiftly over the gently rolling water.
they just can't compete.
she buttons her designer business coat and follows him.
someone drily faces someone and someone.
a calm overtakes someone's face.
then turns and rests her head on her own crossed arms.
her face softens.
someone attacks with a hitch kick, but his opponent sidesteps out of the way.
the tentacle rubs persistently against the window then slides down the glass.
then holds him out at arm's length and gazes tearfully at him.
in the present, someone reads the manuscript page with doleful eyes.
he points to a wall of framed photos.
someone picks it up and opens it revealing someone's personalized inscription.
she refills a water glass.
she smiles and pats his arm.
now, he walks down the parade route with the snapshot in his hand.
with a slight someone she finally turns,
her backup dancers move upside-down on their chairs in acrobatic positions.
holloway smiles up at him.
she pulls someone close and kisses him.
taking off his shirt, someone passes a couch and a divider that separates the living room from his bed.
she leaves someone with the baby and joins someone in the bedroom.
fastening his seat belt, he speeds off.
now wearing a checkered outfit, she notices another businessman on his way out.
the large agent puts someone into a headlock,
someone backs away, her mouth hanging open in a terrified stare.
with a smile, he takes the phone and dials, then lifts it to his ear.
they serve the birthday cake.
someone smiles as he returns to his truck.
someone looks up at her dad.
she glares at the ceiling.
she looks down and shakes her head.
someone briefly hides her face then dramatically gets up.
someone leans someone over a dining table and reaches into a center piece.
mackenzie's on the phone, looks up and notices his friend.
spotlights shine in a packed arena.
facing her mirror, the young woman copies the hairstyle.
he turns as a motorcycle cab trundles closer on a parallel course.
someone clutches the phone despondently.
students flood through to a vast palatial courtyard.
her teacher passes someone again.
noticing someone, someone opens his arms.
one man clutches his head in the octagon.
someone stares admiringly at someone as someone arrives.
now, news reports play in various high-end stores.
the goateed man glances down, then follows someone.
someone stops them.
the inspector turns toward someone.
she watches two men carry a body outside, then lowers her gaze.
someone ambles along with someone, chatting.
looking up from the file, he glances around then lifts his brow.
chasing him, someone halts at an intersection, then instinctively turns.
someone sets the penguin on the floor, then turns to a computer.
someone buckles his seatbelt.
later, apples lie on a wooded road.
standing in the archway, the resolute mother scans the room.
someone cocks an eyebrow at his assistant.
left behind, the railcar teeters over a ledge sending someone and someone sliding down its roof.
someone wheels a coat rack like a quarterstaff.
in the high school parking lot, someone watches his daughter approach someone, who smiles back at someone while hugging her.
someone and someone slap hands then run off together.
she admiringly sets the lid aside, reaches into the rosy tissue paper, and pulls out a graceful pale pink slipper.
someone fearfully trots up and hides behind someone.
someone's taken her skirt off.
the pair emerge from the tube, and break through several more wooden platforms before landing in a large metal dumpster of cardboard and plastic wrapping.
at the hive, someone listens to another phone and watches someone.
clutching, he awkwardly dangles a few feet off the ground, then let's himself drop.
she kneels on the floor.
someone pulls the essay from his sweatshirt and hands it to someone.
as someone brings the spear back, the tiger angrily swipes with both paws and charges.
he flies back toward the needle.
an elderly janitor shuffling past pauses and looks on.
he and someone watch as the procession heads off.
his cocky smirk gone, someone stares fearfully through glistening bloodshot eyes.
someone chews his pursed lips.
our view drifts closer to her plaintive face as she blinks tears from her eyes.
as someone gets led past, she jerks her chin up at someone.
someone purses her lips as she stares at the fallen man's weapon.
he glares, then starts to walk away.
someone rolls over and eyes the clock reading 4:45.
someone someone backs away and focuses on the smaller fish.
reading his blog post, he sips his beer.
the explosion carries someone and someone high into the air.
poolside, the three pals sleep, wearing matching towels around their waists.
the next shows someone kissing his cheek.
his script at his side, someone shifts his haunted wide-eyed gaze.
she climbs through an open window into a man's apartment.
it reads, "caspartina, miami."
someone twists his arm, and forces him to the floor.
he holds out his right fist, which bears someone's ring.
someone's mother smiles and nods to dr.
ramping off a wave, the ship's bow lands hard on the seething surface.
outside the courthouse, someone slowly tilts his head.
he opens the driver side door and pops the trunk.
someone grabs his jacket.
someone ends the call with a resigned smirk.
someone turns back to face her rapist.
the fake mirrors whisk upstage and three more dancers crawl out of them to simple wooden chairs.
key phrases show as he types - under the auspices of the office of, capricious at best and at worst, intentional distortions and false assertions of high ranking officials, spanning all four mobile exploitations, total mission failure, unavoidable suspicion, manufactured intelligence, evidence that a senior civilian, knowingly promoted.
someone shoves an earpiece into the cocky host's ear.
he shifts his eyes pensively.
two halves of the thick steel wall swing open like doors.
the two boys are swept along with the crowd as soldiers herd them into a large waiting area.
someone puts his arm around someone.
still chewing, someone holds out his wrist.
an industrial rail yard full of motionless freight trains rests beside the large boulevard.
someone bombs her head equivocatingly.
setting his jaw, the boy leaves.
later, someone pedals the stolen pedicab by herself.
the young mutant screams and the sailors fall to their knees.
someone reaches an arm across her legs and rests his hand on the other side.
she opens it and looks in.
the vehicle flies through the air and careens into a building's fifth story.
someone shoots someone a look of concern.
the men turn and gaze at a young woman with long dark-brown hair, who walks into the gym carrying paperwork.
sister rejoins someone and someone.
members of the press snap his photo as he passes.
forward and slowly looks up, then gazes at someone with an astonished expression.
he pulls into someone's driveway on his bike.
a guy throws a packaged salad at another.
the brothers look each other in the eye.
the small convertible spins out and stops, facing someone's front end.
he stands quickly on mechanical legs.
he throws more dust at her.
as someone faces someone, she exhales and lowers her chin.
clearing away more rubble, she peers through the hole again and smiles excitedly.
someone gives her dancers a thumbs up, then turns to someone.
in another, he turns a gear as he checks his pocket watch.
someone flails atop the canvas, swinging his arms and body.
in the vault, someone inserts the cylinder key into a lock at the back of the box.
people appear in the sky.
a croupier's hand nudges a tall stack of chips toward someone.
someone licks his own armpit.
someone threads a needle.
now, at her apartment she intently writes a message inside a card then slides it into an envelope.
through the open door, she sees the beefy thug ascend the staircase.
the corner of someone's mouth twitches into a tiny smile.
the water clears and someone spots the surfer clutching onto the rock.
he puts his hand over her mouth.
a nude man is covered in sushi.
our view passes along the rows of men and women
they pause and face the staring customers.
someone holds his arms out and the boy gives him a hug.
they approach towering rock formations that appear constructed into, creating buildings within their natural structures.
from the boat, someone struggles to heft up the raft.
the tattoo faced monk draws a sword and taps its long curved blade to the back of someone's neck.
now, a sign reads, "georgia girls school for the arts".
someone swaps looks with someone.
on the upper edge blows out shooting sparks and leaving the falls in darkness.
someone finishes dressing and hobbles painfully to her bag.
she raises her hands, aiming the gun harmlessly at the ceiling then lets it drop.
as roger shakes someone's hand, someone cringes.
someone stands at the layout table.
frowning, someone moves to a panel and types.
his ax lies beside them.
someone slouches and shakes her head to herself.
a red scarf hangs over someone's bridal crown,
she approaches him and he averts his gaze.
he slams the casket's lid.
the esu squad descends toward the basement.
someone pours the drinks.
now someone rejoins her group at several picnic tables.
someone glances down, working her laptop touchpad and leans toward her screen.
a preppy editor reads the title page.
the sketchbook aside and caresses his son's shaggy brown bangs.
one of the sparring boys throws his opponent to the mat.
someone stands and walks off.
her mother sees someone's face on someone's cell display.
strobe-like flashes of the tightly packed club goers go in and out of focus.
someone hangs up.
a listing about a canine in a tin can updates to a molar on a window sill.
walking backward, sir someone pours out a trail of gunpowder from a barrel.
she gives him a pat on the back
he strokes her hair, steps back, and folds his arms with a smile.
a woman enters covered in shaving cream and toilet paper.
a dark-haired girl rounds a corner and spots someone.
someone nods, stifling an eager smile.
someone runs a search.
later with his whistle between his lips, someone hefts the dead fish into the life boat.
they wander the chamber.
someone freezes, her eyes widening.
our view sharpens to reveal someone's brunette companion.
a monitor shows someone in the hallway.
someone holds up a scepter.
she rests her hand on the bride's.
someone shields his eyes.
someone peeks out from the bathroom.
he shows it to the aging players at the table, who nod.
the exterior of the domed building spins as a bifrost bridge lances through outer space to the icy surface of jotunheim, causing a glacier to explode.
someone hits the ball and it shatters pacinos academy award.
underside bears the engraving.
someone takes the broken transceiver out of his pocket.
someone leads four men down the alley
they fly through a sheet metal wall.
someone shifts uneasily.
someone presses buttons on a panel, unlocking a door.
someone rests it free of his grasp
they spot a tower-like transmitter across the room.
in the center of the rink, someone raises his arms to the crowd and lifts a gloved hand to his ear.
a helmeted worker follows the detective to the truck.
leaving the turntable, she starts to cross the tastefully decorated room.
she stares at the dead gangster.
they find it empty.
someone fishes it out.
on the screen, a gigantic creature climbs out of the crashed train car.
he hugs her and shakes her.
now a man's hand stamps a passport.
someone lets him teasingly, then wrenches himself back into the upper handed position.
as the desk clerk scans the passport its image appears on a monitor under the fake name someone.
she manages a bright smile and heads for the house.
the bolt falls from his hand.
an aerial view focuses on gleaming traffic and crowded highway lanes.
someone's lips curl into a curious smirk
leans against the barn, then glances back at the house.
a man appears with brows and goatee.
she drips oil unto her cuticles and trims them.
she lowers her eyes to his clock, which ticks down from five seconds.
the women sit on some steps in front of her.
someone buys coffees.
he trips.
his face scrunches up as he gives a charming grin.
a car drives over the man's cane, snapping it in half.
on a hallway, the housekeeping woman removes garments from a rack of laundered clothes and takes them into a guest's room.
someone keeps playing on his loft bed.
she heads off with another movie.
he washes the old man's feet.
now, a spotless sweatless someone strides past someone and someone, with an ax and an overly confident air.
he drags the boat sideways over the waves.
as someone hurriedly tiptoes by, the cat shifts in its sleep.
someone flashes a yellow grin.
someone grabs onto the back of his belt and he puts an arm around her.
someone makes a call and someone's phone rings on the table.
she and the other woman wring out a garment.
his eyes squint merrily as he leans back laughing.
the teen hides in the trunk of a car.
it reads, cupid's cabin and shows a picture of a bed and breakfast in a victorian style mansion.
someone stands pointing a pair of surgical scissors at her kidnapper.
as someone passes two butchers, one holds up a hare, still with its fur.
the control room monitor shows someone and someone in the basket.
someone pauses briefly looking over her shoulder at the sultry woman.
an mc steps to the stage and takes the mic.
as someone whispers to himself eyes closed, someone sits by him.
a cube at its center shows 600 years in the pot.
at night, a band performs under a low arched ceiling.
lying on her back, she rests another book on her chest.
someone dives for cover and someone falls.
she sets her jaw stubbornly.
now in a downpour, a burly bearded man in a raincoat pushes a wheelbarrow full of mulch.
sitting at his desk, he types feverishly.
someone shakes his head and looks away.
the soldiers file off a plane in their camouflaged uniforms.
he slings someone over his shoulder.
someone drops one with a keen shot.
he watches from the floor as she pauses.
the boy takes a bow and someone gives a thumbs up.
his impaled cousin hangs limp from the spear, now lodged in the ground at a 60-degree angle.
his body rolls back with a lifeless gaze.
facing forward, she reaches into low tool compartment and takes out a fire ax with a curved handle.
as stark operates a control panel, devices in the car's wheel wells levitate the vehicle off the ground.
with a hostile sneer, the burly agent rushes out of the car.
someone stops someone who peers after his daughter.
someone looks around himself as he claps.
looking up, someone notices the boulder sealing off their exit.
a doctor stops beside someone.
as he returns to the bedroom, she checks him out again.
she counts the meager number of students.
watching her husband's head thrash, someone struggles to fight back tears welling in her eyes.
someone brings costumes.
kneeling beside someone, noodles props him against a wall.
he advances, his lips unmoving.
her gaze grows pensive as her
with his gun in one hand, he pumps his arms as he sprints furiously.
the man casually chews gum.
the butcher hurries back to them, takes sacks from the old woman's back,
he grabs a three-foot candlestick, gathers himself then barges into the next room.
he quickly lights a candle then almost sits down on his new pet.
someone looks over the urns.
everyone wears a paper heart badge.
he forces her down as other thugs get out of their suvs.
now, someone sets a plate of pie in front of himself, and glances up from his seat.
pulling him into the light, someone finds someone's face pulverized beyond recognition.
the car arrives at a house.
someone and the sharp-dressed man lock eyes as she passes the bar.
with their guns at the ready, they creep around the parameter of a decrepit factory.
someone's lips part as he takes in the evocative image.
on another page a woman ties a feathered headdress to her head.
he shuts the door and faces someone.
someone nods then gulps hard.
someone sits in the chopper's cockpit.
he ducks as the inspector swivels and glances over his shoulder.
someone shakes dernier's hand and turns to the others.
the kung fu master lifts his head and finds another rope handle lassoing his other hand.
he glances away briefly, his eyes wide.
the patrons stand, filing out of their rows.
he wraps his overcoat around her and guides her into the backseat.
stepping into the center of the study
someone watches women spreading their legs in thigh machines.
ghost rider pulls up beside it, dismounts from his motorcycle and marches toward the vehicle with a steady purposeful gait.
he smiles and steps closer for a kiss.
reader approaches captain's egg.
she saunters away.
he takes out their pizzas.
someone rises, smiling.
bringing up the rear.
embracing, they hold each other tight.
a server sets down a napkin and silverware.
she takes out a cassette tape titled mad love, buddy.
she stops and turns to regard herself in the mirror.
passing the chapels few remaining pews he approaches the alter
as someone expels strained breaths, someone stays focused on someone.
someone freezes.
his father closes the oven door, crosses to an island counter and watches him.
and grins as he spots the girl.
now in slow motion beyond the windows of someone's mansion, someone chases sister.
someone runs around a corner and slides beneath a staircase.
the giant grips someone's arm, which turns the same dark blue color as the giant's own skin.
someone shrugs then lowers his head and walks to the door.
two ambulance workers fold someone's arms across his chest and hoist him onto a stretcher.
he faces them with his ears pointed back.
on the water, waves swell and crest several stories high.
someone climbs the fence.
he stops as a piece of flaming wreckage marked explosive lands in front of him.
someone's severed head lies on the ground by someone's phone and her lifeless hand.
someone locks it
both lie face down on the stone tiles as several police cars surround the area.
now parked, they watch a news report.
the troopers in front duck, but two troopers in the back strike the cable and fly off their bikes.
the van speeds down an industrial road at dusk.
someone sees someone hurl lawn chairs into a pool.
crossing to a front door, someone puts on sunglasses.
someone picks one up then drops it.
the others look on mournfully.
outside a castle, a magician conjures a pair of green imps who twirl batons of fire.
now, he pulls open a drawer and finds a jumble of dozens of coins in small boxes.
as they continue to sit and wait,
she puts down her purse and puts on a pair of rubber gloves.
someone moves to the riverbank.
someone chases him to the truck and across the street.
behind someone, indoors, someone gets drinks.
as the seats slowly drift back toward the crowd, the crazed zombies reach for the sisters.
someone shields his head with a pillow.
timepiece sits in the center of a grand hall.
ghost rider rises, taking out the acolytes with a circular sweep of his red hot chain.
someone spreads his arms wide.
as it fades, she lifts her eyes to his.
who's just getting on with her copying.
the violated russian soldier gives a puzzled look.
someone reaches one hand under his own chin.
they solemnly lock eyes.
she grabs a newspaper and holds it overhead.
someone squeezes his brow.
someone follows someone upstairs.
she opens a cabinet.
the zombies convulse as they fall to the ground.
she leans forward with an inviting smile.
on stage, someone sets her fingers on the keys and nervously looks over the crowd.
he sweeps his fingertips across
now someone wears a vest with a circular panel on its chest.
high above them, beyond earth's atmosphere and far across the starry reaches of space,
lars surrenders the phone.
he picks up a thick file.
soldiers fire at his shooter, who collapses.
she shrugs a hand.
facing her mirror, someone dons a bowler hat.
as someone ventures forward, the doorway shows thousands of urns stacked in giant hourglass-shaped units.
turning his head with the contract papers.
meanwhile, someone jogs through a foggy forest to the edge of a clearing where searchlights sweep the perimeter of a tall barbed wire fence.
a smiling someone points her knees and pops out her hands, then swings her arms, shakes her hips, and whips her hair back.
men in camouflage fatigues work in an air traffic control tower.
she digs into her cake then glances at the present.
he pauses, facing someone.
he shows a photo.
her intent eyes fixed on her friend's completed manuscript.
he watches his teacher roaming the chamber wistfully.
the wavy haired man and his men watch from their own vehicles.
he jabs a pistol into someone's shoulder.
someone stares at his brother then pulls his arm free,
the king of hearts card floats up into his hand.
the bustling crowd around someone suddenly stops and dances.
someone rubs creamy paste on an uncooked chicken.
padding into the living area, she picks her dress up off the floor and pulls it on.
his face buried against her shoulder.
several tires fall over someone, pinning his arms to his sides.
someone gazes up at a mural of a celestial figure shooting wind from his finger.
as he joins the others, his son leads someone into the safe house.
they find someone wielding a chainsaw.
then shakes her head, takes a breath, and steps out from behind the bed.
as he touches the fur of someone's brow, the cat briefly flinches then lies still.
bobbing his head at the sheet covered prop, he passes the closet and heads into a room resembling a dingy cellar.
on the overpass, someone hurdles a low barrier and cuts across traffic.
someone rewinds the cassette tape.
someone's hand slides down his chest.
disdainful smirk.
someone pats her shoulder.
he turns to a bodyguard.
now we float over hollywood, then track a car on a meandering frontage road boarded by luxury homes.
inside, someone leaves the bathroom holding a tissue to her nose.
someone looks for an empty seat.
someone talks to the security guard on the desk who takes the portfolio from him.
packaged kites.
he bumps into the table.
an agent steps up and handcuffs someone, who offers no resistance.
someone gives a wry look.
he tackles her affectionately.
pepper tilts her head and, frowning, stares at the drone's flashing reactor.
the man hesitates.
someone gives him a tight-lipped smile.
sitting with someone, someone wears a gloomy look.
pulling out in front of the bearded bikers, someone gets off his bike and draws his gun.
strides over, draws a pistol and takes aim.
later the scruffy man feeds someone table scraps.
someone appears in full battle armor.
someone pauses, turning her face slightly in someone's direction.
someone retrieves it as someone holds someone down with one knee and presses his gun to his chest.
she climbs back down.
leaning close, she reaches toward the map.
she picks up a wooden bucket by its rope handle.
a helmet closes over him.
later, she sits at a desk littered with several stacks of books, manuscripts, and documents.
someone pulls out the bloody shard.
the president looks up at him.
someone clamps his hand over someone's mouth and pulls him behind a rock.
she sits upright again.
someone slips off as the destroyer lowers its visor and incinerates a gas station with a beam of fire.
someone's face softens.
someone looks at someone.
someone spins the wheel and fires out his window.
as someone beats the screen door, someone notes two and a half minutes left on her clock.
two techs hurry from the opposite side of the room where a dead pig hangs upside down.
in the observatory, someone slides his sword into the bifrost control mechanism.
other cars swerve on all sides.
she enters an office.
it makes it over, nearly capsizing as it slams down behind the fishing boat.
he ducks, glances at the pole's chipped wood
we get the fluid back from mnu.
but he maintains a serene expression.
he buzzes someone through.
someone lowers his uneasy gaze.
another teen passes someone a joint and he takes a hit.
someone's gaze drifts past a sign for fried twinkies.
someone takes it out of the packet.
someone sits between someone and someone.
towards a modest parked sedan.
wearing his dress uniform, someone stares off beneath his knitted brow.
he glances at someone.
she grabs the phone and stands, looking after autumn.
fully clothed someone puts his phone in his pocket, steps out of the shower, and shuts its glass door.
later, someone ices his crotch.
someone squints down the barrel of his rifle as he takes aim.
someone drives past the propellers.
a blue glow consumes her face and her smile fades.
with a brilliant flash of light, someone's hockey uniform vanishes, leaving him clad in his satiny tunic and tights.
as someone shifts to lie on her back, someone gazes down at her.
someone and someone trail behind someone and someone as they make their way down the wet sand.
still standing in the middle of the street, someone watches as someone and the women leave.
someone sits on the edge of the bed.
someone and susan trainers rings the bell to a building with a wrought iron entrance.
his chef accompanies him on the piano.
someone and his kids finished shoveling the yard.
two boys face each other.
someone steps into a reception room, then greets several visitors as they enter the room.
meanwhile, technicians probe the area around someone with electronic devises.
someone lies face down watching tensely.
she waves goodbye to a saleswoman and steps out from behind the counter.
it slithers away.
he pulls back.
she kicks him as he turns, knocking him out cold.
now in a dressing room, the girls get ready as sister arrives.
his mother looks on from the kitchen.
later, someone lies on his bed gazing dourly at the ceiling.
the guard slides his gun directly over to a mom.
who punches him.
wincing, someone glances away.
someone glances at robert, then shifts his eyes to someone and someone on his other side.
a train door swings open and reflects the inspector in the glass.
surveillance footage shows someone taking off his backpack.
someone knocks the tray out of his hands.
someone checks his cellphone.
someone notices a crowd.
he stares at someone, who gives a halfhearted smile.
someone watches anxiously.
swinging at a third, someone drops his ax.
the kidnapper bashes the driver's head and stands glaring at the motionless body.
the boy zips through the cafe, then weaves his way through tables out front.
the suv runs the hatchback off the road and down a rugged slope.
8:48 am.
they see captain sliding down to the edge of a high rooftop.
someone gestures at cut it and points to his voice box.
now in his backyard workshop, someone drills a hole in a surfboard.
outside, by the side of the barn he digs a hole.
reaching down toward someone's chest, iron man pulls the arc reactor out of someone's body frame.
halting a few yards from the foot of the bed, she regards the ponzi schemer with a cold determined gaze.
from a bird's eye view, we watch the aliens dismember someone and devour his flesh.
someone leans back in his chair and bows his head.
meanwhile, someone lifts a rack of four large vials from the urn.
she fires at the car.
someone sits motionless, one hand on top of the desk.
he returns the syringe to its case.
she sets down a suitcase and tosses aside her keys.
she kisses someone then wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him again.
agent someone fires at someone empties his pistol into the man.
someone someone happily indulges.
they stop walking.
facing a mirror, someone drags a razor down his lathered cheek.
later, he leans against a bulletin board filled with celebrity photos.
he leads someone into a grungy bathroom where someone sits handcuffed to a pipe.
now at a commercial shoot, a dark-haired man sits in the producer's chair, followed by a bespectacled assistant.
the two agents barge in.
at the door, holloway and someone spy ancient text carved into the stone.
someone gives his wife a dapper half smile.
someone draws his gun.
he holds up a labeled spray bottle.
a figure dressed in white long-johns steps out onto the front porch with a lantern.
he resumes his call.
someone runs at the bully, who flips him over his shoulder.
meanwhile, someone kicks open a grated vent cover leading her outside.
she stares distantly, then faces someone.
someone's stunned gaze darts.
a shaggy haired man with the same colored beard lays the boy, face first, on his surfboard.
chased by another suv, someone throws a gas jug from the jeep.
someone gently taps her on the chin, and turns away.
a hand in an oversized yellow glove gives her cheek a few brisk taps.
he stands upright.
she pushes him onto the bed.
now, our view rises from a customer's menu to find someone working as a waitress in a pink uniform.
as it slides off, someone catches it, and lovingly touches his chin to his father's frail fingers.
someone stifles an amused grin and picks up the jacket herself.
the ocean's rippling surface distorts someone's view of the lost vessel.
he kisses her, sucking a fine cloud of dust into his nose and someone's face, briefly appears in the particle stream.
a pair of lights illuminate the doorway of someone's childhood cottage.
someone rushes in to the man's suv.
still in his uncle someone jacket and beard, the young man races across a building's roof.
gently knitting their fingers together.
a few yards ahead, the branches of a thick cluster of bushes move.
she reads a note on a box of tissues.
it covers his eyes.
someone, someone, and someone watch the monitor.
as someone leaves the couple, he shoves one of the hors d'oeuvres into his mouth.
someone lays him on the sofa and breathes on him.
one nails someone's groin.
another leave falls.
two teens struggle to operate the keg.
someone paces across a mat, loosely rehearsing a sequence.
he places his free hand on his mentor.
the rival teachers move to vantage points nearby.
sister gets up and lunges at him.
someone smiles as his pupil drinks eagerly.
someone finds someone in the restroom.
someone sees him drive off.
in the ring, someone looks around.
someone angrily looks away and someone rushes to someone's side.
the first shows two mice getting married.
someone leaves them.
now on a picnic with someone, someone dozes off spilling a cup of tea.
someone opens a door.
his assistant grabs the box, and someone helps him set it down.
later, he flies to a fence and burps.
someone politely rolls onto his back and looks away.
he slips a pair of scissors from the someone's bag then locks eyes with someone.
someone backs off and someone brightens.
avoiding his gaze, someone clenches her jaw.
someone tosses a stack of letters onto the fire.
while someone, someone, and beast stay put across the beach
now, the doctor checks someone's blood pressure.
someone hits his head on the car's raised scissor door as he tries to climb inside.
someone slaps off his alarm, then frowns at a sleeping penguin with its head against his arm.
a stagehand swivels a spotlight onto someone.
someone shakes hands with a bartender.
back in the city, someone lumbers down a sidewalk parallel to elevated train tracks.
someone lifts his eyes to his older daughter.
the lovely asian girl wears only a towel.
as someone skulks off, someone and someone slink toward the elevator and find someone bleeding inside.
someone looks back at his hesitant friend who makes a fist and presses on.
someone gazes toward the dangling strap that held his watch,
the dress tears as she falls into some shrubbery.
each holding a doll that matches their outfit.
later, the team arrives back at the dark, flooded base camp.
the soldier lifts his head.
on another rooftop, he does pull-ups on a corner railing.
open-mouthed, someone pauses then walks on.
it soars to the balcony and lands on someone's arm.
her bikini top filled with lumps of sand,
further on, someone leads the way, weaving through oncoming traffic.
on car seat, mother watches her baby.
in the bedroom, someone sleeps beside someone with one arm draped over her stomach.
wearing a plain-white shirt, he runs an electric toothbrush down his tongue.
glaring, his father shakes his head and faces someone.
later, someone runs up to him and leaps into his arms.
he lunges back into the car with a smile.
she blasts him off the cliff edge.
someone's joyful smile fades into a panicked expression.
the ferocious animal reluctantly backs away.
she leans on her cane and eyes someone.
with each effortless swerve, his fingertips graze the water.
someone stops writing and gazes at the tree, then writes bye.
someone shakes his head, his brow knit.
as cars whisk past at high speed, she reaches a busy street.
later, he heads down a sidewalk of darkness.
his friend in a hunter's cap skateboards holding onto the moving bus and flashes the surfer a shaka sign.
sitting on a bench, someone holds him in an appraising gaze.
now hovering over the sea,
she gives her shaggy-haired friend a hug.
they walk in on a two girls, one guy three-way with one woman thrusting in back.
he grabs a component from a cluttered workbench.
back in the cell block, someone pivots the camera.
the boy drops it and the two halves of the outermost nesting doll open.
someone's face and name appear alone on the display, surrounded by chinese text.
in the crypt chamber, someone attaches one of the detonator components to a brick of explosives.
finding a life preserver, he climbs up on the canvas secured tautly over the front half of the boat.
he waves the camera and ran off, and takes out a tissue to wipe his face.
in her natural blue form, someone faces a mirror.
someone glares at master someone, who meets his gaze with a cavalier expression.
in the evening, they bring someone home.
he's stocky guy with a friendly face he sees someone.
vivian admires her son as she shakes her head.
they hold their arms out like mummies.
back in afghanistan, someone trains another soldier.
someone lifts her head.
one behind the other, several groups of officers stealthily approach from all sides, weapons drawn.
now they ride horses.
in the hall, he finds a bodyguard lying on the floor with a pool of blood by his head.
someone, someone, and their blond colleague surround the mangled roadster.
in one corner stands an examination table on wheels.
noticing a desk with a padlock on one of its drawers he takes aim.
he sets aside his popcorn to change his posture from matching hers.
leaving his seat, the skinny, sad-eyed someone marches up to the front of the class.
someone approaches with a revolver.
she dons her glasses and peers under the hood.
they pause and sit up.
our view rises from her thigh up her blood-spattered body to her drawn face.
someone leads his men out of the courtyard and rides around the corner toward the homestead entryway.
the sac brakes open splattering her with bloody fluid and revealing the squid-like alien.
someone gazes at the man's canvass.
he climbs down a metal ladder to a large square clock suspended over train station platforms.
he sits and smiles at someone.
on a display screen, an image of north america appears with a blinking bull's-eye over new york city.
someone gives someone a meaningful look which she registers coldly.
waiters serve lobster.
sister glances across the room to someone, who initiates applause.
as someone drives through the town, he nervously shifts his eyes back and forth under the tipped down brim of his fedora.
a lanky man enters with a suitcase as the outlaws head upstairs.
she kisses someone.
he scampers off, kicking a can.
someone unlocks the door then turns to someone.
he approaches a group of fans.
in the kitchen, someone sits alone with a wine glass.
her mascara smeared, someone lies asleep cuddling poopsie among a pile of used tissues covering the bed.
now someone and someone remove their jewelry as they lie in his bed in their underwear.
he withdraws his hand from the note, peers toward the bedroom.
now in the boardroom at someone, reader and yates, a young man displays a photo of the statue of liberty with a similar statue right next to it.
someone raises a skeletal hand enveloped in blue flames.
he takes her hand and gazes into her eyes.
the someone salsa dances around a janitor.
the automaton completes the drawing
he heads down a set of steps.
next, someone works the water pump with precise arm movements.
then he takes someone's mug and goes.
someone kicks out someone's shin and the vampire almost falls on his dagger.
pump their fists and wave their swords.
someone musters a smile.
someone clutches his bleeding shoulder.
he spots his towel on the floor.
now, a news report shows the same images.
he picks up the stack as he stands upright.
a washing machine sails high and lands near someone's repair truck in the street.
she unbuckles his belt and he pulls her close.
she glances toward the kitchen.
their parents beam.
now, we view illustrations in the incantus.
it reignites then burns across the deck and down the ladder.
the mc ogles someone as she steps to the mic.
at the zoo, young someone leads someone into a shadowy back room.
he lands hard on his back.
the outlaws dash down a narrow alley.
squinting after them, she leans back.
they sit by the pool.
he kisses her smooth forehead.
she leans down, meeting his gaze squarely.
he sets it by a monitor showing a view of a shadowy wall, then obliviously picks up his newspaper again.
using his thrusters, someone rises through the hole in the floor.
sitting back in her harness, her feet pressed against the rock wall.
they look down at the plain.
then leans over someone and strokes her hair.
the congregation and choir take their seats.
on the calendar, the hand xs out the 19th, then adds to a doodle at the bottom.
someone arrives with the police.
she notices the line of customers.
a thick head band supports her disheveled hair.
he removes the stogie from his lips and glances about the dimly lighted room.
someone leaves the room, joining someone and his daughter in the hall.
sliding in on the cables, falsworth, dugan, and someone burst through window and fire weapons while someone flees down a long corridor.
they walk shoulder to shoulder.
someone stirs and caresses his wifes arm with his thumb.
he touches the soldier's cheek.
our view lists to take in the station, in the midst of the city.
he leans back, his arms draped on the boat's rim and cover.
he stares off sadly, then meets someone's stoic gaze.
the door slides shut.
it shows a glamorous burlesque dancer.
someone avoids meeting someone's eyes.
the tightly-packed headlights shine brightly beneath the night sky.
dust and someone drift down over police cars and frightened bystanders.
as his friend splits off, someone pauses in front of an electronic store display window.
someone puts his bag back on.
someone scurries to another vent and watches someone give dance lessons.
someone fires back, then talks into his radio.
someone gives an uneasy look.
and rest on the gold necklace in his left hand.
someone discovers someone curled up on the floor in a closet.
she climbs onto the rear grass-bagger as someone takes a seat at the wheel.
she looks at her beau.
someone arrives and taps someone's head with drumsticks.
the someone characters translate to "come and meet my family for dinner".
outside her apartment, two men watch from inside a car concealed underneath a bridge.
someone opens the hatch and climbs out.
the driver's window lowers, revealing his lover's face.
he pauses at the threshold.
someone steps into another room lined with scaffolding.
someone spins and looks at the book stack, but no one is there.
straightening, someone glances at him, then strides off.
she walks through the smart ibs high rise with a tall, lean guy,
now the family's suv drives through the neighborhood, followed by a mayflower moving truck.
she grabs him and kisses him hard.
someone lifts children into the back of a pickup truck as the destroyer walk into town.
someone and the drones fire their guns at someone.
someone throws the chain off, leaning over the back of the motorcycle.
someone averts her bashful gaze.
he heads over
as someone draws on his cigar, the tips glows bright orange.
more leaves fly from someone's mouth.
someone turns the video back on.
now a black luxury car approaches a mansion nestled among palm trees.
someone returns her gaze to the map.
on a stage decorated with a colorful interpretation of the sea at night, someone plays the violin.
now, beyond palm trees the sun rises over the ocean.
the operator searches her pockets and pulls her phone out of her jeans.
he cues up the laptop.
someone sets it back in the box, and answers her cell.
both men smile.
as someone backs his suv out of its hiding spot, someone shoots at them.
he glances nervously at ms.
spar lies on his side.
someone leaps from the motorcycle but lands on the sidecar, upending it.
the americans get on their backs and fire up at them.
her lips spread into a sleepy smile.
she aims a tiny mirror down the hallway and spots a security agent striding up.
he turns and yanks a sheet off a doll-sized mechanical man - or automaton - sitting at a small table.
night falls as he bolts down someone's street and into her apartment building.
the prisoners stand as someone frisks the guard's body and takes his keys.
someone lowers his gaze from the timekeeper,
he dramatically makes a fist.
he sees someone's extra time.
one of the smaller orbs takes its place and grows.
he slowly pulls it closed as he checks behind it.
someone stands, looking at the skyline
someone heads down a street.
she puts the shoe back in the box, sets it aside, and goes to a trunk at the foot of her bed.
at home, someone struts in her sparkly four-inch louboutins as she puts on the new outfit.
as someone struggles in ghost rider's grip, the flaming skeleton hurls him away then gazes into the distance.
two men ascend a climbing wall.
someone walks into an office where elderly white-haired someone sits at a desk writing.
someone hugs his son someone.
a smart girl like you with a bright future shouldn't have to spend all your time with her.
checking his mirror, someone takes an off-ramp.
he picks up the thin metal tube lying against the floor molding.
now, at a high school football game, the tall man who bought the 3d tv at costco sits in the crowded bleachers.
someone sits with his hands on his knees, staring with a furrowed brow.
someone feeds out some slack.
someone chuckles as he strides briskly around the car.
handcuffs and someone runs out wearing a towel.
his sister runs into him with a french horn.
someone tightens his jaw.
an officer takes the map.
on the roof of the lab, someone and someone sit beside a fire burning in a portable grill.
throughout the party, other guests do the same.
a monitor shows the prisoner.
a tar-like substance oozes on top.
someone pauses to eye an inscription on one of the doors.
someone pushes people from the pool table.
the young woman grins.
each man turns his laptop to reveal a photo of the same woman.
lights rises vertical and turns on.
the executives whisper to each other.
someone leads him across the street to a tawny white apartment building.
in a modern kitchen, a middle aged man stands at a stove.
as it rights itself, we find someone holding on tightly and the zebra lying inside.
someone comes down the stairs.
he sits on the floor and opens his jacket to look at his side.
someone cocks his head to one side.
as a canon fires, words appear: fort sumter, 1861.
now someone sits at the news desk.
later at their table, a waiter pours wine.
a tattooed dj presides over the dance floor.
a woman clutches a small little dog to her chest as the doberman skids past a large tiered cake, races past the band, then runs out of the other side of the cafe.
in the secure cell block, someone finds his coffee thermos empty.
she moves along the dingy windows, continuing to wave as she watches them drive on.
someone chucks her cigarette away then rummages in her bag.
is someone lonely?
as he gallops down a dirt
snarling, he races toward his fallen opponent.
behind him, someone goes inside.
he walks off in the rain.
she shakes her hips, and they laugh.
one woman holds up a sign with a downward arrow, someone cats here.
he leaves someone clutching the shovel by a large pile of someone.
his fist closed, someone shakes his head.
they land in the school's parking lot.
far behind them, a large ship appears on the horizon.
a taxi arrives.
he's whisking eggs.
he brings out more.
now they walk through a vast wine cellar.
a double strand of pearls rings her neck, and her auburn hair falls in soft curls around her face.
someone brings someone coffee.
she jerks his seat up and turns away.
someone steps away from the mirror.
now she exits with her purchase.
in a courtyard, someone weaves around sheets hanging on clotheslines
someone fires his gun skyward and the families flee.
her costume bears two handprints on her buttocks.
her lips hover inches from his.
he looks down at his lost child.
he glances at someone, who gives him a sidelong look then shifts away her crestfallen eyes.
her smile fades as her assistant heads off.
someone sits on the couch and rests his feet on an ottoman.
spar stays up on his boulder.
finding himself in a well-kept general store, he faces the owner who puts on a smile.
as a guard restrains the boy, someone injects someone through the neck.
someone faces his mentor with wide eyes and finds him beaming.
someone strides up the middle of the street toward the destroyer.
we drift closer to the working class man as he slumbers peacefully,
someone pulls forward, veering slightly to the side.
both girls smile as they drive forward.
paddling on a surfboard, the scowling boy faces a wave, bites his lip, and picks up his pace.
at the house, the man holds someone down with a latex-gloved hand.
someone bends down to climb in through the window.
a young girl lifts her head from his lap and picks something from her mouth.
in a fur-collared coat, the exotically pretty actress wears a pensive expression.
he sees it's been connected for an hour and 28 minutes.
he joggles it in his cupped hand as he faces the breathtaking cityscape.
someone coolly blows the end of her gun's barrel.
someone carries a huge stuffed pig, someone notices her taking hold of his hand.
someone halts by the gas pumps and turns back to find him taking aim.
smacking his lips, he goes back to normal.
someone quickly removes her white hospital gown, revealing her bandage-like underwear, and grabs two auto-injectors.
now our view keeps moving to a white washed dresser top lined with a simple lace runner.
revealing large feet with long prehensile toes,
the cat observes.
someone slouches downcast as his father points fingers.
someone stares skeptically.
someone gazes at her sister,
someone reads the card: to the best view in la - someone.
at his typewriter, someone furrows his brow and pauses briefly.
he pulls out the keys.
someone conjures his toothy grin.
someone reads a huge dictionary.
he pinches her lips together.
someone glances over her shoulder at someone's cruiser, which closes in.
he throws the dog over his shoulder.
someone glares as someone squats down.
someone holds someone in the headlock and flings her around.
our view rises about the grieving merlinians.
someone looks up a staircase.
he gazes off with a puzzled frown.
he passes the neighbor walking a dog, then
someone stops to catch her breath.
the patient young woman holds her purse over her lap, wearing a leather jacket.
he offers a sculpting knife.
at ally's, another magazine photo shows a sleek ponytail.
someone bursts out, knocks down two men, then grabs a soldier's sword.
the dispirited woman stares back, her gaze broken.
someone speaks into a microphone.
now, someone and someone walk side by side down a hallway leading to the arena.
as she speaks, someone stares at her stained teeth and painted lips.
they take cover as the bald thug pops out.
the troopers shoot blasters at someone as they speed closer.
someone hands someone a mirror, then answers his cellphone.
someone holds up the card, smiles, then walks off.
a smile spreads across her face.
with an adoring smile, his wife brings two snifters of brandy and hands him one.
the speedster makes a turn.
as he steps away,
someone narrows her eyes.
he turns from the window as someone joins him in the living room.
he returns the flask to its melancholy owner, who tips it in a silent toast and drinks.
she lets it drop to her chest and blinks back tears.
she poses with someone.
someone takes someone's hand.
queen someone storms out.
crouching over his fallen opponent, he delivers a brutal punch to someone's left eye.
crossing the office, he glances over her outfit.
she sighs as she gazes out pensively.
she steps closer.
someone stops the model from disrobing.
two men open fire on someone from the other side of the river and he takes cover behind a tree.
someone takes a seat and the ailing father studies him wryly.
someone drags someone back.
meanwhile, ghost rider marches from the amphitheater to find his flaming motorcycle approaching.
captain flees with a colorful kite strapped to her back which knocks toys off display shelves as she runs past.
the boy kicks at it unsuccessfully.
he climbs down.
frowning, she watches as someone bumps fists with the dark-haired deejay.
someone watches the man from outside.
someone enters the room.
in the crypt, a door cracks open and someone peeks out.
he settles newspaper around his alien arm, then lets his head fall back onto the foam.
someone races from the room but almost immediately collapses against the wall in pain.
she tilts her head.
dumping off the glass bits.
in a guest house, someone tosses a bag to the floor, swigs from a can of pepsi, and listens to an answering machine.
the hollywood sign stands tall downhill of them behind a fence.
it crushes the supplier in a burst of flames which sends someone flying back.
with freckles hidden inside his blue cardigan
peering into the seemingly endless expanse of rolling waves, someone spots a figure in the water.
she rips it away from her nose and mouth.
someone watches as someone scurries to an overturned chair.
two surfers paddling in front of him duck dive under an oncoming wave.
she pulls herself into his arms and they kiss eagerly.
he unfolds it repeatedly.
someone's convertible arrives, blocking them.
someone easily releases the helmet, lifting the trunk like snout.
he raises his weapon.
glancing in both directions, someone hops down to the tracks, steps over a rail, then crouches on a tie.
after a moments hesitation, someone raises his right fist to his own breast and kneels on one knee.
one by one, they let go of the handles and land on top of the train.
someone gets out, steps in her path, and draws a gun.
as he watches her anxiously, she meets his gaze with tearful eyes.
he lifts the coconut off of the floor.
someone stares up at a tall antenna.
she falls flat on her face, catching everyone's attention.
someone rests her head across her arm, as she lies face down on her bed.
he mimes using a showerhead to spray himself down, hugs himself, and pretends to shiver.
someone stops beside a brick building.
in churning water, a surfing someone glances over his shoulder.
someone sits on the edge of the couch.
he grabs his phone.
the guard points.
someone ducks as she throws one.
someone office, someone's doctors hover at his side.
in her sundress and bare feet, she leaps into the narrow swimming pool.
the boy lands in the enclosure.
the pretty teen gives him a haughty look.
he glides the cursor across a smiling photo of someone with trees behind her.
swinging from the spear shaft, someone kicks someone with both feet.
now, the children's mother hurries down a narrow road, buttoning a cardigan beneath her inside-out overcoat.
as he drives by, someone stares at a bank of windows.
he looks around nervously.
a rippling blue and green light glows onto the bottom of the branch.
leaving her date asleep in her bed,
then manages a smile.
flapping her flippers, she steps to the precipice.
he marches into the barley field.
someone hurries ahead and knocks eagerly on a door.
he rubs his palm over his bald head and trudges back toward the others.
now at marcus' contemporary three-story mansion, someone walks up a staircase to the top floor and its breathtaking view of the city.
someone lowers her gaze again and frowns.
someone reads a brochure.
her smile tenses.
now, someones wagoneer rounds a corner by the apartment.
in the morning, someone sleeps curled up in bed, facing her nightstand.
his kids arrive and gape at the snow covered living room.
he pees on a pole.
she pops a snow pea in her mouth.
later, soldiers bag their comrade's arm.
the real someone watches from the couch.
someone breaks the embrace and hobbles away.
someone arrives outside her door.
they step behind a curtain.
he falls to his knees and she kicks him to the ground.
he faces someone, who wears a surgical mask.
venturing through the opening.
he taps the keys with two fingers.
see ya."
later, it wears sunglasses and a sombrero, a cigar in its mouth.
he grins at the others, then lifts his head out.
someone goes to the kitchen.
later, someone faces him and shifts on his feet.
reaching down, he gently closes someone's eyes.
clenching his jaw, the killer rips off the release lever and grabs the frightened teen.
passing a row of empty chairs, he finds a small break room, where a group of grubby maintenance men lounge around a table.
with his sword, sir someone flicks away red someone's bandana, revealing someone's face.
in the courtyard, someone glares up at the bell dangling overhead.
the doctor sits across from her.
later, he gazes worriedly into the mirror, as he blots his skin with a towel.
someone closes his eyes, then opens them.
then thoughtfully shifts his gaze away.
as our view retracts through the star map a holographic line sets out from the gunner chair and targets hologram of the planet earth.
the bartender sets down a cocktail
it turns up a driveway,
she opens her mouth to speak, then strides off.
she breaks into a sprint.
he drowsily opens his eyes.
facing the audience, she quickly spreads her knees, then crosses her legs.
someone drapes her arms around his neck, as they passionately make out.
she fidgets self-consciously, then takes a breath and trots across a driveway.
someone shows a customer a tv displaying close-ups of butterflies.
he puts a leash around someone's wound.
he pulls the garment down, flings it to the ground, then picks it up and whirls it around his shoulders.
he swims forward.
she covers her eyes.
glaring at the man, he takes out a small notebook and slaps it onto the counter.
someone searches through stacks of towels, while someone helps someone take off his coat in the next room.
the president springs up from his seat.
two allosaurus sniff the air, then face the humans.
denise richards grabs neve campbell's arm.
someone fixes his fond eyes on his wife.
the blond timekeeper traces the call.
someone shrugs his lips, then joins his family at someone's bedside.
the young man turns away from the alarm box.
he swallows hard.
later in a private room, someone and someone clink their glasses.
a tech clerk gives an exasperated look.
later on tv, someone sews the stuffed duck shut.
the image dissolves to a sprawling wind-blown property.
he beckons her into his office, then talks on a phone.
his older colleague watches in disbelief as he cleans it off and places it in a disk which he then inserts into his computer.
someone rests his hand on his fist while someone sips a martini.
the judge folds his hands thoughtfully.
standing on stage she points one gloved hand toward the audience.
the vampire falls aside revealing someone standing halfway through a hatch, his modified ax in hand.
now at his bachelor pad, someone wears a robe, boxers, and slippers.
hangs up and looks heavenward.
someone bites her lip thoughtfully.
his flaming motorcycle pulls up alongside someone's vehicle then creeps ahead.
she bites off the thread then studies her handiwork.
he loads his shotgun as he races down a cave-like passage.
she stops and turns.
someone stares earnestly at the soldier.
the recoil from another knocks him over.
on a mall escalator, someone and someone descend, both now buxom and lady-like.
in his office, someone reads a newspaper's front page.
the criminal is escaping.
someone pokes his belly.
as the engineer works the controls, a brief flash illuminates his crescent shaped ship.
she heads over and opens it with a toothy grin.
at the end of the row someone sits hunched over a hand to his brow.
back in the train station, tears well in someone's eyes.
meanwhile, someone watches a score display as someone plays pinball in the rec room.
queen someone watches as the bald man strolls to the center of the room.
noticing a framed poster for a gustav klimt exhibit, he studies it closely.
they reach a gyros stand.
he staggers through a corridor.
someone wears chest armor as he follows someone to the training field.
other boards rest in a rack at the back of the shed.
his brow furrowed, he plants his hands on the table
playful smile, she grabs her own pair of drapes.
someone mutes then unmutes, a speaker phone.
outside someone wanders down a path, bordered with overgrown vegetations and statues of people in medieval and renaissance fashions.
as she dashes across the rocky terrain, the massive ship ascends in the background.
the bullet ricochets off the control box.
he does it harder and the wall shatters.
he aims his gun.
and opens it and presses his thumb on a fingerprint scanner inside.
someone looks down as the gray-haired sheriff walks off.
three penguins collide then fall over.
now in a study, someone and someone sit across from each other,
finishing her sip of wine, someone closes her eyes ecstatically.
inside someone's room, a framed religious icon hangs on the wall over his bed as he rests.
he removes a red rose petal from one of the slain vampire's eyes then notices something in his hand.
wielding a gun, the fedora-wearing thug marches up to someone's door and kicks the lock.
in someone's apartment they have dinner together.
wearing a silky robe.
her clock doesn't move.
the middle-aged psychic closes his eyes.
she brings the binder to her laptop and calls up a casefile on one of the murders.
someone takes his hand.
now in prison, someone looks at sister through a pane of glass.
as she strides out of the room, mr. edelweiss obeys.
he sits beside his daughter who rolls her eyes.
watching him, someone grins.
grinning, someone lowers his goggles over his eyes and jumps out of the plane.
she smiles then kisses his brow.
he rushes back around the car and opens the gas cap.
he gets on his scooter.
holding the dog, someone copies his blank droopy stare.
someone manages a nod and hurries out.
someone intercepts his ankle.
as someone fight off the attacker, slaves all around him fall victim to the vamps.
she faces him, revealing her bruised swollen eye.
taking a disc of naan, he notices his host's eyes closed in prayer.
he glances off, then eyes her frankly.
someone turns and faces him questioningly.
now someone sits alone in his parked car.
someone bobs vigorously, while pretending to stroke someone's penis.
meanwhile, someone draws his gun.
someone rolls her eyes, then sprinkles someone with amnesia dust.
someone notices a bulky ring on someone's finger.
as they separate, someone smiles goofily.
someone dodges two cars.
and pull them to the ground.
someone smirks flirtatiously and her companion grins.
she slides the glove over her clock.
the image quickly fades to black.
someone fixes his wig.
blond watches with a faint hard smile as the bully claims a wave.
on one palm someone sees someone's name written down.
she finds a modest shrine in memory of someone's father.
someone aims his gun at someone.
someone watches from the window as someone beats someone with a baton.
someone shyly sips her white wine.
she giggles and buries her face against the shoulder of someone's neatly pressed suit.
under someone's unwavering gaze, someone gives a nervous nod, then looks down at the table.
he lifts a remote control and the line pulls them back towards the open door in the ship.
the boss gives him an address.
someone and someone lifted on to the rocks.
as she leaves the room, the guard makes a note on a clipboard.
she opens her magazine to a feature titled "ten glam looks for office to evening."
hiking a tunnel, they sweep flashlights over their surroundings.
someone eyes someone who mouths, its okay.
his clock ticks out its last three seconds.
the heiress smiles briefly,
in the neighbor's apartment, the flames quickly fill the bathroom
he grabs his board and heads to the water.
in slow motion, he wrenches the weapon out sending a splash of blood through the air.
someone sets the paper bag down.
someone looks up and takes off the goggles.
someone tips her head back and studies the cruiser behind him in a rear view mirror.
the humvee pulls out, followed by someone.
they stand close.
she reaches for the phone.
a lens flare obscures her angelic face with brilliant sunlight.
as someone watches expectantly, he lifts his eyes to hers and nods.
someone shakes her head tearfully.
back at the restaurant, someone fidgets as he sweats profusely.
he lets his pants fall, revealing his purple spandex briefs.
someone skids onto a road running parallel to the waterfront, then fires his pistol straight up through the cab's roof.
king someone gives someone a patronizing look.
later, she coldly escorts someone into an elevator.
now, someone lies on his bed with his hands folded under his head.
the white-haired man pulls down a gate as he closes his shop.
as they approach, someone's cohorts turn to look at them.
then shifts her gaze to someone.
she sits up and looks around.
his face a mess of rotten flesh, someone smashes his head against someone's.
now, in the command truck, a stout officer listens to the radio.
the flames settle throughout the incinerated room.
the bearded supplier's grin fades.
she watches with glistening eyes as someone shuffles to a partially open door at the end of the hall.
he whips off his blue button down shirt.
his eyes glisten as he glances at someone's son.
someone eyes a boxy wooden radio as an older man waves to someone.
as someone stands by glumly, the captain hands someone a role of cash then sips his coffee peevishly.
as our view moves across the flower print wallpaper, the picture goes dark.
following his manager, someone climbs the stairs to the ring.
the cats paws rest on someones shoulder, as he carries the animal inside.
as she drinks, he sits beside her with a resealable plastic bag filled with cereal.
she grabs a dummy remote from a coffee table and pretends to watch tv.
he kisses her hands then pats her cheek.
as someone holds out the report,
she faces someone, who takes a bottle out of a refrigerator.
someone pulls away from him.
wielding the banjo like a club, someone rushes to meet it.
he checks the tires in a strip-club parking lot.
someone unclips his extra oxygen tank and pushes it away.
above the stage as the drummer plays enthusiastically.
someone runs outside, grabs her bike, and takes off down the dark street.
someone's truck rear-ends a hatchback, shoving the innocent civilian forward.
he bows his head, then lets his touch recognize her face.
someone's face twitches as he stares back then turns and leaves.
someone and someone hold the boy by his collar.
she pushes the pianist's head past her lap, then shimmies her pearls.
flashes of white light shoot down beside a distant mountain.
someone dashes her with more dust and the clerk gawks.
someone picks up the broken mug.
he crawls onto the bed.
he sees his posters and action figures sitting on the couch and coffee table along with a copy of someone harvey's book.
ghost rider throws him down then slings him skyward with a chain around his chest.
new york's morning skyline fills the penthouse windows behind someone who throws a pillow.
perfectly synchronized series of movements.
the injured timekeeper emerges.
someone looks around then sets the photo back on a trophy shelf.
he rolls on his side and faces someone.
he takes another hit.
now huddled by the window, someone opens the note.
someone pulls his wife away, leaving someone alone at the table.
glancing around himself, he steals a roll and a bottle of milk then walks off.
now, someone slowly pushes the front door open and shines a flashlight inside.
someone lies among the trees.
the scoreboard replays someone's counter-offensive and awards him a point.
baer shuts the door in his face.
someone shows a flyer for the talent show.
grinning at the money, he tiptoes out of her room.
the man raises his eyebrows as he stares down at someone.
someone approaches a balding man.
someone quickly looks up.
in the band room, someone spikes a trumpet.
someone taps someone on the arm, signaling the agent to step away with them.
pouring rain streaks their bedroom window.
someone gestures with a carrot.
a brilliant disco lights swings by overhead as he shifts his dull gaze.
she races past an elderly man in a garden.
she dials sulkily.
as someone struggles with his bowtie someone notices.
someone glares reproachfully at someone, who stares ahead with an uncaring expression as her daughter leaves the house.
someone joyfully kisses his cheek.
the driver's ed car pulls up behind them.
as someone charges, someone swings his leg over the bigger boy's arm and flips him to the mat.
now someone stands with someone.
a sleeper pod lies open and empty.
the rapidly expanding blast launches propeller blades and metallic someone across the wide clearing.
someone's eyes fill with tears and she turns to her father.
engraved on the bottom,
the station inspector passes them then pauses and turns.
he storms out past the boy.
someone drops the twinkie remnants.
someone runs into the street and aims her pistol as someone flicks his lighter causing a car parked behind her to explode.
someone cautiously crawls out from under the pillow.
later, they surround a group of dancers wearing skeleton costumes.
he stares wide-eyed.
she looks up at the camera and smiles then turns away.
smiling, someone pulls someone closer.
he hurries through the house.
he look at the doll gently in his hands.
something moves alongside of it.
she strides briskly into a restaurant, where her sister smiles sheepishly at her from a table set for four.
he rolls his eyes as he leaves someone by himself.
a rooster flies out.
someone makes a call as she heads out.
someone claps and glances at someone, who beams.
men advance on the overturned pickup.
agents run up a stairwell.
another flash shows someone kiss her mouth.
he escorts her outside.
he glances at the surrounding bodies of the other monks, each petrified in frightful poses.
he reaches into his jacket and pulls out a small ring box.
the engineer faces the imposing device.
they see shadowy movement in glowing red light.
from behind a pillar, we watch her put her purse on her shoulder and collect a few shopping bags.
using an x-acto knife, he neatly cuts a wedding picture of dr.
as she and someone enter, several trendy upscale guests take notice.
the curtain falls.
someone glances at a kissing couple then steps to a railing overlooking the ocean.
now in the rain, protesters hold up pro- and anti-slavery signs.
someone hurries up to someone, places his hands on the sides of his son's face.
someone admires a someone statue.
now someone opens the loft door for someone.
someone sips some milk.
someone stalks out onto the main deck.
later, the ship resembles a speck on the horizon moving toward the massive setting sun.
the office mail man notices it.
now, a camera view from atop someone's dresser records his bedroom.
a young woman wearing a pink nightie and curlers opens the door.
riding behind the transport, someone halts and gazes after it as it passes through.
flipping the nickel over, he reveals the back of a penny.
as he nuzzles her between her breasts, she blissfully sweeps her arms past her head.
someone slides over the camaros hood then gets in with his partner.
through a veil of wafting dust, we glimpse someone as he looks back and grins.
later they lie beneath the sheets as they kiss with mounting intensity.
at the other end of the line someone waits expectantly.
the station inspector removes the leash from his dog, who then runs off.
a section at a time, the deck lights flicker then blink out.
someone's eyes open and she rolls over.
as the creature swims away, the mentor grabs the teen and urges him up toward the surface.
he stands and draws his sword.
snow drifts to the ground as someone glides her motorcycle down a hill and parks across the street from someone's apartment building.
reaching the foot of the bed, she glances at someone, then takes another step closer.
she looks at her wrist then turns on her side and glances around.
tilting her head she considers him.
staring off despondently.
a spiky haired tech speaks up.
someone stares at his father who looks away.
someone struggles as the inspector drags him to his office.
someone's brow furrows sadly as he flips through them.
the bartender interrupts a pink-haired waitress who's busy flirting.
sliding his hand from his father's forehead, someone lifts his body to the surface.
she rises, to leave.
someone beams as her father closes the door.
as their headlamps descend, the cave goes dark.
someone takes it and goes to a tent.
swallowing, someone gives her laotong a sad look.
someone punches the air
someone freezes then faces her.
someone grabs an elephant foot.
a monk reaches for him.
frowning, his mom leaves.
as someone lowers himself to the floor, she straddles his lap.
the monk glances at someone who gives an awkward nod.
under the teen's control it forms a wall between him and the hydra.
she reclines with a sultry smile.
he reaches for the bathroom door.
then glide away in a queue.
someone abruptly turns away.
he flips aside a crusader's chain mail hood, but finds an unfamiliar face.
he finds someone at a book
clutching it.
someone's calm harsh gaze glares at someone who searches the general's eyes.
the shattered panes send giant glass fragments raining down on the russians, who cower amid the dust and someone.
leaving behind a fairy's pretty tights, tutu, and satiny bodice.
later, someone lies back.
someone sneaks a peek at the man, who sets his toolbox down.
as she bows her head, someone opens his eyes and shifts restlessly.
he keeps hold of it with a rope as he crosses back to someone's side and puts the whistle to his lips.
someone stretches her arm across the bed as she awakes.
blinking groggily, he looks at his watch, then leans forward on his elbows and shifts his thoughtful eyes.
someone lights a joint.
behind them, villagers look on.
someone cups his hands.
in a parking lot, a cop brings lunch to his partner.
someone pulls fireworks out of his backpack.
tucking her hair behind her ear, she gives him a little shrug.
as someone gets out with a scowl,
eyes darting as he surveys his surroundings, someone leads the group through distant structures resembling ruins of stone pillars and arches.
he plugs it into an amp.
someone turns back to someone.
now, a luxury sedan stops on a street in dayton and someone strides over.
in the living room, someone sits on the couch with her hands in her lap, staring straight ahead.
lifting a hatch, they peer into the cab, where someone sits beside someone.
he points to a mirror.
holding her daughter's gaze, someone shakes her head.
the novice gets to his feet.
in a flashback, someone wears a bridal veil.
he carves up the wave, descends to the base, then rides up the face for another turn.
someone follows suite, lowing her hands.
in someone's suite, he talks on the phone.
she slings her bag over her shoulder,
she playfully smacks the headboard.
now someone runs to spar's enclosure, joining someone, someone, and someone.
someone stops and opens the door, looking down near his feet.
someone jiggles the joystick.
he hurries off.
our view tilts and sidles under the rope into the ring where a referee and several gentlemen wait.
someone asks a tubby, middle-aged woman sitting at the bar in her lines.
in the mess hall, someone rises from the table.
several armed agents remain behind who strides around a parked car.
as the whips drop from someone's sleeves, he grips their handles.
she gestures to two attractive blondes standing with jared.
the windows go dark.
he aims at someone.
someone grimaces in pain and sits up slightly.
he leads them to the working pod.
he shows someone a surfing magazine exposing the existence of mavericks.
forced toward an open door, someone braces himself with his ax.
in a tree bearing several dog eared decrees.
now, she steps out wrapped tightly in a bathrobe.
their embrace grows more intense, and they lie back together.
the plane pulls out of the dive just a few feet above the ocean surface and arises into the air.
someone picks herself up again.
someone turns and someone looks up.
he spots someone picking up a rock near the lake.
as she leaves, someone steps closer.
someone and someone join hands and escape to a dimly lit hallway.
they stop before three women sitting on a seashell throne.
he backs through his doorway.
the boy turns down a hallway then opens a metal door.
someone steps into a confessional booth.
the teens laughs uncontrollably.
later, doctors work on the ragged bleeding flesh of his mutating arm.
and flops down into a seat further down the carriage.
she passes between slender leafless trees crossing the snow dappled ground to the edge of a shallow, fast moving river.
the young woman leans on the sink.
he sets down another strip.
later, he talks to someone.
someone emerges from the canvas shelter at the center of the boat, steps up on a seat below its rim,
the family notices captain staring at an unhatched egg.
someone stands at the tail end.
someone takes a deep breath then faces.
now they hold separate briefings.
someone cheers wildly and someone gives an astonished smile.
tilts and the doors swing open.
he covers a wheel printed on the coin with a silver dollar.
he rapist gazes after her.
the recruits turn to see someone coming in from the other side.
a warm smile brightens her pleasing features.
a warrior picks up the glowing box.
someone fiddles with his wristwatch as he nears his heartbroken friend.
someone' eyes fall.
bullets hit his chest sending bursts of blood from his back as they tear through him.
the tiger halts, his claws sticking in the canvas.
now, a crooked view shows a pharmacists nametag.
someone shifts her confused gaze.
he processes this for a moment
he shifts his conflicted gaze and crouches slightly, his stick ready.
it examines its flippers, then flaps them as it watches a soaring eagle on the nature show.
the men step onto a sunny veranda where reporters gather.
she kisses him tenderly on the lips and heads off.
as someone draws on her face, the marker leaves no apparent lines.
in the transport, holloway moves close to someone.
he points to a photo of someone on the family tree.
on screen, the characters' excited smiles fade.
they pass a joint around.
he cuts her foot free of the tree root and returns the knife to his back pocket.
agent scowls, holding his aim as he gains on the crime boss.
someone follows her to the elevator.
the ship plunges into a wave sending water crashing over him.
but someone catches it.
someone emerges from the crowd and sits alone at a table by a pillar.
he coughs into a napkin, and starts filling out a form.
clasping someone's arm, he holds his gaze.
silhouetted against the blue sky, someone and his three surfing buddies gaze out at the water.
he sets down the box.
in the palace, someone's friends feast at a long banquet table.
he wrenches the curtain off his head.
now she showers with the bathroom door open.
someone beams as she pins it on someone's vest.
he walks off.
they find adjacent seats as opening titles appear on the screen featuring the stars' pictures.
she fires her gun.
at night, someone and someone walk the courtyard between their apartments.
later someone reads a housing ad in the newspaper.
sneaking out, someone glances over and finds her staring.
the manager locks up her office then tosses keys on a nearby table.
someone goes limp.
they stand facing each other.
as someone listlessly steps away, someone crouches before someone and the docherty's draw near.
the tripod camera shows him taking someone's hand.
man panting beside him.
someone sits outside the cage, watching them closely and eating a banana.
lights and check along the shelves.
as she stirs a little, getting comfortable, the image dissolves to a corridor in the hospital.
someone slows his gaze pensive.
someone takes out a spiked mace as someone slashes with a double-bladed sword.
she undoes the lock, opens the door, and finds someone inside.
in the suite, someone hugs someone from behind and kisses her neck.
a biker pulls out a handgun and takes aim.
someone and someone both elegantly dressed in white kiss passionately.
someone rummages through dresser drawers and plastic bins then opens a cardboard box.
he writes on a card.
as they head out the door, he stares over his shoulder after them, then downs his drink and gestures for another.
someone steps out and fires.
someone checks out a brunette.
as he opens the door, someone uneasily licks her lips then locks eyes with him.
she looks up imploringly.
he reaches toward her backpack, which sits in her lap.
he clings to someone's back as the gorilla climbs the beam which angles nearly 45 degrees outward.
his close cropped hair now caramel brown.
someone and the club owner clink their glasses.
they kiss passionately.
someone rises from his chair and faces her.
someone digs her cellphone from her bag and photographs the note.
someone runs down a path strewn with garbage.
as someone sinks down in a chair, someone's gaze softened.
as he reaches a balance of five minutes,
high above on the cliff, a teenage boy scowls, watching him with his buddies.
where they hold her against the foot board.
they find an alien gun under some weeds.
inside, someone passes a janitor waxing the floor.
seated in the key makers workshop, someone eats a pizza.
a slide show starts.
the bird flies off.
the bearcat eats from someone's hand.
someone turns off the recorder.
she smiles briefly at him, then turns away.
someone pulls two levers.
there's a guy playing an acoustic guitar, two girls making out, and a group smoking pot.
the two leaner men split off together.
she smiles at the dashing simon.
someone reaches for the ignition.
someone gives a sad shrug.
she picks up a thin makeup brush.
holloway leaves the carved relief in the wall.
a picture of someone shows on the phone and indicates a connected call.
someone shoots him a thoughtful look, then lowers her eyes.
in a cinema lobby, using a public phone, a fair-haired agent scans his surroundings.
he struggles over his boxed toys.
she gazes ahead, lips parted.
he hugs the cup and drinks.
someone returns someone's smile.
seated fans crane for a look.
she drops the costumes, then removes her
the yoke slips out of ken's hands as someone struggles to gain control, and the plane begins to dive.
the group led by someone heads for the corridor.
now in the soft predawn light, street lamps twinkle beyond a weathered wooden bench.
they head toward a large sand dune.
someone tosses her paper plane at him.
someone shines a flashlight.
he flips on a light and paces tensely around the space.
he climbs in and locks it just as the zombies arrive.
the policemen stare at mr.
someone unbuttons his shirt and grins.
someone startles them from behind and they fall into the bushes.
she sets the violin in its case.
later, she puts on her spacesuit and zips it up.
the nerds come downstairs.
the hatchback arrives and gets stuck behind traffic.
later, someone sits on his patio, fanning himself.
metal anchors fall down from their feet, securing them to the ground.
he sets a chocolate bar before him.
they move from shoulder to cheek then forehead, then tap each other's chins with their fists.
someone pries the ship out of the other man's grip.
trees dripping with spanish moss provide a canopy overhead.
now, as someone fends off several boys simultaneously, someone lifts his head and watches the fight.
someone maintains his slumbering charade as she crouches beside him.
wearing a puzzled frown, someone claps slowly.
someone turns someone and someone around then herds them into another room.
she grabs the book back from him.
the machine crackles with blue energy which zips along thick wires and shimmers over another large, complex apparatus.
at the apartment, the penguin pecks at the tub, then tries to hop on a ledge and accidentally turns on a faucet.
the captain opens his office window.
with his face tense, someone gives a final bump.
a guy peeks up her skirt, then turns to his friend.
on the far wall of an office, secured with steel bars, someone unlocks a door and enters
using a pen on notepaper, he adds intricate detail to the drawing.
elsewhere, three black sedans move through an alley, barely wide enough for cars.
he swings under a domed ceiling.
someone rushes to his father.
the gorilla dangles above it.
if you love me, let me know.
someone attempts to stand on his horse's back.
he picks up his son.
someone moves as if the speak, then shuts his mouth and smiles.
the eager men point.
across the street, a woman follows someone.
she leads him to a corner table.
schedule on a whiteboard.
facing his sister, the young agent gives a broad smile.
floating just outside, someone glowers at them.
someone puts his hand in hers.
they stack their left hands on top.
the sun shines low in the sky across a windblown expanse of ice and snow.
someone gives a worried look, then drops his gaze.
someone turns to someone, who shakes her head.
someone wraps her in his arms.
sitting on his board, someone holds two arms in the air and someone shows a beaming smile from the beach.
outside, the helicopter flies over
his pants are around his ankles.
induced, her father pauses then
he presses it to her neck, rocking back and forth.
an alien butchers a cow's head.
as someone looks through them, someone holds up another.
later, someone's limo sits parked outside the neurosurgical center.
they both sip.
his hands rest on his knees as he slouches,
someone eyes the grieving father shyly.
the snobbish woman gives her the eye.
inside, someone enters the kitchen.
to leaded glass window and gazes out through the diamond shaped panes.
raising his injured knee to his chest, he lifts both hands before him, palms upturned.
later, he completes the construction of a particle accelerator which incorporates the long tubes.
someone gazes up at someone leslie.
someone pistol-whips someone, knocking him to the dirt.
as someone crosses off items on a list, someone spies someone's nephew.
someone releases a rope and the lifeboat falls.
someone watches someone with her captors and hangs up.
as an anxious someone gazes in the van's direction, someone answers the front door.
the rugged heinrich finds the patch of fabric torn from someone's suit, still in his brother's clinched hand.
in the main atrium, the agent dangles in someone's grasp.
someone storms off into a step.
the opponent rams his stomach.
wearing a do rag and gold rings, the driver
someone smiles as she watches her son leave.
the two guys get out.
she leads him into the backyard.
the sports car plows through a pair of glass doors and speeds out of the brightly lit drop-off area.
someone whirls a whip which strikes the ground behind someone, who leaps onto an overturned race car, then falls onto the road.
he runs a scan of her abdomen.
sitting up next to his bride again, he tosses his braid over his shoulder and grabs her hand.
the woman chases after her runaway cart.
the coach laughs over a girls shoulder as he munches on doritos.
he neglects to latch it.
someone follows mrs. po toward the entrance.
pale sunlight gleams off cars parked on both sides of a city.
someone buckles his seat belt.
someone ties a net between branches the width of his torso.
now they tiptoe up a square spiral staircase in the dark.
secret service agents haul someone back up.
the rest of the stack lies on someone's blanketed lap.
it pirouettes, disturbing tank from
everything in life is changing.
he finds it locked.
a baby lies in a makeshift cradle.
a man in his thirties opens the door.
they swivel their hips.
someone peeks out of the hideout's window and spots the advancing mercenaries.
then looks back up at her.
children watch her.
straightening she sways on her feet, then perseveres  to the compartment's open entryway and climbs up.
someone's smile diminishes.
in the movie, a young woman in a blue swimsuit runs her hand through her long hair.
now someone rides shotgun and his henchman drives the hippy-dippy vehicle.
he yanks the machine from the wall.
someone's taut belly bulges.
someone glances toward someone as he takes out a zippo lighter and opens it.
mercenaries' bodies go limp,
he wiggles his toes.
he lifts it.
he puts it on.
which is stamped karaboudjan,
she takes someone's place in the basket.
she muscles someone into a car.
someone steps back into the elevator.
dr. sato removes a power pack wired with a pair of modified sunglasses.
people ride a carousel near a stage with strongman and a fire juggler.
he drags his unconscious cousin away from the car.
on the building's fire escape, she sees a woman in a sexy corset with a short feathery skirt.
someone touches his cut.
as someone turns away, her smile fades.
panama hat, he tosses his jacket into an unmarked car.
he grabs his briefcase and leaves.
he runs into the wooded property as the large guard dog chases him.
he sets his jacket on a counter.
the little girl faces a pair of doors.
a close drifting bird's eye view passes over her head.
the hockey player locks eyes with him.
opening it, she finds earrings inside.
he hangs up his phone and hurries off.
someone notices his jacket draped over a chair near a cabinet of drugs and medical supplies.
standing in a corner the passenger faces away from him.
he punches the air, knocking the clerk back against the cigarette case.
the display shows someone's photo and she
he rolls up his sleeve and lays his arm on the table, showing his clock.
behind him on the stage, young long-haired women wearing matching bikini tops and short shorts form a line and kick their legs out in unison, while pyrotechnics explode around the gigantic video image of a fluttering american flag.
the innermost doll now shows a man with a high forehead and long fingernail
she sits down.
the men and women separate into different groups.
someone rolls her eyes curiously then folds her legs.
it takes on a man head and top hat.
the assistant sips the pepto.
someone stares after someone as he saunters off, then faces someone.
in the lifeboat, the engineer struggles pitily against the grasp of the giant squid-like creature
someone shifts her shocked gaze.
in his house, someone stands facing a homemade evidence board covered with maps, photos, notes, and newspaper clippings.
someone spots the penguins on a lower tier across the rotunda.
a masked man tosses a duffel bag to his dark-haired boss.
someone pushes someone out of the way and poses again.
as he points it at someone, she quickly releases the weapon's magazine from its hand grip then yanks the slide from the barrel and stabs him in the neck with it.
it features someone holding a glass of red wine.
"the key to the future is here."
he flashes someone a snide smirk, then give
someone stares curiously at the welcoming stranger inside the restaurant.
harold climbs out of the chair.
someone stands facing the water and wrinkles his brow.
someone leads someone onto the balcony.
she heads through the door.
he opens the wrapper.
passing a sign that reads "hawaii pacific institute".
she tentatively sits on one man's back.
now, a title appears.
someone gently takes her arm, guides her to the door, then stops and meets her gaze.
the young boy remains still as the tiger nears.
as she leaves, someone approaches her in the hallway.
someone takes out a pinch of dust,
stares inches from his face.
the first cop shines his light on someone, who turns away and runs a hand over his hair.
two of someone's men descend a stairwell.
he steps closer then frowns.
he leaps over one then ducks another.
the humvee commander watches the water tower.
looking head someone stares.
he turns to see someone looking up at him with pain in her eyes.
someone stands and shakes someone's hand.
someone wryly regards the muscular guy's grin.
someone holds his gaze.
as he leaps toward the american fighter, someone kicks him in the side, and knocks him to the floor.
still hugging his own father someone gazes up at the ship.
someone tosses the mask into the flames below.
snowy appears on the other side of the gate.
smiling, pepper steps onstage and takes the microphone from someone.
looking out her window, she suppresses a smile.
he grabs a tissue.
someone giddily kicks up a splash of water.
two subordinates leave.
someone shakes his head, struggling to retain his composure.
someone lowers her gaze and shakes her head.
she removes her hand from his unshaven face,
he gestures cordially, and someone takes a seat in front of his desk.
she glances toward someone, then gazes after her father curiously.
she leans and someone mimes cracking an egg.
she cruises across a truss bridge.
someone gazes at the pod as it dims, then goes dark.
the scoreboard led screens flash an address.
audience members cheer, scream, and wave.
as the exotic young beauty grins in ecstasy, the image fades to black.
it blows out the car's tires.
as he goes inside.
we peer up at the approaching humans from a sandy slope dotted with sharp rocks.
someone slides down a cluster of pipes in the shaft, passing several stories.
someone meets her gaze, then paws at the cap with both hands.
he gets dizzily to his feet.
as his nephew drives the trucktor down the path.
someone notices the pixie-faced girl watching him.
the working class man looks around, finds himself alone, and sits up.
someone looks on behind him.
she falls asleep once more.
watching the spinning ship on television.
now, someone hurries downstairs into a basement.
he demonstrates a sword thrust for one of the actors.
a colorfully wrapped present sits by a place setting.
he inserts an audio cd.
someone pulls a face and gets the phone.
she gestures at his staff.
he enters with a bouquet of roses.
two classical columns support an empty mantle.
takes off his shirt.
it bears an ankle strap at the back and a pale pink bow and rhinestone buckle on the closed toe.
someone's eyes glisten.
lying on their backs, their eyes remain wide open.
someone eats the oyster
she turns as the authorities march into the garage,
someone crawls over to someone.
putting down a roll of toilet paper, someone walks out of the room.
someone with platinum hair and faces someone.
the priest approaches the boy and offers a glass of water.
the blast misses him and someone flees.
young someone screws his mouth up thoughtfully.
someone finishes typing.
at waist level, we follow him as he walks past a scantily clad woman and into the kitchen.
he grabs handfuls of raw meat from a table.
the inspector throws down his club.
at night, his father runs a finger over a heart-shaped keyhole in the automaton's back.
he watches his clock tick down to ten seconds.
his two cohorts split off.
now, a waitress brings him a whole other pie and an ice cream sundae.
he twirls her under his arm.
he does the same, but they both lie awake.
someone falls hard on a fake boulder then tumbles on to the stage.
our gaze drifts to her bag sitting on the chair.
the officers head past the imposters.
someone and someone inspect book titles as they stroll past shelves.
she wiggles her hips and waves her hand around provocatively.
she leaves and he shakes his head.
turns the clock radio off.
their teammates on the bench jeer at someone as he gets to his feet.
glancing around, she spots her father by the window.
in the bathroom, someone collects a hidden arsenal of weapons,
turning, someone finds his son staring in at him timidly.
he glances at her.
as the chopper explodes, flames erupt through the glass wall and over the pool.
he looks back at the teen and his brow knits uneasily.
someone holds up her hands.
her hand clasping someone's smooth freckled shoulder.
as someone's hand reaches out, his father's curious face cranes in to his view.
as someone enters, someone takes the phone off speaker.
she puts a pair of jeans on under her skirt.
shaq cuddles with the someone then licks it.
someone addresses the question to someone.
now someone climbs a steeply ascending walkway overlooking the water.
in the cab, someone lowers the phone with a thoughtful look.
someone loosens up, rubbing his shaved head.
someone throws a shield which wedges between the doors.
at gq he notices traces of the graffiti.
the dust clears revealing stibble's distorted, monstrous features.
someone remains by the wood stove.
his eyes light up.
lines run through the words bulletproof and never break.
someone peers at the someone, who twirls, engulfing himself in a cyclone, which grows tremendously in size and crosses onto the surface of the sea.
there are signs on the store wall,"ikea stockholm.
returning to mrs. harrington, she finds someone staring at her.
now someone exits the backstage area and finds someone waiting for her.
a doorman greets him.
the two men roll across the energy mechanism in the center of the cockpit and spill onto the floor.
king someone winces thoughtfully, then leans toward someone.
inside, the couple glumly sits in the guest room.
someone high fives a cop while someone dips someone in a kiss.
the case opens, converting into a condensed iron man suit.
he kisses it and the elevator closes.
jamming a pillow under her hips, he drops her upon it.
as the undercover cops shake their heads, a rapid series of explosive and disturbing images fill our view.
someone stands watching.
later they get dressed and someone hand someone his top.
now, someone sits at his work computer, eyes trained on someone's blog.
someone swipes wildly at it, then somersaults away from a punch but crashes into the ground.
someone and someone arrive to see someone bite into someone's neck.
she nods at someone.
the girls sit at easels, stretching bulbous renditions of the obese woman.
someone takes in the chalkboard-covered walls and the rows of men at desks chattering on telephones.
in the cottage someone removes his reading glasses and shifts his thoughtful gaze.
she stares off with a dazed, stricken expression.
her fingers fall short.
the well-dressed man waves at a bartender.
a series of dots and dashes cover the paper, along with the word beggar.
the teen lowers the flap, then pushes the boat off.
someone primps his dark curly hair and chews gum.
she shoulders past him.
someone looks shocked.
snowy stands on the thug's chest and growls, then trots after the others.
she steps up to a dark-haired employee writing on a clipboard.
now someone arrives at an industrial complex on her motorcycle and turns through a gate marked with a stately letter v.
someone mimes throwing a thought out of his head at someone.
later, as gunnar works on the fireplace, someone brings him coffee.
the three guys squeeze together on the couch.
someone drinks whiskey from a bottle.
he makes a call.
someone in a negligee and robe, the woman kisses a younger man, then flirtatiously touches his coat lapel.
she enters the kitchen.
now someone reaches an entryway and chugs his wine.
she aims at him.
she opens the glove box.
someone opens it.
in town, someone stops outside a public building and pins a piece of paper to a large notice board,
he walks off and someone gazes thoughtfully.
now a new modern home, overlooking the hills.
he twitches a smile.
someone's spotted her.
now someone stands, prompting the others.
as he returns to the living room,
someone falls back in slow motion.
as someone drinks coffee at a table, an older woman spots someone.
now someone and someone sit in central park together.
he shines the flashlight on her pretty elfin face.
at the firm, someone pulls two tickets from his pocket then faces a young coworker.
using his car key, he pops it.
in slow motion, someone twists his body and takes aim at the suv with only the distant forest floor below him.
now, letters on double doors read "break room".
they fight for the remote.
someone autopilots the camera.
the spotlight silhouettes them as they move closer and touch foreheads, then press their lips together in a gentle steady kiss.
someone sees an eyeball drawn on frankie's eye patch.
someone runs out of a side tunnel.
he turns to the brown-haired cafe owner.
a flash shows black and white shapes.
she escapes into an elevator.
in old video footage, a lit circle highlights an arrowhead-shaped module descending.
someone moves off with a sneer.
someone blocks someone and someone joins her.
she flings away her serving tray.
someone flips the coin into the sand.
his lips hold a pensive frown.
now, at a christmas gathering, someone faces his lover, her husband and a brunette.
a policeman grabs the flask and turns it upside down.
she jogs over with the coffees.
two unsupervised mops come alive at the storage cage.
someone grabs the chains which start to rot in his grasp.
claude takes a swig from a flask, as he leads someone to the station.
later they drive.
meanwhile, someone rubs someone's back.
table lamps cast their soft glow against the rosy wall.
someone's lips twitch.
the kidnapper casually taps the wheel as he drives.
his gaze stays facing forward.
outside a car rolls across the lawn.
now, someone stares off with doleful eyes as he sits at a table.
someone's halts at 1 day and 14 minutes, then resumes its normal countdown.
someone sits across a table from her parents.
his watch hangs from the strap where he left it.
someone pulls back, his brow knitted emotionally.
they step inside, shining their flashlights.
later, someone covers a laughing someone's eyes.
inside another shack, the little alien stands at a table where device displays a hologram of the solar system.
someone watches her go, then swallows hard and hangs his head.
in the next room, someone tries on short white dresses while chatting on the phone.
as they both clear out of the room, homer hangs by in the doorway.
she moves the cursor to the publish button on screen and clicks it, then turns off the desk lamp.
an advertisement for the zoo features someone's portrait of spar at its center.
at the vanger industries vending machines
longhaired teen girl enters.
someone follows his lackey's gaze.
someone sits upright in a wheelchair, her left eye nearly swollen shut.
someone holds out her hand for a descending woman.
park diorama populated by stuffed mice.
he passes it off to the nerds and follows.
rustic houses and a patio decorated with colorful fishing buoys form a barrier around the secluded spot.
above the track, a series of colored lights flash, signaling the start of the race.
the wavy haired man taps him with his revolver, then points the gun at the clergyman's head.
the aliens barrel into the corrugated metal divider.
as a camera flashes, a pentagon official struts in and takes his place.
at the smart consumer offices, someone sits before a toy fire truck.
the orangutan lets it bounce off her shoulder and land on the flooded floor of the boat.
pushing one open, he peeks into a bathroom.
someone shows the twins an e-mail.
covering his mouth with one arm as he coughs, someone sits across from someone.
later the teens scramble along the base of its freestanding letters.
parked from across the front yard.
he rises and crouches, carving up and down the face of the wave.
as the dust clears, someone rolls over among the broken statues and crawls toward someone.
the twins kick their feet backward then point their fingers posing with every jump.
sir, my name is someone.
she shuffles through a living room to a sitting room.
he smacks his lips thoughtfully as he lowers
he pretends to think.
in rehearsal, the dancers bounce, bop their heads, and gyrate their hips.
as their sirens sound, white bars of light repeatedly extend across their grills and upper windshields.
still in her pajamas, she opens a windows blinds.
it reads, snow day.
she places a steak in each of their bowls.
she duct tapes a bandage on over his shirt.
boxes still unpacked,
someone flashes a tight smile as someone stares with a horrified gaze.
a man haggles with an older woman.
as the manager marches out haughtily someone finishes flipping through the pages of a binder then shuts it.
subway station door, someone swipes his card.
someone lingers for a moment, then climbs into the back of the moving sedan.
and holds out a device pointed toward the floor.
which rips as she does so.
he jerks his head in someone's direction.
wine skin and passes is to someone.
he snaps up a phone.
the men dangle.
someone faces the hydra.
they each strike a pose, coolly snapping their fingers.
someone and someone crack up as someone enters the home theater.
he lingers on the mug shot.
someone climbs down from the ring and faces someone.
he tugs on the gates handles, but they are locked with a chain.
a few bystanders back away from the bandaged and bloody young man.
someone considers, then adds a plus.
someone and someone aim their flashlights at the curved ceiling.
he finds the words thief written in black lipstick above a drawing of the someone orchid.
her eyes still closed, he pulls back from the kiss.
someone strides out into the alcove and turns left before the secured office.
she sets it down, then approaches a door and peeks inside.
someone follows to the middle of the room, makes a sharp turn and proceeds to the corner table occupied by a japanese couple.
someone and someone walk a few paces ahead.
with a concerned gaze, he stares off and lowers his walkie.
someone gives someone a forlorn look.
nine security feeds show the bank.
he pulls a coin out from behind her ear.
the two friends lie side by side on the roof of the van and gaze up at the glowing full moon.
at the rented house, someone stands.
grinning, she wraps her arms around someone's neck.
he leaves a coat hanging on an armoire door and steps directly toward the camera.
someone holds out her open palm.
someone shoots three guards as he runs to the helipad.
one last glimpse shows the dresser without someone in front of it.
later, they walk the fairway.
she smirks as he recoils.
a young man in the crowd smiles as he pumps one fist in the air.
someone forces a smile and walks away, leaving her parents perplexed.
as he moves to a couch, she flops down next to him and nestles.
later, the family watches a movie together at a theater.
hurt takes to higher ground while someone advances on the trail.
someone fidgets with her purse, as she waits with someone in an office lobby.
beaming tearfully, someone rests her head against her folded hands.
kitty gives him a big hug.
the tow truck cruises past.
still seen in slow motion the brunette woman appears weightless as she drifts headfirst toward the windshield.
someone works at the computer.
glancing over, the suited driver watches the mysterious man as the light turns.
now in the mirrored chamber, a doorway opens revealing someone's office.
a leaf falls from the tree.
someone runs to his shield and pulls it free, then dashes through the doors as they close.
lowering himself to his knees, someone slides his hand between someone and the cement slab.
the timekeeper and suspect stare at each other, neither betraying a hint of emotion.
now, someone pumps his legs as he pedals a recumbent tricycle up a hill.
she instead pulls his thigh and then his shirt
someone's mouth drops open.
now at home, someone spikes someone's hair.
he points a finger at someone.
he turns off the running sink faucet, then glances at the mirror, and checks his watch.
she points to some water and a package of oreo's.
at the cottage, while the cat eats, someone sits by a fireplace huddled in a blanket.
in the operating theater someone lies on the operating table.
someone punches someone's face.
a fat bearded biker crosses the bridge.
"don't waste my time."
she slams her hands on the table.
he removes the top and finds a frozen penguin inside.
catching sight of his reflection in a mirror,
someone hunches down as well.
the security agent runs a detection wand over him then lets him through.
now, someone appears wearing his helmet light.
he puts a sandwich down.
a site named someone monsieur.
in her mind, he sees the united states on a world map.
later, he watches the film on a projection screen.
his son sits beside him.
someone grins, her clothes soaked with mud.
he picks up his phone and reads a text "assignment cancelled."
then rolls himself up in his bed clothes.
the creature leaps from the water as big as a small ship.
someone looks over the hole at someone, who stands shivering.
loading the hatchback, someone spots someone ambling across the front lawn.
dozens of bodies hang upside down in the chamber.
he squints slightly and scrutinizes someone's face.
someone observes him with a stony expression.
someone stomps to a waste basket in the foyer and tosses it in.
balancing on his staff, as he extends his other leg, parallel to the ground.
she snatches the paper back.
she takes the card and writes someone on the back with lipstick.
on the speeding bus, a soldier speaks into a handset.
the other officers and agents watch closely.
they board and pay their fares.
the unharmed tractor drawing rests on a shelf.
as the boys stop in front of his desk, he stares down at them with stern eyes.
setting his drink on a coaster, he plunks onto an elegant leather sofa.
we hover behind someone's glass desk as we watch him step into the opulent private office.
the triangular core glows brighter and brighter inside its casing.
a thug hold up his index finger.
out of the trickling chamber, someone peers into it.
someone tilts his head sheepishly.
later, someone lies alone, passed out against the wall.
she covers herself up.
standing on the road, someone and someone both fire at it.
someone rises and someone shifts his helmet as his son follows the river.
grabs the subordinate agent, then disappears with him.
someone makes her way across a bridge outside a temple, then turns to the young servant.
someone wears a full costume.
the alien turn
yielding a silver revolver, the gang leader pulls up alongside the beetle and shoots out the driver side window.
mistress dons the sheet again.
they head off side by side.
he slides across the mat to his opponent, subduing him with two fierce blows.
bitey bites a server's leg, lovey hugs a woman, and stinky farts.
now, a magazine cover features the photo of his wipe out at mavericks.
as she performs fellatio on him.
her wet short hair clinging to her head.
at the high school party, a blond girl opens the door for someone and someone.
someone's smoky vision shows an old chinese woman finding the someone.
the mid-sized crossover kicks up dust as it tears out of the parking lot.
on stage, someone wears a sequined gown.
someone calls down a bolt of lightning that flings the copies away.
his flailing foot kicks someone's groin.
removing her belt, she flips it over her head, wraps it around the back of his neck, and faces him.
the lawyer steps away.
coco faces someone.
he retrieves more and scatters it into the air with an underhand throw.
he goes to a mirrored vanity.
now at night, a new york city cab drops someone off in an urban neighborhood.
inside, the choppers light passes through the corridor windows and illuminates someone and someone.
the surrounding current shows no sign of his grieving mentor.
three limos pulled into the semi-circular driveway in front of a towering skyscraper.
someone watches his son head to an eye-level cavity in the rock.reaching inside, someone touches a dark, muddy substance, then lifts his fingers to his nose.
turning the photo over, he finds a stamp reading, hedestads kuriren.
someone opens his coat revealing his pistol holstered at his side.
now the divas strut to the center of a dance floor, while students hang from scaffoldings, and someone dances behind someone.
he unties his shoe.
back on the wave's face, someone executes a 180 at the crest.
sunday morning, someone repeatedly opens and shuts the card.
someone kneels and opens fire.
where a digital sign on a storefront displays the time lender's loan rate.
a ripple of glass window shows someone striking a pensive pose.
he removes his sunglasses and stares.
someone lets his head lull back.
he sinks a shot and she pushes him.
a tear trails down someone's cheek.
a sign reads, camp cropper, theater internment facility.
as they both try to exit at the same time, they get log-jammed.
someone glances at someone, then begins to undress.
the boy bravely sits up.
someone stands.
someone slings the silver pocket watch's chain around his fingers.
both stacks of bunks collapse and bury someone under a pile of sleeping men.
he notices someone wearing an identical pair.
he hands someone a folded piece of paper.
later, he stands on the raft.
her eyes close and her chest heaves beneath the thick blanket.
someone closes his cell and places it in the professor's hand.
someone sees his dog chewing on some cables.
he turns and ambles across the room to a window, posts his arm on the wall, and hangs his head.
she glances at the other boys sitting a short distance away.
someone kisses damon.
a fireball appears in the demon's hand.
they head down a corridor.
someone picks up snowy.
he glances at someone warren who nods.
charging, someone's men fan out.
someone takes in her unstable state then sets down the dry cleaning.
he snatches the card from her hand.
now, someone crosses the field office to someone who sits on a desk.
a dissatisfied someone looks over her peers.
a large group of teens ride past on bicycles.
now, someone notices the money bag gone and someone leaving.
he struts off.
he steps past a black granite galley kitchen and descends into a sunken living room.
on a patio, someone intercepts her.
the mountain tips upside down, becoming the base of a landmass, supporting tall, rugged cliffs, separated by clear, glimmering water.
someone glances up and down the street, then follows.
now, in queens, a burly man opens the storefront of the pizzeria.
someone arrives in the gifted dress, clutching a purse to her chest.
someone hangs on to the top of the cab as someone swerves several times, then turns sharply down an alley.
someone checks her cell phone.
someone shakes hands with someone.
someone puts one arm around someone as they all walk off together.
beneath him, the same eerie light surrounds the lifeboat.
with a puzzled look, someone lowers the receiver and hangs it up.
he opens the door and sees her in her nightgown.
his ex-wife sits on a stoop with her head rested on her hands.
his arms spread, someone sways on the spot.
the clock face starts to detach from the building.
looking around, someone spots the teen on the bluffs.
someone rolls the man over, but he falls still.
on a corner, a metal trash can shakes then flies off toward the water tower.
he mimes spanking a child.
someone stalks towards him as he fights a third.
as he ascends towards a huge full moon above, the vampire disappears.
each man readies themselves at a mirror.
someone lowers a headset from her ear, her mouth agape.
then moves to his shoulder.
taking the bolt from someone he retrieves the glowing pearls from his pocket.
she shrugs then drapes.
with open arms, someone levitates down from a blast hole near the top of the submarine.
the coin approaches someone's forehead.
someone's legs grip his waist as he carries her to the sofa.
looking on, someone gets to his feet.
the students look at their instructor.
smiling wide, someone shakes her shoulders then falls sideways and sticks one leg in the air.
reaching the entrance, someone joins his dark-haired buddy to watch television news coverage.
master someone stares firmly.
her parents anxiously wait for her to reappear.
"you owe me big.
someone's lips move.
someone looks down shamefully.
she encounters someone's date.
he heads into the tent.
on his rifle and ditches his shades.
the spotless dagger falls to the floor.
someone and someone hold their coconut between their necks.
seated at a nearby cafe, someone springs to her feet at his approach.
his smile fades as he sees the book in her hand.
running through a tunnel, someone glances back.
on his raft, someone gazes out with defeated eyes.
the guys take cover.
his masked assailant covers his nose and mouth with a white rag until he passes out.
now, he sits with his back to a fence and his respirator mask off, counting out the cash.
reaching a light blue tractor, he climbs into
he gives the cameras a thumbs up.
someone peers toward the children, then steps away.
at the coffee shop someone takes his order, then hands the cashier a flat package.
someone hesitantly follows.
near the police car a stream of water rises four stories high.
the women clink their water glasses.
someone climbs down from the chair.
someone shields his eyes as bright light shines out of the pod's window, filling the room.
now, the kidnapper pulls into an empty gas station with old style pumps.
someone drops his gaze.
with the ball in midair, she swings her leg around and side volleys it into the net.
someone rides inside peering out a window.
they all rush to his bedside.
someone winces, bracing herself.
later, he gazes out a window at the mission's neon sign.
hands sunk deep in his pockets, someone wades ankle deep into a pond next to the ranch house.
two little birds hop on the ground towards one another.
someone climbs down and grabs someone and throws him back onto the roof of the plane.
lands a left punch to someone's midriff and a hook
he takes a swig.
she takes him hostage.
the criminal fastens the lock and walks
they scramble to their feet and run through the room.
welling with emotion, someone beams.
later, outside their villa, someone picks up mail from their concierge.
someone and someone watch the acolytes surround someone who struggles to stand in the gravel pit.
she leans in and they kiss.
she and someone ready their guns, then jog up the steps.
someone runs to the bathroom mirror.
the sculpture is of someone's finger with the ring with his family motto on it.
facing the ship, he cocks the gun and raises it in the air.
someone ducks, then stares.
which sits beside a row of windows at her eye level.
she goes to a chair, gathers up her things and stands over an unconscious someone.
it falls into a puddle at someone's feet and extinguishes.
flames envelope his head.
someone follows him.
someone speaks on camera in black and white.
the stagehand pulls a rope and the curtain rises back to the ceiling.
he posts the entry, the image darkens.
the impostor grabs her service cap and attach case from a security conveyor belt then walks beside someone.
someone, his brow furrowed,
he launches off the trampoline for a dunk, but falls on his face.
he tries again, but only chips the trunk.
as someone throws someone down, the older brother kicks him.
in the dressing room, someone wears a slinky crimson gown with a plunging neckline.
they kiss and then she moves her mouth lower and bites his nipple.
someone reclines on the couch, and someone lovingly climbs on top of her.
someone' head bobs under the quilt.
the red haired archer finds a knight's purse empty, then salvages a small cup.
sitting in an audience, someone grins as people around him cheer.
someone comes in and sinks to his knees at the other side of the bed.
he slides the candy bar forward on his desk.
as someone rushes away, someone stands and removes his shirt, exposing his well-toned chest.
someone watches medics carry a body away on a stretcher.
the overhead lamp highlights someone's pained face.
i still don't understand why you're doing this.
she moves her tray.
a searing line slices the doll around the middle and abigail's portrait burns.
master someone's lips part as he stares.
they smile and lock eyes.
someone skirts around the end of a chain-linked fence and dashes along the edge.
she stares distantly.
a cameraman snaps a flash photo.
the gathered women sew and enjoy refreshments as they sing.
it reads more evidence.
he sees the father ruffle his son's hair.
she blinks her anxious eyes.
turning down another narrow hallway with steam rising through the grating, the boy reaches another clock powered by a complex mechanism of spinning gears.
a girl and guy watched slack-jawed.
someone sidesteps into the open area.
someone crosses the cabin.
he stands, sniffing the air.
someone gives her a thumbs up.
they cross an fbi bullpen.
as the transmission ends, the man lingers with his hand on the touch screen, then steps away.
now in an upscale eatery, the jello girls join them.
another shows a frizzy-haired woman.
the journalist looks up at harold's earnest scowl.
someone looks around the ballroom.
she massages his knee.
now, someone wakes face down on the bed with a thick black gag separating her upper and lower teeth.
the sun sets in a blaze of orange on a hilly shoreline and the wedding guests dance into the night.
now at someone's enclosure, he scrutinizes a railing.
someone approaches them.
someone reaches to his right and finds an arm.
she musses her friend's hair and saunters off.
someone takes the next turn, followed by mr.
someone's eyes shift to someone and someone and his mouth drops open.
someone gets in the escape pod
someone meets her gaze for a moment, then turns away and gives a disappointed nod.
someone's girlfriend reclines on a bed in lingerie
he uncovers the tray, revealing an omelet.
someone continues to stare at the photo as the plane descends.
he lifts his gaze to someone.
a heavy black boot with burn marks steps off the footrest and grinds into the gravel.
letting his bike drop someone waves at the kids, then strides to the car.
at the wheel of a parked car, someone looks to someone seated shotgun.
he shuts the bedroom doors.
facing someone, the robotic arm taps its three fingers together.
a huge column of black rocks topples behind the others as they flee the beast, which burst through the barricade as if it were made of matchsticks.
turning, the general finds every man in his unit sprawled on the ground.
someone kicks his weapon away from him then glances at someone.
he climbs out with his briefcase, sweeping his cautious gaze around the area.
in the cottage, someone pours two drinks.
now in the barley field, the bomb stands lodged, nose first in the ground.
a laser dot crosses an x-ray of someone's skull and dr.
back in the lounge, the dancers advance downstage, reaching their hands toward the audience.
now we float up toward the lazily kicking legs.
he glowers at her.
shadowy corridor, he uses a flashlight.
someone nods then grins.
on screen, someone removes someone's shirt.
the lights flicker as they brace themselves inside the turbulent chamber
a whisky bottle stands on the chair's armrest.
someone looks from someone to someone.
a recent flashback shows them writhing ecstatically.
now wearing his fatigues, someone enters the airport with someone by his side.
someone leans into view, then wipes the lens with his shirtsleeve.
now someone snaps photos of someone stuffing a duck.
near a grill, someone pats someone's shoulder.
the officer faces the healthy tiger owner.
someone wears an orange jumpsuit.
our view rises up the side of her naked body, revealing the hard rippled blue skin on her thigh, her forearm, and the side of her breast.
someone allows a fawned, wistful smile.
at someone and someone's house someone's trots past the garage and up the winding steps to the front door above it.
someone sets down his bag and someone rummages through it, finding a bag of food.
someone leaves her seat.
in the lobby, they warily face the teller windows.
his jaw drops as he examines some pie charts, and he gives someone an amazed look.
later, in the network of tunnels, a flashlight shines through the darkness, leading the team.
now they pop the trunk of another car.
as the dark haired executive hands over his keys to the female robber, she stops and raises her arm.
now, someone shines her flashlight as she traverses a path through a small field.
later someone joins someone in a lab.
someone climbs out the broken window and enters the courtyard.
call disconnected.
she leaves the apartment without looking back.
freed from the garment, he straightens and faces her bare chested.
someone grabs a remote and shuts off the tv.
he leans on a bureau, and pulls out a prescription bottle from his pocket.
someone starts to go.
the pirate shoots a sailor, then lands.
she examines her reflection in a full-length mirror.
someone hops into the passenger seat and someone drives off after the plane.
in the next office, he finds someone in his original clothing.
outside they see someone speed off in a silver stretch limo.
someone grasps her hand then turns and walks off.
he proudly shows his score, a c-.
the receptionist watches someone take a seat on a long bench across the reception area.
as the infected man lands at his feet, he smashes its head in.
someone shoots his handgun into the storm drain opening.
she bashfully rumples her lips.
the mime smiles happily
someone pulls someone along as he marches over and stomps on someone's chest.
the wide-eyed author looks up from his typewriter.
a dance begins.
he repeatedly jerks his arms up and shoves his teacher back.
now in someone's suv, someone sits with his eyes closed.
lion steps away.
he leans in and they embrace with mounting passion.
she regains her balance, then chases the young mutant across the sky.
someone picks up the shot glasses.
holding the war hammer out in front of himself, someone dives and shoves someone into the destroyer's open visor.
her husband draws her into a comforting embrace.
the soldier pockets it.
someone trudges up to his daughter.
he crawls underneath the pillow.
snowy appears in the hole on the other side.
they spot him too.
someone forces a smile.
someone leans against the wall, facing her.
as someone leaves the parlor, the mole above someone's upper lip disappears.
the gunman tosses it over and someone pulls its pin.
she stares off.
the round faced boy shakes his head.
armed men in full body armor rush to surrounding suvs and trucks.
a security guard breaks them up.
someone holds someone.
later beneath the ocean someone, someone sits with someone as she ties pink string around his wrist.
someone pulls a hair out off the back of her head then sets it down beside several other hairs.
the last bar of an energy meter lights up and the orb emits a brilliant skyward beam.
she waves
we glimpse the burlesque lounge sign.
someone rises on a platform.
someone lowers her head.
with her arms folded over her chest.
he blinks and looks off to one side.
someone and the others dance with precision and raw sensuality as the stage lights strobe.
the team splits up.
the surfer's bright orange board shoots out of the wave.
someone halts and walks away.
as the driver eyes the building, she changes her top.
later she sits at her laptop.
outside, someone carries a bucket into the barn.
she squats in front of him.
she gets a tray and bowl for herself, then circles around behind him, with a scrutinizing gaze.
from under water, we watch someone dive in.
as heads off, someone sprays him with cologne.
at the top, the woman in pink hesitates, then leads them down the hallway and into a bedroom.
she throws another.
a flying someone knocks him from the ledge, and they plummet past the observation deck,
she reaches down to tug on the hiked skirt.
she turns to him tearfully and he nods.
twin inspectors watch someone.
she hides as someone enters.
the meerkats scatter up the branches around someone.
crystal licks rain from her fur.
a tear slides down someone's cheek.
a bottle strikes someone in the back.
on a mezzanine balcony, someone gazes down on the nave as the president moves toward a podium.
he takes a seat at a booth with someone and their dates.
now, someone cautiously glances around as he steps into a tent.
someone smiles at someone as they walk past lines of cheering soldiers.
as he rises to his feet more tubing detaches.
she sets the bottle down and sits next to her best friend.
as the old man leans on a rack, someone scans the room.
someone walks through the dining room.
they set down their luggage and sit on a bench.
someone finishes the lock, slips out, and bolts the gate.
nearby, someone stark examines the captured hydra submarine.
he wrenches the gas nozzle from his tank.
someone blocks someone ping's deft kicks and blows.
she hurries upstairs.
later an suv glides up a long driveway to a luxury hotel on a mountain.
he leans against his arm.
snowy holds a magnifying glass in his mouth.
he offers a sarcastic salute, then heads out.
she takes another pull.
the printer spits out a barely legible copy of the baby notice.
unseen, someone steps up to a curtain doorway
someone looks up from a cabinet.
then drops a pile of logs on the fire.
she moves off.
they approach a burly man.
a lofty breezeway at its center leads from the shore onto the water.
the knife's tip nears someone's face, but the calm vampire tilts his head and dodges the blade.
someone drifts up behind him, but his cousin hurls him back.
he reads a manual.
with a faint mischievous smirk, she sinks out of view.
someone shuts off the accelerator.
the spouting water ceases and he places the someone on the highest tier.
she nibbles a piece of food from a plate as she carries it to the sink.
he dumps out the remaining alcohol, grabs the bottle by its neck, then chucks it past someone through a window.
she puts down two heavy bags.
someone puts someone to bed, as someone looks on.
a cartoony cowboy with someone's face rides a thrusting hot dog behind her.
someone's smile fades as a car crawls past outside.
he takes the gold bar, picks up a briefcase, and heads for the door.
glancing back, she enters past the truck.
setting off another weapon.
someone hugs someone, holding on to him tightly.
someone hugs a struggling someone.
the maintenance men continue to stare.
the agent retrieves his bag and leads them onward.
the destroyer pauses and looks back.
someone shifts her gaze then looks back at the dogs.
the giraffe licks it and he spits it out.
he rolls window down with a wry look.
dugan, the mustached man with the bowler, glances at his companions as someone runs off.
the police car follows but gets t-boned by a crossing dump truck.
fill the doorway behind him.
someone resumes his struggle to free himself as stibble sharpens the blade against the porcelain bowl's ornate rim.
they lock eyes.
someone nudges a relative, who nudges her back.
peering through blinds, he sees timekeepers approaching.
he watches her rear as he is sitting on the couch.
he scurries down some steps.
in his office, someone leans his head back on a pillow.
someone watches as someone bows her head.
she pulls her hand back.
someone stares after him as he strides away.
she looks up and smiles at someone, who gasps and turns away.
the thin soldier faces his general.
he marches off, but the staff heads in the opposite direction.
as someone pretends to hump him someone kneels by his face.
lifting her gaze to someone's, she holds
now a woman packs an original copy of mastering the art of french cooking into a box with more cookbooks, then thrusts it into a packed jeep.
the rotund man strikes a series of poses before resuming his work on the panel.
he looks around the spacious, mostly empty rooms.
the grey-bearded playboy gives a disappointed shake of the head and leaves.
someone bows his head and faces her from the side.
the alien knocks the sofa across the room.
at the fbi, agent someone gives a briefing.
someone hangs upside down from a branch jutting off the steep mountainside.
glass doors behind her show a bus parked at a curb.
someone leads him through the woods.
someone winces, then lowers her hand.
hair, who holds a chinese crested.
someone gawps at someone whose face is scarlet and contorted in a pained expression.
someone joins someone, eating a mango she thrusts the phone at him.
the teen rubs the tiger's head.
downtown, the windshield wipers clear a rainy view of towering high-rises.
someone stands staring at it thoughtfully.
outside, viewed from a hilltop, lights illuminating buildings and streets throughout town briefly flicker and flare.
he says that your king osama looks like a dirty wizard or a homeless santa claus.
she throws the bottle upward.
her way to a shelf where a teapot's lid opens like a mouth.
on someone's right, someone pulls someone toward him.
her snaggletooth gone from her lovely face,
still dressed, she lies sideways across her bed.
someone shoots the auburn-haired woman a sidelong glance.
someone shakes someone's shoulder, smiles, and leaves.
someone taps his laptop.
he blinks groggily and rubs his eyes.
the writer sets down the bread.
in someone's basement, holographic web pages appear.
leaning against the wall, someone's straightens.
as he moves his hands apart, the unisphere expands.
his thin stooping shoulders quiver with sob
a someone slaps his back.
someone marches from one end of the corridor to the other, then finds the central point.
a woman joins the bank president.
now, harold pours tea as someone looks through his personal photos.
gin the living room of 305, someone practices martial-arts drills, uided by an instructor on tv.
he smokes as she takes a set of picks to a second lock set in the small door.
with his gaze fixed on the boy, he trudges closer, stopping a few feet away as inky smoke swirls around him.
she lifts her son onto her lap.
a naked someone joins him in bed.
a stocky male fairy walks up.
the trio follow someone.
outside, someone pulls his coat tight and walks off.
golden initials adorn a security gate.
it's a t-shirt that reads, welcome to daybreak.
she opens the door and steps inside.
he tickles her sides and she sinks to the floor in the fetal position.
officers stand behind a squad car with their rifles aimed at the doors.
leaping in from the opposite side, someone swings from the door and kicks someone back.
standing he swings his sword, then points the weapon toward sir someone.
merry men ride off with the grain.
someone removes his hat.
with one arm in a sling, he raises the other in a wave and runs forward.
someone boots the kid with the stick off the porch and goes into the shack.
someone glares as someone descends the steps.
someone buys blackjack bourbon, juice, and twinkies.
someone boosts the stranger into climbing it.
back at home he rubs his eye then places a completed assignment atop a stack and grabs the next piece of homework.
they pass through a chain link gate to a driving range.
as nearby guards raise both of their fists in salute, someone faces dr.
someone watches him leave the studio,
later, it cruises down a residential street.
wrapping the rope around them both, he then takes someone in his arms.
sitting beside someone, she wraps an arm around him and kisses his head.
behind the priest, gravediggers idle near a truck filled with several more of the simple wood caskets.
as someone dresses in an examination room, a nurse walks in and whispers into a doctor's ear.
at someone's bar, someone approaches the radio.
the image freezes.
as someone joins her, someone checks his cell phone.
someone looks off and gives a half-wince, half-smile.
he heads into the hallway.
someone stops, staring with his mouth agape.
they grab at the fluttering scrolls.
he writes and writes on the board.
someone nods at the lioness and heads off.
tears shine in her red rimmed eyes.
he grabs a tiny canister.
he lowers his hand from his heart.
the agents reach a stand of twin trees and split up.
it reads, urgent message - fingerprints place someone on barge where someone was killed.
the killer shoots them.
someone swigs more wine.
turning his head  he leans an ear close to it.
someone musters a smile for someone and saunters away.
glancing around, he pulls it up.
she stares, then rolls her head in a double take.
someone bends forward and peers in to the car.
the pen in its hand never moving.
as someone starts to leave, she bumps into someone.
meanwhile, someone and someone rappel down a craggy shaft.
beyond an empty dinner table, a hysterical woman walks past an open door with a baby in her arms.
someone leaves another meeting,
passing a group of soldiers playing football, he approaches other lounging on picnic tables outside a tent.
they follow her through the lobby.
the bomb drops out of the plane with someone and the other trooper clinging to its canopy.
beast notices the rocket heading their way.
someone wakes with a start.
she slows to a stop in front of it and lets her hands drop from the wheel.
she misled you.
a second blast flips it like a tiddlywink.
she sinks down, turning her back to us as she rests her head against her hand.
later in the hallway, someone gently shuts someone's door.
behind him, someone drinks from a flask as someone administers an injection into his shoulder wound.
explosions bellow up from the floor below.
at the edge of the giant disk, someone circles around a curved, throne-like chair to a control panel with rows of buttons the size and shape of eggs.
someone removes the door from its frame.
he gazes at passing trees.
the blond sips her drink, then finds autumn's prepaid track phone on the table.
someone stares sullenly.
all of the girls cluster together, with someone at the center.
the mustached thug slams him down, zip ties his hands and throws him head first against the suv.
he returns it to her.
with a loving smile, he meets her halfway.
its license plate reads davoice.
someone crosses through a second columned walkway ascending then descending its step.
someone spots a luxury pick-up in her side mirror then eyes it over her shoulder.
they see the sixth bird running into a wall.
two other racecars speed around the curve and crash by someone.
behind him, the strawberry blond emerges with her young boys.
she marches down the beach.
he sweeps one hand down someone's forehead, then touches his brow with both thumbs.
now, three hooded archers tromp out of a green forest.
as the bikers and dea agents launch into a gunfight, someone takes more bullets.
nighttime at a luau, fire dancers perform while the group eats dinner.
she sinks a three-pointer and her now shirtless friend retrieves the ball.
meanwhile, someone works on his own painting in a white t-shirt.
she crosses out fucking.
his dad sits up.
in old film footage, soldiers run out of a trench onto a smoky battlefield.
someone touches his shoulder and he pauses.
now, the girls write side by side, their eyes intent on their careful brush strokes.
someone gently takes her hand.
someone flings the crowbar back into her trunk then turns and leans on the bumper.
someone sits up with mussed hair.
ogling her, someone lifts his round glasses.
behind them, lights glow on string of colorful lanterns.
a window behind her shows someone lowering to the ground on a cable.
as someone stands, someone weaves toward him.
someone blinks thoughtfully, then rejoins the older men.
someone responds with a bitter sneer and shakes his head.
blazing fire on the hearth, someone sheaths his sword as someone approaches.
outside, the real mothership still hovers.
someone finds her door broken in.
closing her eyes, someone gives a wide
someone stands back by the jeep, visible between the two agents.
now, one doorman after another turns him away.
large sweat stains someone his chest and back.
someone grabs the teens.
a rolled $20 someone sucks up a line of coke.
he peeks inside.
she pretends to ride a surfboard.
it sprays brightly glowing water from its blow-hole then paddles away.
someone rescinds out of view.
the naysayer faces the singer.
the blond mouths thank you as she leaves.
he looks at her with a half-smile.
he ditches them and leads the zombies in another lap around the parking lot.
they both comply.
they look at the boathouse.
someone stops him.
in the dining area he finds three more birds.
he move his hands like wings and pretends to fly.
someone turns to the chubby boy, who gives him a thumbs up.
opening it, she pauses and listens.
someone takes out the pen, which transforms into a sword.
smiling she cradles her cat.
and lies motionless.
dear comrades, the united states have dispatched warships for cuba.
adjusting the side mirror, he watches the kidnapper aggressively dig at something in the trunk.
nearby, someone follows colonel someone out of a tent.
meanwhile, a utility truck drives up a dark rural road.
someone knocks, startling the aliens.
they sit in a basement.
he steps past the cat and opens a refrigerator but finds it empty.
a bandage wraps his head, and a tube and wire trail from his hand.
she tears up.
he frowns heavily.
at night, they all dine by a marina.
later, he unlocks her handcuffs and lets her out of the car.
toting a suitcase, his wife ushers someone into the next room.
she pulls off her hat then removes her flannel shirt,
the defender smacks him with his stick.
as someone moves on to the terrier's cage, the tiny mutt springs out and attacks someone.
a tiger strides across grass.
someone climbs through the window, stepping beside the white cube on someone's desk as she hops down.
someone leans in for a good look at someone's body, then heads off.
as someone arrives out back, someone's hand slaps down on the pit's rim.
he regards his sober students with wide eyes.
opening it, he pulls out a letter and reads.
another family and four women huddled in a doorway.
a member of staff takes a photo on his phone.
he hangs up and throws the phone.
someone emerges from the
facing a mirror, she unwraps it.
someone heads into a room with the fire extinguisher and some bottles of cleaning solutions.
someone follows someone from inside his cell.
someone glances back at someone as she heads upstairs to the observation booth.
as someone squeezes through a small opening, he raises the canister valve.
the low waves lapping gently at their ankles.
someone keeps his back to him.
someone steps into view, his brow creased in anguish.
outside, someone takes out the trash while someone mows the front lawn.
someone races up steps and across a plaza filled with trees and plants.
someone drops the horn.
someone climbs out and ambles over to him.
someone someone steps inside.
someone reluctantly obeys.
someone reaches a gloved hand out to someone.
they drive off.
in the supply room, unmasked, someone and the lanky guy join someone.
now, someone emerges from boston state street t station onto a busy sidewalk.
later, someone walks a dimly lit alleyway
in the gazebo, someone soberly touches her cross necklace.
leaving the photos, someone steps out onto the lawn.
he breaks it in half.
his mom enters the living room.
someone pays off the worker and beckons his companion.
wearing shorts, he briefly hugs himself then hops around and faces his warmly dressed friend.
someone rattles a fist.
she hurries toward someone.
a blond woman eats pizza in the next room as someone answers his home telephone.
she props herself up on her hands and knees then inches closer and reaches for the gun with her free hand.
searching the area for supplies, someone heads around a large flowstone feature and halts.
wearing a cape, orson welles-like someone marches in.
in the distance, a brilliant lightning bolt strikes down followed by flashes of lightning throughout thin pockets in the clouds.
she comes across an article titled "what's your number?"
someone watches him proceed toward the entrance, flanked by a secret service detail.
he skirts the ends of the pursuing white water, staying up as the wave diminishes.
on the mantle photos show the kids with their other grandparents.
someone lowers his fingertips from his temple, breathing heavily.
he opens a gate.
someone gives him a grave nod.
across the street, someone and hurt leave the recessed storefront.
the vampire appears and someone dodges a swipe.
she cradles someone.
children ride a merry-go-round.
he glances at his surroundings.
leaps off the tank, landing in soft, muddy ground.
young someone sits at a kitchen table as his mother carries in a roasting pot.
he stares unflinchingly.
campbell rises up from the canvas.
the family hurries back into the kitchen.
the young woman watches her father with a breathless
someone smiles as a man pins a white veil to the back of her hair.
someone takes out some cash.
a pentagon agent hurries over with the black book in hand and passes it to someone.
as the bald shirtless thug fires wildly, bullets pierce the hoses, spraying chemicals into the air.
a gatling gun on someone's back pops up and points at someone.
someone glances sideways at someone and smiles.
back in the auditorium, the house lights blink on, and the judges make notes.
glancing forward, someone swerves.
someone watches with a knitted brow, he steels himself by exhaling through his pursed lips.
someone's sleeve dispenses coffee.
now in the eating quarters, someone faces a husky, larged-nosed cook.
the penguin's gone.
he wears a cross.
watching the girls, he grabs a bag of chips.
later, the vehicles approach the structures gateway.
someone follows the soldier's
his face ceases tearfully.
the white haired widow leans closer and examines the images with him.
adding herself in a room, she tears off her jacket.
a faint smile curls the corners of her lips.
news footage shows an asian reporter outside the bank.
someone shifts his sorrowful gaze and someone heads out.
the thug collapses and someone finishes him off.
someone in the groins slaps him and punches his shoulder.
nighttime, someone strides past a bright city park.
she twitches a smile and her eyelids flutter open.
someone watches the smoke ringed skeleton drop to one knee.
a fiery blast blots him from view, then shrinks.
a pale flashlight shines over the darkened rocks as a diver emerges from a narrow passage.
as his opponent falls on his back, the bully drops on top of him, slamming his elbow into his sternum.
someone is stepping over the unconscious executive's legs.
the call disconnects as a flashback shows someone bringing a fist down toward someone.
the father lays a hand on his son's head, then touches his face.
she lumbers up a flight of outdoor stairs.
someone watches through the binoculars as someone glances around, heading to his on-campus apartment.
a force knocks his head off and his men fall behind him.
someone aims her gun through the cloud of dust and faintly glimpses matveyev's form.
he pops his chest, bouncing his large fake breasts.
the city is a sea of lights.
he tears of a piece of tape and covers someone's mouth with it.
he highlights a passage near the end.
someone gets up scratching his hand.
a puff of smoke rises from the misfired gun.
someone enters the cage.
the giraffe looks on.
keeping his eyes on the animal, he walks backward out of view again.
the gang leader wrenches his arm over someone's, quickly depleting his time.
in fast motion, she drinks more wine.
someone gets to his feet and faces them.
someone lifts his glistening eyes to hers.
in pairs, dancers leap across the stage.
he sets his badge and pda on top.
he furtively puts them back in place.
looking up, she scans the field.
the chewing reporter's eyes widen.
he checks his clock.
once i have that power, no one someone stop me.
someone grabs the reactor containing the new element and pops it into his chest.
the balding man takes off his hat and faces someone.
someone picks the cages lock with a tool.
at the borgata lounge, kitty takes a phone call.
someone eyes the made over room.
someone rests an arm on the tractor hood.
someone shoves him.
someone hands an envelope to samantha.
snowy jumps onto the back of a cow, which kicks him beneath another cow.
someone takes a nervous breath, then blows out the candle and smiles.
now, as we peer out the church's open door.
he backs off a step and lowers the magical cane.
ghost rider quickly gains on the trucks.
they approach a fishmonger.
he gets in and grabs her cell.
now, in the bank vault, the young boy sits on a square bale of cash.
reaching a hall, she peers down one end.
with a subtle glare, she leaves the preacher.
he climbs back into the engine car where someone writes in his journal.
as the drawings float to the floor, someone glares in from the doorway, someone stands behind him.
with flames now dancing on his arms, someone rushes outside.
the mutants watch from the shore.
using his hand, someone wipes it away with a horrified expression.
her date stares cross-eyed.
now at a bank of lockers at school, the boy spots someone and offers a faint smile.
the principal stands.
someone wags his tail expectantly as someone hurries to an adjacent room.
smiling, she bows.
someone rounds a corner and stops, gazing past a cliff to the ocean below.
she tries to kiss him but someone pushes away.
he steps toward the bathroom.
she climbs into a bed next to someone's.
someone trade shots with the men who then disappear into the woods
someone puts up his feet, then notices someone holding the necklace from the library.
the children walk past armed soldiers who stare skyward as various metal objects - large and small - fly toward the tower.
she lies on the sofa.
a spiked grid dissolves and releases a faceless guardian made of ribbed armor.
another white man stares at her, and she glares back as she strides past him and down the hall.
please call deputy lamb or someone.
leaning his elbows on a railing, he looks out the city lights.
outside the burly thug tries to open the cargo hold, but the wheel won't turn.
they carry someone wrapped in a blanket across a balcony,
upon her approach, the friar humbly bows his round jowly head.
he walks the boy through a door.
he plunges below the water surface.
catching some in her open handbag.
a vamp holds someone.
they lie in the bottom of the lifeboat as searchlights sweep over the water.
later, arriving in another room he pauses and stares past a glass cabinet displaying an impressive wine collection.
someone crawls along an empty bunk with snowy, then reaches out toward a set of keys dangling from jaggerman's hand.
a tear trickles down her cheek.
a distinguished customer inside an eight-year-old boy standing with him.
someone steps up to the bodhi tree, then holds up one finger.
the image revolves, framed in light bulbs like a dressing-room mirror.
in someone's room he lays the curly-haired boy in bed and tucks him in.
a caravan of military vehicles leads buses out of town as large container trucks drive in from the opposite direction.
someone opens the door to a pair of redheaded twins.
he checks his watch and look.
someone watches as someone scurries away.
someone starts for the ocean, then pauses and turns back, unbuckling his belt.
someone catches someone's arm and forces him back with a powerful blow.
she turns to look at the corpse, her head now level with its fleshless skull.
one explodes a few feet from someone and someone.
someone stands on the deck of the boat, griping the rail and watching.
he crooks his eyebrow in an intrigued look.
the creature climbs up the tower and into the ship which flies away.
she stares, then shuts her door.
the pastor disappears through a doorway, leaving someone alone once again.
the writer blinks at him then briefly glances away.
someone gives him a high-five.
a black sedan slowly follows her as she turns a corner.
they walk on.
he massacres another, slashing his face several times, then passes the ax to someone.
the surviving heinrich brother lands safely and slides his parachute off his back.
faces someone and sensually cycles her shoulders.
he tilts his head and smiles.
squinting in the sunlight, someone sips from his water bottle.
later, the boy persists as the bundle of life jackets loosens and rolls beneath his grasp.
he shuts himself in his room.
someone bridles then draws himself up.
someone pins him to the ceiling.
someone shoots at the cops then gets in a black stretch limo.
someone stares up at his father.
its timer reads four minutes and five seconds.
now on a palm tree lined beach, someone steps out of the water in a yellow string bikini.
someone heads over and receives a mailbag.
he lies faced down with his hands over his head.
someone trains her gun on her father.
outside, someone shoots the lock of someone's trunk and opens it.
someone holds it close to his face with one hand and sits on the bed with his back to someone.
someone peers up at her father.
the primate imitates her by resting a hand on someone's breast.
a masculine blonde woman wearing a bouffant and a flashy navel revealing dress sits among other gaudy friends.
he swipes off his fedora and glances coolly at his handiwork.
she prowls toward someone, reaches for his crotch.
he takes one from the knife block revealing its long smooth edged blade.
someone gives a reserved nod.
she eyes a tunnel blocked by a cluster of rocks.
sitting atop it's back, someone grins then frowns as the destroyer's hollow head glows once again.
someone turns and glances down at the crate.
it opens, revealing a sleepy, disheveled teen.
in the kitchen, light flashes and someone finds himself in his tooth fairy uniform.
someone throws down his life jacket.
he sits up and looks around.
he answers his phone and casually leans on the open trunk lid.
now at a section of the school overlooking the ocean, someone arrives with friends and joins a group.
later his dad's fingers rinse the peculiar coin under the faucet.
outside, a young woman in a bulky knit cap with a pompom on top makes a call on her cellphone.
someone bats a hanging lamp and storms off.
bedroom and reaches for the remote control.
someone dashes over the bar then somersaults across the table.
golden letters behind it read, daily news.
he checks the phone's memory.
someone sits near a brown haired woman.
madame someone leaves with an indignant huff.
someone sees his father standing at the water's edge, his arms cradling someone limp body.
in the main station, someone stares at her feet as she dances with another girl.
later he uses a calculator to work out a problem for his trig final.
red warriors gather behind someone as someone blocks another swing then knees her opponent.
back at his apartment, someone spreads a twister mat on the floor.
someone comes near, peeks over his shoulder, and perches on the edge of another lounge chair.
he wears his reading glasses around his chin as he studies the abutting city blocks.
someone blinks, then gazes at his surroundings.
his smile wilts and he nervously glances aside.
boasting a broad chest, narrow waist and dark mustache, someone gazes out with a love-lorn smile.
someone climbs out of the borrowed car, satchel in hand.
someone turns to face the outer room and leans lazily on the vault doorframe.
someone works his mouth.
as someone stares after him, the little boy hurries towards a dune covered with fallen palm fronds.
what are your short-term goals?
the camera viewfinder now follows someone.
in a theater class, a guy checks his phone while lying on stage mid rehearsal.
someone sits with a hunched posture, his hands in his lap.
she chucks the ring at him.
the stagehands lose control of the ropes and someone crashes.
the thugs force the americans to their knees.
someone gives a sly smile.
someone slaps his forehead.
we follow him as he hurries out of the room.
as the robot stands, the sniper fires.
she passes a rack of items resembling teddy bears then rows of pink dresses.
the bespectacled man steps inside.
his brow knitted.
someone's friend joins her.
fires rage on deck and along the sails.
someone sits beside pepper.
sitting on her bed, she glances at the alarm clock.
he lifts his gaze from his dying daughter and glances, unfocused, toward the doorway.
he jerks his feet lose from the deep doubles through the barn and dashes out of sight.
wincing, someone wearily whirls the jacket around his shoulders, pauses,
he points, then leaves.
her lips tremble, and tears glisten in her eyes.
someone returns a solemn, remorseful look.
someone lowers the phone and turns to his peers.
halting, he turns back and sets down his skateboard.
someone crouches at the desk, hesitates and slides the drawer out revealing the someone wig.
someone shakes her hand and smirks.
as the hiding alien watches, the helicopter descends.
glancing aside, he pauses and fixes a grave stare.
someone gives a sorrowful nod and faces the older man.
he punches a guy.
someone checks his balance and finds 4 hours and 45 minutes.
someone serves breakfast.
she caresses the ocean's surface with her hand.
now at a registration desk he looks over a course book.
she closes her eyes.
now in an apartment the shaggy-haired delivery guy grabs a rolling rock from a refrigerator, then enters the living room.
someone shoots at someone, who leaps behind the librarian's desk, then fires at someone and someone.
he shifts his attention to someone playing with a doll.
someone lies still.
he stares intently in her direction.
someone beams and someones guy friends swap happy looks.
now, a jagged peak looms high above mountains patched with snow.
she angles the receiver toward her mouth.
someone looks to dr.
she takes off her glasses.
as someone nears the boat, the tiger draws close to him,
someone holds up a man's body clock.
he sits on his head.
inside, writing in his journal.
he heads outside.
she lies asleep on her side.
he sinks to his knees then leans forward so his forehead is on the floor.
a judge readies the air horn and consults a stopwatch.
standing over him, someone collapses his modified weapon and readies himself for a final strike.
outside the courthouse, hundreds of protesters gather.
a guy delivers a note to someone.
the hunter stomps on a bellows and the blazing flame sends the vampire reeling back.
he bumps the lamp again.
then the film ends.
as she whips at him, he dodges
as the elevator approaches the 11th floor, agent someone draws his gun.
reaching past it, someone caresses the boy's cheek.
code matches the general's.
as he gets into his car, someone creeps outside and scurries over to a red mini cooper.
ghost rider's gloved hand snatches him by the shoulder then hauls him to his feet.
someone starts to leave.
later, someone reclines in a bubble bath while someone sits on the floor leaning on the tub eating ice cream.
he stands, then points one arm upward.
noticing someone, she straightens her bath robe.
spotting his exposed arm, the auburn-haired woman leans closer.
the real estate agent gives a sportsmanlike wave as he passes.
reverend bryce sits at the head of the table.
finding only 20 minutes on her clock, she takes off at a sprint.
someone presents some paperwork.
meanwhile, someone helps someone onto the roof.
they sit in someone's car outside costco.
someone gazes at him.
someone walks though the audience, and approaches the octagon.
his father watches through heavy lidded eyes.
someone waves the poles up and down, and someone expertly mimics his movements.
someone reluctantly reaches into the folds of her clothing.
a billboard shows a rosy-cheeked lady smiling over her steering wheel next to a chipper dog.
as the kiss continues, someone cradles someone's neck and grabs his shoulder.
someone brings up brings up the matching dna graphs then hands it over to him.
he offers a glass of orange juice.
as someone runs in the opposite direction, one of the heads spots him.
grinning, he claps.
someone views the chaos on the monitor.
at the wheel, someone glances over at someone, who sleeps with her head leaned against the window.
he raises his gun to the man in the booth.
someone and someone follow behind him.
someone and someone follow close to someone while tina lags behind.
she struts toward him, hand on her hip.
shifting his head on the pillow, he turns to someone and watches her sleep.
snowy sticks his head out of a window as the plane picks up speed.
from the lifeboat, someone licks his chops as he looks on.
he rejoins the watch.
someone's smoothly shaven jaw quivers as his eyes remain locked on his letter.
sliding the handcuff along the top rail of the headboard.
someone shines a flashlight on her.
she thoughtfully rumples her mouth,
about halfway down, someone catches up with someone.
as the suv pulls away, our view rises over the sparkling lights of the amusement park.
she sneers.
talkie.
the screen goes black.
he shows an ultrasound.
he gives her a kind look.
he looks up at someone.
and the horse bucks his head and rears up.
disguised as someone, someone awkwardly squats beside someone who eyes him.
as the fighter reaches for a car door stops.
now a rugged man gets someone's attention.
liquored boy sits on the steps.
they duck as the chopper bombards the ballroom with its heavy artillery.
someone holds up one palm then clasps someone's hand.
she approaches a couple.
as someone angrily scans the alley, someone leads his companion up an abandoned stairway.
in a meeting room, he greets seven people in hawaiian shirts.
nears the exit.
back in the actual arena, someone stays doubled over as
someone withdraws her hand.
someone smiles as the child loses consciousness.
someone's handing out glasses of bubbly.
he sets the discs in a map.
back at the station, someone and someone climb down into the suspended clock.
someone sits at the bar and moves a cocktail napkin back and forth, as he studies the glass of vodka.
the allosaurus moves on.
his intense gaze grows tearful.
as she rests her elbows on the table, he rubs her shoulders.
someone carries the board to the water's edge.
someone studies someone's smiling face with pressed lips.
smiling and chatting, they speed down a narrow sun-dappled road in the woods.
someone enters his name with a question someone into a row detailing someone murder.
someone springs up, delivering a fierce backhand.
in the restaurant, someone watches with a furrowed brow.
the blurry teen wears a prep school blazer.
his parents sleep in a bed across the room.
another wave hits the rocks and his head pops out of the water,
someone rockets towards its target.
someone nods disappointedly and tilts her head.
now someone enters vito's pizza and marches up to his boss.
he smiles bitterly.
someone takes it from its box with a stunned gaze.
turning, he raises his weapon.
someone nears.
someone slowly sets the caskets back down again.
someone unlocks the door.
someone throws a glass of water in his face.
he snaps the shell back onto the mechanism,
the pool next and finds the financier wandering out of view.
the alien leaps onto a wall, then onto another, carrying someone along.
the yacht's anchor chains rise all around him.
she blinks her glistening eyes and takes a few ragged breaths.
he lies beside her, his arm reaching across her body, to stroke her corn silk tresses with his fingertips.
someone holds up a glass of liquor.
someone purses his lips and puffs out his cheeks.
in another video, a pilot wearing an armored suit crashes into the ground.
now at a bathroom sink he turns on the cold-water tap and bends over to splash his face.
the truck door opens.
someone slaps a small cube shaped weather radio perched on a cup holder tray.
steadying himself on someone, someone lifts his leg and shoots the ball with one hand.
he joins her at the edge of the building and looks at her tenderly.
someone seethes on his board as someone joyfully surfaces and shakes his hair out.
nighttime, someone stands on her porch and gazes into the sky.
then leans against the wall with his hands in his pockets.
at the fbi office, he compares someone's hands in two photos.
the two men return to the side of the van where someone prepares his wetsuit.
sister runs her hand up her arm.
he shows someone in a patterned sweater.
his eyes shift to a grimy steam vent on the side of a building.
he turns someone around and marches him outside.
she closes her hands over her nose and mouth as she sobs.
someone holds someone back.
scanning the space, the boy finds an antique curio cabinet and several chinese paintings hanging on a wall.
her mother grabs her hand and pulls her forward.
puffing on her cigarette she glances over her shoulder as she walks away.
she squeezes in and chases him to a bathroom.
facing her, someone smiles and shrugs it off.
someone steps closer and the devastated woman lays her brow on his shoulder.
watching the radiation levels decrease on her tablet.
he walks away.
the battered porsche, which still has the barrier pole sticking through its roof and trails a rear light, makes its way towards someone's ranch.
as someone expertly weaves the limo through traffic his partner leans down to face someone.
someone yields a faint comforting smile.
in a cafeteria, someone holds a combination tray and bowl in one hand.
a holographic image of the scale model appears, overlapping the actual model.
his smile turns to a frown as the hammer remains embedded in the rock.
as she takes in the space, he sets a chair near a sofa and looks to her.
he begrudgingly complies.
their smiles fade and they gaze off thoughtfully in different directions.
he looks heavenward.
someone paddles over a misty sunlit wave and joins up with the other surfers.
someone gets distracted by the others and slows.
she opens it and finds it empty.
he rides his scooter down a street.
turning away, the soldier lumbers out.
a crude carving reads "george was here".
someone brushes her long bangs aside.
he spots two breakfast settings arranged on a small table, then approaches.
someone hides a pistol behind his back as his neighbor leaves.
the sky is black.
looking around, the maintenance man spies a toothpaste cap on the sink.
as someone lies back with a pack of ice on his knee, he picks up a glass of whisky.
a guard opens a chain-linked gate for them and they turn a corner.
she ignores someone.
at work, someone steps up to the valet stand.
he finds his young son on the end without his share of the covers.
as someone and her friends move on, someone attempts to follow them with the drum satchel draped over his shoulder.
the majority in the room lift their hands, including someone.
they embrace then switch sides and embrace again.
silhouetted against the soft lamplight.
from the other side, a woman trains a shotgun on the pair while a man with long bangs examines the earrings.
someone pats someone's shoulder and walks off.
as they arrive at the village of modest straw roofed huts
the escalade's front doors bear the number 3 written it white spray paint.
he entered the kitchen and someone closes the door on them.
someone settles into a seat at the nuclear warfare computer.
takes out a selection of rifles, and sets them on a worktable.
smiling faintly he shakes someone's hand then leans in.
she glances at the cab as it drives off,
he zooms the map in.
he returns to the bedroom.
he turns onto another street with the police cars hot on his tail.
one arm dangles over the side holding a lit cigarette.
someone and three others watch the circulation map at their headquarters.
someone sits up and sips a drink.
our lingering view lowers to the manuscript and its attached note.
she moves to a balcony's open door and lights up.
as she sits back and sips her drink someone lowers his gaze.
someone fires his pistol in the air.
stepping into the corridor, he slides the door closed and starts.
she takes his hand and kisses his wrist.
someone checks his cell phone.
auburn bangs peak out from under her hat.
as someone notices, the criminals flee.
later in a men's room, the young someone sets the thermos on a sink and crosses to a urinal.
he takes the piece of tape out of his pocket,
sitting in the passenger seat
someone exhales and passes it to him.
someone places the missile back in the box.
someone convulses, his form turning metallic.
in the present, someone breaths with a nasal cannula as she lies in bed.
later still, flipping through script pages
in the hall, someone groggily walks into the saw a woman in half box.
dropping his gun, a guard races away.
a dog pulls a soldier toward the truck.
as our view pulls back from the vault, someone places the handheld device on the floor.
he stares with wide eyes.
as he walks off, someone watches with heartbroken eyes.
mr. case sits in a chair as a barber sweeps hair off his shoulders.
an opposing player blocks someone as he tries to weave around.
as someone hurries down the hall, someone glares after him.
stopping, someone exhales and checks his watch.
someone meets his gaze and holds it.
his face flushes dark pink.
steering wheel turning sharply around a bend.
a hydra trooper appears and shoots flamethrowers at someone who ducks into a doorway to avoid the streams of fire.
the exhaust hurls her through  passage leading outside.
she sprays it with a fire extinguisher.
someone runs off as someone fires.
as he turns away to pay the barista, someone faces someone and bounces girlishly.
he taps his weapon on the window.
someone turns on rows of fluorescent lights revealing a storage room.
they watch their clocks tick rapidly on their free arms.
he peeks out at the pearl.
wearing a sun hat and a long-sleeved shirt of sky blue,
someone reaches the end of a bus and peeks around it.
he looks toward the windows.
someone stops beside her boy, following his gaze to the setting sun.
then helps someone wrestle it.
someone glances after him then lowers her gaze.
she stands with her curly blonde hair over her shoulders and glares at someone.
the driver's side window shows hands gripping the steering wheel.
as his partner gets in, keith takes the wheel.
the van doors open and someone and someone step out to switch places.
someone faces someone and the children.
she indicates her breasts.
as someone regards spar uncertainly, someone arrives.
someone bows repeatedly before a small altar with a framed photograph of mr.
someone gazes in at the bus's remaining passengers, then watches the vehicle glide away.
the man looks into his nephew's unwavering eyes, then opens his mouth to speak.
now, an alarm clock reads 3:30.
the announcer removes his hat and lifts his face toward the mic.
as the two dogs play in the yard, someone reaches through one of the home's broken window panes,
her blue eyes sparkling.
facing a matronly manager through a window
she climbs into the seat and slams the door shut.
he looks at someone and curtly beckons her to approach.
someone locks his menacing.
someone shifts his gaze to his son, someone.
someone runs to pepper.
ahead of the ship, three motorized inflatable boats carry armed soldiers toward the yacht.
furrowing his brow, he nods.
someone stands at a table strewn with the pictures of the crash, as men in suits look on.
some carry assault rifles.
someone lets someone take his
a series of photos shows the parade then the hedestad bridge.
someone draws his gun and creeps into the hall.
someone's curled up on the couch in pain.
as someone and someone try to think, mackenzie hits the stage.
as he reads the note, his brow creases.
as his friend reaches for it, the balls drop on his head.
forks or lightning flash above someone as rain falls.
shuts his laptop then face to.
leaning closer to the monitor, he enlarges the picture.
the men nod to one another then drink.
in an airport, a statue shows four serpentine dragons holding up a globe.
as the flames give way to a haze of smoke,
someone glares down at him.
as he stands, someone charges again and kicks him off of the platform.
crimson elephant, someone notices the tv report.
the front bumpers crushed against a utility pole.
someone holds the defibrillator to the girl's chest inside.
he confidently rises from his seat.
glancing around himself, someone focuses on someone, who stands across the room.
turning, someone finds someone back in a zookeepers uniform.
the river's edge, hands caress at a snow blanket of rock as slim figure wades through the knee-deep water.
his body to bridge the gap.
in the attic, he winds a pocket watch then hangs it from a post near his bed.
someone finishes urinating on a potted plant adorned with mini lights.
someone collapses, his drink shattering beside him.
the boy knocks it out of his hands.
as someone falls, dozens of copies of someone encircle him.
hat cocked stylishly on her.
someone turns a corner and spots the someone.
he grins to himself.
a puppeteer lights a sparkler behind the kissing puppets, brightening their image within the shadow of the kissing youngsters.
she goes to a vanger industries page profiling someone, then hacks into someone's email account.
someone aims the rear-view mirror at it.
as someone and someone rejoin the others someone glances down at a piece of wreckage covered in blood.
but the wing grazes the top.
a family tends to some goats.
she bites her bottom lip and blinks at him sheepishly as the wind tousles her honey blonde hair.
someone appears behind her, dressed as a goat-man.
someone stares dumbly at the page.
looking over her shoulder, she spies wennerstrom getting out.
going to the bedroom door, someone picks up his pants.
they end their kiss and someone smiles.
turning, he sees the suited driver beside his town car and tucks the bottle into his back pocket.
she has one beauty-spot on her chin and one on her upper lip.
closing her eyes for a moment, someone winces.
someone starts toward it.
someone stands on a seat and shoves a satchel into an overhead bin.
the wind musses his hairline.
an official steps up to someone and someone.
he stares into the jungle.
his expression anguished, his mentor turns his face away.
someone looks off then turns.
each of them holding a phone receiver.
someone's glistening eyes glance between her father and mother.
at work the delivery guy assembles pizza boxes.
two thugs appear and someone hurls someone into them.
at night, someone lies curled up in bed staring woefully at the unoccupied pillow beside him.
as she clings to him, someone drops to one knee, his arms wrapped around her limp body.
he starts a round of applause.
someone weaves past boldly upholstered furniture.
someone's remain closed.
he strolls past it,
as he turns back he halts and stares.
she kisses his ring.
armed sailors surround someone.
her vision blurred, the wounded girl sees each of their faces.
she smiles broadly and nods.
the next doll shows a puritan girl.
someone purses her lips.
someone hosts her in the dining room.
the officers take off their hats and put on helmets and life vests.
he turns to the bearded man and drops the cube onto the floor, shattering it.
as he pulls away slightly, someone leans closer, her eyes still closed, and lets her lips graze his.
a roughneck checks someone.
meanwhile, a manhole cover rises from the middle of a street.
they both take seats at the table.
he closes in on him, lunges, and tackles him near the end zone.
she grabs a pillow and a comforter.
they approach two thrones on a canopied platform.
the others watch him through the oval hole.
the train roars toward someone, who holds out one hand as he falls backward onto the tracks.
he exhales bracing, then taps the boy's elbow.
following her, a gunman rushes past the angry resident.
someone takes off his glasses and throws them down.
inside, he finds someone in lingerie.
grimacing, someone types, i'll never leave you.
someone takes out some money.
he warily locks eyes with her, then looks away.
captivated, someone watches from the bar.
in his friend's car again, he points his camera at the side mirror.
the shockwave spreads, toppling rock formations and collapsing the ground beneath the frost giants feet.
and sees someone on the floor in front of his desk.
as someone nears the escalade, he finds the word, help, painted on the side, using the 3 as an help.
he rests his elbows on his knees,
upstairs the tv shows an
gazing around the expansive modern space, she mouths, whoa.
a fiery explosion flips the van upside down.
he notices a whistle on his life jacket and blows it.
someone elbows him and sends the other mutants flying across the beach.
from the engine, someone leans out a window and spots several vampires leaping onto the freight cars.
someone runs to his side.
dozens of police cruisers surround the depository.
adjusting his hood, someone steps into the surf with the board under his arm.
as someone gives a stunned look, he shrugs modestly.
he resiliently straightens his posture and gives a few curt nods of his head.
upon a hooded figure with a long bow.
a trailways bus crosses a bridge and a bird's eye view follows it up a street.
stunned, he lets go of the reigns.
agent someone and his powerfully built colleague briskly march away.
he continues down an onramp.
lights reveals the well-stocked artfully arranged on a central island.
her toes touch down on a slim ledge.
his suv hits a postal box and does a 360.
later, in a classroom, someone sits amongst other students taking the test at their desks.
he shoots wildly.
someone strokes her hair.
she crumbles ice-cream cones at the chubby server.
a cagey fairy waits for him as he passes through a doorway.
the instructor's eyes widen and he turns.
leaving their kids with captain, he wraps an arm around someone's shoulders as they look out at the other penguins.
crouching beneath the bed, he takes out his wand.
someone opens his arms inquisitively.
someone's eyes remain downcast.
now dozens of fish cut through the water and a shark swims into the school.
with a wounded glare, the rock star steps away in his burgundy briefs.
the camera stops while the skeletons hurry off the set.
billows out, engulfing their legs and travels up their bodies.
someone slaps someone's cheek.
someone takes out a second one.
someone pulls out rebar and examines.
he pauses, watching her.
a wall of water crashes down knocking someone off the boat.
below lies a majestic cove of wild undeveloped land.
he gets a beer from his windowed refrigerator.
as they face off again, someone kicks him across the mat.
their lips rest mere inches apart.
someone examines real paper fans sitting atop a row of display podiums.
he blinks and looks around.
yellow rose petals arc through the air as wedding guests shower them on someone and someone.
another of her throws bounces off the ceiling.
she sees a new voice mail from raul and immediately dials 911.
at the undertakers, someone walk into the gloomy lamp lit room clutching a bedroll.
someone watches the helicopter take off.
someone arrives wearing a classy, contemporary dress and a half sleeved cardigan.
as we revolve around him, we discover someone glowering behind his shoulder.
nighttime at a police station, a man in a sport coat approaches a jail cell.
someone smokes as she skims the personal photo library on someone's laptop.
she drops a large, fashionable tote in the sand, walks to the water's edge, and cups her hands around her mouth.
someone keeps his eyes fixed on the road.
snowy lunges at the cat who flees through someone's apartment.
someone reaches the pool's edge, high fives his mother and grins broadly.
wandering through the crowded dance floor someone glimpses someone still dancing with someone.
someone looks thoughtful.
subtitles read, "he is broken, more than broken, he is alone".
on the bus, the sleepy blonde opens her eyes just as the sign's reflection skates across her window.
someone puts their waistband in her teeth.
later, she strides casually away with her hands in her pockets.
someone turns to someone who plays an electronic football game.
many slumber, lie down on unused pews while some curl up on the floor.
now we soar over the city's crowded buildings to an area lush with vegetation.
straddling the engine, someone opens the gas tank,
now on the rooftop, someone does chin-ups on a bamboo laundry line.
someone lulls her head back and someone picks up his pace, trotting briskly on as fast as his legs.
the producer follows his gaze and sneers.
the minutemen force the couple to sit at a table.
catching sight of someone, he bites his lip.
then sprays himself with perfume.
he steps to the curb, then glances at the crosswalk sign, which shows a red hand.
carrying a briefcase, he pulls out a sleek cellphone, slides it open and answers it.
she quickly grabs the umbilical cord and yanks it out.
someone runs to his bed and vaults hard on the mattress, jamming his shoulder.
someone starts to fidget.
someone stands in the sunroof and shoots.
someone looks up, and rises off the bed.
he glances at the pills, then, at a decanter of whiskey, and other liquor bottles near the stereo.
someone glances up at her as she gazes ahead,
elsewhere, in a cavernous library lined with long tables and reading lamps, sunlight filters in through tall arched windows.
the burly man swallows and shakes his head.
someone beats the bridge repeatedly, creating fracture lines which spiderweb through the glassy material.
someone reaches the outer gate of his apartment complex, and races through its wide green doors, into a courtyard by the maintenance shed.
someone shakes hands with the bouncer on the way in.
kissing as the twins hug them.
as they move toward the sardine, captain glances uneasily at mr.
at the wheel, someone gazes down at the wrecked roadster.
someone looks helplessly to someone who bows his head.
in a nearby town, four scavenging zombies look toward the electrified amusement park.
taking a deep breath, she steps down and picks up his hat.
she stands on the
someone shoots it with lightning as someone swoops through an open floor.
someone notices an ax outside.
someone holds her crying brother in her arms.
and then turns, a guard wrenches a valve.
she packs up her apartment until it's completely empty.
she grabs some more auto-injectors from a cart,
glimpses of someone thrusting into someone from behind interspersed with their nuzzling face-to-face.
light pours in through the dust shrouded mouth of the cave.
someone tensely grips someone's arm.
with tears streaming down his cheeks.
in the next yard, someone takes out the trash, sporting a black eye and a swollen nose.
he glances over his shoulder and paddles his muscular arms, breathing hard.
eyeing a wave, someone turns and paddles along with it.
green hillside, marked with white horse.
where someone lies asleep.
he struggles to secure it to the hooks along the bow.
on the movie screen, harold someone dangles from the side of a building by his fingertips.
now they approach a partially constructed house.
someone drives slowly through a suburban neighborhood then rolls to a stop across the street from a two-story house.
she climbs a flight of stairs up to a tasteful party where an elegant blonde spots her.
she sits on the ledge above.
fountains of sparking fireworks shoot up behind them.
now they sit in the car.
someone releases his grip and stares skyward, then adjusts his jacket as he turns and walks away.
the girl looks over her shoulder, giving someone an anxious pleading look.
meanwhile, the uninfected girls ride on the rear most seat of a swinging pirate ship with an egyptian pharaoh head on one end.
someone marches out sullenly.
someone hangs his jacket on the peg.
as she sucks in a mouthful of water.
he grabs someone's heart off the floor, stuffs it back in his body, then tries to resuscitate the dead man.
listening, someone bursts back in on the nerds, hitting someone with the door.
someone holds up one hand, gives his car keys to the valet, then strides to his office building.
someone looks away and licks his lips.
someone joins his son as he climbs onto the toppled tree.
he clutches his brow.
later, the editor faces the pot, skeptically tensing her lips.
now, a boy blows out candles on a birthday cake.
a zombie follows close behind.
as someone slips one arm into a t-shirt, sunlight gleams on the scarred flesh of two bullet wounds on his back.
a trophy reads, "magician of the year 2009."
he copies, holding her shoulders,
someone trudges out of the kitchen.
someone mans the remote control as her family finishes dinner in their hotel suite.
someone's ears perk up as he shifts his gaze away from someone.
now students spar in a hand-to-hand combat class.
someone grabs the shaft, extends it to reveal a hidden trigger, then shoots someone through his good eye.
he shakes her.
he pulls down a surfboard.
someone's eyes shift to her makeup,
men carry long bows.
the young woman gazes up at him.
he presents the figurine to a young swami.
someone kicks a chair.
he glances at someone who stands at the circles edge.
they grin at each other with twinkling eyes.
someone tries climbing aboard the raft from another spoke.
the creature's hood wraps around his hand and holds on tight.
she leans closer and presses her lips to someone's.
a passing shopper addresses someone.
he lies restlessly in bed.
the truck's front end connects with the van's side and bulldozes it down the highway.
one drone crashes into a huge video screen mounted on a tower.
daytime, someone peers out the cracked open door of the guest bedroom while on his cell.
they share a loving gaze then kiss passionately.
perching in an armchair, someone leans back and peers out a window.
inside someone observes a young woman holding a baby goat in her arms.
the taxi flips and rolls over several times, losing a door and spilling someone onto the roadway.
he shoots a paper wad through a hoop.
someone picks up the someone, black, vibrating panties and carefully works them over her black high heels.
it looks like a man's suit jacket.
its heading reads "department of dissemination of disbelief"
someone sits up straight, then turns to glance at someone.
he shakes his head and steps past.
someone sits on the ring's edge with a towel draped over his neck.
as the car slides into a turn, he loses control and spins out completely.
he takes a seat.
as he turns to her with a smile, she shoots him.
someone sits seductively
at dusk in the city, two elevated trains pass one another under the chicago skyline.
a magician lifts a giant hat, revealing a woman with butterfly wings.
she turns, her gaze following something in the parade.
standing frozen to the spot, someone narrows his eyes.
she lies buried in stuffed animals.
using her as a human shield, he backs out of the foyer and enters a kitchen.
mice are posed spinning hula-hoops and riding on a roundabout.
now in the park, someone's cane taps a bench.
as she leaves we spot a swollen goose egg at the corner of her mouth.
someone gives someone a kiss on the cheek.
in someones now cleaned out studio,
now someone tears red fabric into scraps then meticulously cuts them up with scissors as her dog looks on.
leaning close to the glass, sister smiles softly.
now zombies cross the play land parking lot, but the girls remain oblivious.
she shifts her shocked eyes to someone.
beaming, her mother leaves.
as she reaches for her horse, he joins her at her side.
someone and someone race outside and she hands him binoculars.
someone watches someone go, then leans back on a railing next to a white-haired man.
the missile strikes someone's chest plate and bounces off.
the beautiful woman leans her lips close to his ear.
she pulls away with all her might and someone takes her head and shoves it into the utility sink full of water.
someone steps out from his hiding place, and peers around the corner.
the boys swap looks.
the boy heaves a dissatisfied sigh.
as someone emerges on a sidewalk, she spots the motorcyclist approaching and takes off down a stone staircase.
someone's shoulders heave, and he gives an anguished look.
with her gaze fixed on someone's someone twitches a faint, crooked smile.
i don't want these idiots robbing me.
the penguins glance at his rival, then return their gazes to the fish.
shifting his gaze from his kids,
at the farmhouse, someone clutches a pen in his hands as he hovers over someone, watching her review the contract.
she looks someone over then continues on down some stairs.
he tearfully heads toward the counselor's office.
below deck, someone slowly awakes in his cabin bunk.
someone pours himself a drink from a crystal decanter and downs it.
as she lays her head on the old woman's shoulder, mama nuzzles against her and closes her eyes.
now someone leads him up a stairwell.
someone and someone help the guests as they climb down on the other side.
someone unfolds the page to reveal a handwritten message.
someone tosses a pebble at the girl's window.
he backs someone off with a glare, then faces the girl.
he gets in the car and unscrews a gallon bottle of vodka.
the holographic man vanishes, ending the playback.
he nods more vigorously, then stares into his mother's eyes.
spotting the colonel, someone rolls over to face him and raises his trembling human hand.
someone gazes after his friend with a concerned frown
the flying fish makes a sharp turn and glides along the ocean.
he brings up a blue planet.
the spotlight projects the children's shadows onto the screen as they kiss.
behind him, in the apartment, the penguins cluster together and watch him.
he kisses her, but she bites him.
charging, they disappear.
her eyes sweeping her surroundings,
now someone approaches a restaurant hostess.
a ring bearing the crest.
someone halts and her sister faces her.
people race around then scramble into cars stuffed with luggage as soldiers oversee the evacuation.
someone stands slack jawed.
he checks his watch.
the blond girl offers a smile.
the cockpit stands empty.
she then gazes at her reflection.
they hurry up a stairwell.
eating her sundae, someone squints up at troy.
they gape lustfully.
someone puts on his baseball cap as he takes the helm.
traveling by means of a bifrost bridge, a person rockets down onto the icy surface of jotunheim.
someone lunges, but a man at someone's table blocks him.
the ropes zip back and forth.
someone caresses his cheek then returns the kiss.
now, his corvette sits outside an apartment complex, where a second story light goes out.
he throws darts at a man's photo attached to a dartboard.
someone grins, his eyes darting.
wearing her sweatshirt and sweatpants, she walks up a side walk.
someone mournfully bows his head.
then returns to her makeup.
he drops it on his desk.
someone tries to crawl forward, the skin on his uncovered arm raw and bloody.
she looks up at him, tearfully.
the automaton reaches out its hand and signs a name in cursive at the bottom of the page.
now, the truck enters the mnu facility.
someone escorts someone down to the beach and someone goes inside.
master someone shouts, finish him!
now someone sprays a mirror with glass cleaner and wipes it down.
as the discouraged athlete meets his gaze,
the police cruiser sits parked in the driveway.
someone models her '50s era look, then hugs her friends.
as he carries his luggage inside, the driver pulls out.
someone stares after him, then checks his clock again.
inside, someone answers his phone while passing through a metal detector.
now, someone listens carefully.
someone sets out the photo.
he glances over his shoulder at someone as they march him to the staircase.
turning, he spots a solitary figure sitting alone at the base of a grassy dune.
as someone turns away, someone stares ahead with a haunted expression.
she tosses it aside.
as they swarm over a go-cart track, the girls spot them from the swinging pharaoh ship.
later, standing outside the bathroom, a happy someone glances at his friend.
someone glances at someone, then heads off.
she drops it in a glass of water.
seen from inside, the gap shows someone darting across to take cover behind the opposite hedge.
he hurls it at a food table which explodes.
holloway pulls off his fur trimmed hat.
the other guys smirk.
in the studio, someone has fallen asleep.
he grabs the cane revealing its handle as a secret pistol aimed at his chest.
he extends a hand, the mohawked man glares.
the other students shift their uneasy gazes to miss someone.
someone stares downward and closes his eyes.
the wealthy man's hand curls into a fist.
he closes his eyes as he clutches his daughter, then opens them with a fearful look.
someone's lips tense as his gaze moves around.
she clutches her hands to her mouth.
mustard spells out call me.
they pass a row of red-coated guards who salute someone.
someone points to someone, who guiltily averts her gaze.
at the arena, a spectator shouts through his cupped hand.
she walks off.
someone shoves someone off the dish.
frowning, someone peeks out the window and finds someone's sports car parked in the driveway.
someone throws a dagger.
tie the president and the young teller to a tree.
he frowns thoughtfully.
possession of that gold is illegal.
the pickup crosses to a dirty
as someone faces him, the aggressive father stares into his eyes.
glowing golf ball sized holographic dots radiating pulsing rings float around him.
the man lowers the bow.
later, he sits straddling his board, gazing at the houses along the shore.
someone's face glistens with sweat.
one of the cops stares at someone, who tips his hat.
her lips coyly brush his.
he grabs someone's other arm.
swiveling in his chair, he heaves a sigh.
taking cover, he draws the nazi's blood and honor knife from a boot sheath.
he throws another punch, but ricky blocks it and flips him on
they get into the military helicopter.
propellers lining the back of the boomerang-shaped bomber spin to life as the plane fires twin thrusters and rolls down the hangar's runway.
he takes off his apron.
he beams at the applauding group, then hands out food.
shaking out a bag, someone ignores her.
the automaton writes a character resembling a half-formed letter "b"
she cautiously enters the elevator
the men exchange salutes and someone walks away.
someone smiles gently, then sprinkles a ring of glowing sparkly dust between them.
as he opens the fridge and peeks inside, someone watches from the other room.
someone's friend someone is nearby.
the scientist scratches his head.
she ducks under a dividing rope, and hurries around to the other side.
someone takes a pitcher from the waiter.
someone works to cut his bonds.
licking his lips he raises both hands in a shrug.
in the stands, someone stands on his chair.
someone tries the radio.
now, we drift over a rippling subterranean pond as the group crosses a cavern as big as a covered stadium.
someone brings him a beer.
someone offers someone a smile instead.
it hits the base of the biker's neck and he turns.
he sulks off, leaving his girlfriend behind.
he pauses, then tosses them down.
meanwhile the storm lifts someone.
its ornate translucent lid ends at the head with an egg-shaped hatch equipped with a handle.
its shattered screen shows a blinking question someone.
someone flings the fallen streetlamp into a parked car.
a photographer snaps a picture.
someone and someone smiled approvingly.
someone gazes off thoughtfully.
later in class, a frumpish woman writes a quote on the chalkboard,
a mirror shows someone a shadow with no one before it.
someone takes it.
she turns her gaze back to the opening.
the other men listen in.
someone wrenches free, but the shy woman succumbs to a vicious bite.
the basin stands upon a compass-like framework of white stone that's submerged in a shallow pool.
in the ghetto, a tall young man with deep-set eyes walks down a deserted street.
as someone tastes more, someone sips a cocktail.
now he and someone enjoy a date in formal wear.
seemed to rise over the horizon.
someone runs down the corridor as dozens of armed hydra troops run after him.
as the young survivor hangs his head, the older insurance investigator faces his partner with a softened gaze.
he casts his fearful gaze aside.
someone's brow creases as the images show someone smiling among her girlfriends.
she squirts him away.
led by dogs a search party comes afforest.
a blonde woman lies on her side in a rumpled bed.
someone looks to a lanky man, with a mane of black hair, seated at a bar, and twirls his finger.
now at the quarry, emergency workers tend to the destruction.
he watches a girl dance in a skimpy nightie and gives her two thumbs up.
he takes the guard's gun and gets in is car.
life-sized statues of men and women in ancient greek attire adorn entryway.
later, it crosses the 59th street bridge.
she's sitting on a sofa.
his wife breastfeeds their son.
dancers pose around someone as she stands center stage with one arm raised straight up.
the widow give someone a final glance before heading out.
someone goes.
he grabs a bowl from the table and shatters it.
the frizzy-haired man heads off.
they head across the street to the high-rise of luxury condos.
she bites a strand off with her teeth and approaches him.
someone grabs the stocky fairy's magic wand.
the club members trade quizzical looks.
then the farm girl emerges visibly mucking a stall.
someone regards someone's ring on his finger.
a mic lies taped inside.
the boy presses his lips together.
later, someone passes someone and his men in a corridor.
we view someone through his camera.
on one boat, a young man glanced.
he jumps a stairway railing.
steps in close, and rubs his back.
someone pulls the door almost shut but immediately opens it.
as someone calmly tugs a rope and enters a building, a piano plummets onto a zombie running after her.
on the opposite side of the room, someone stands on a mezzanine with a sub machine gun in each hand.
as another break hits someone, the board goes vertical and flips out of his hands.
they swap a wave.
as someone watches, ghost rider circles the vehicle, looking down.
she gives a nod.
sitting on a public bench, she types on her laptop then checks her cellphone.
in the living room, three workers wait on their hands and knees.
as they head through a pine forest, someone sticks another empty bottle over the end of a thin stubby branch.
the hit man grabs his own gun and pistol-whips him.
under the table, someone crosses her legs.
then they slap at each other.
someone holds the light on her stomach.
she paces in her office, a hand cupped over her mouth.
someone giggles and someone shoots her a look.
in bed beside it, someone wakes and slaps it.
she struts toward someone, gives a shimmy, then pops her bent arms.
inside, he bangs his hand on the dashboard.
they leap from the second story window.
her hand bumps it shut as someone drags her back.
someone's eyes roll back.
he rolls his head against his seatback.
as someone steps around the building's corner, someone aims his pistol at the boy's head.
a short-haired man steps out of the house.
the door then glances around.
he puts the cross around his neck in someone's hand and looks him in the eyes.
he grows thoughtful.
someone puts on a cd labeled, instrumental only, last of me.
someone brings dinner plates to a counter.
searching fruitlessly for someone, someone allows a smile and gives a satisfied nod.
while her head lies tilted to one side.
the doors on a cargo truck containing containers of cubes burst open.
someone hurriedly grabs his things and rushes out the door.
and the family wanders off glumly.
on the yet unsold land, the overlook offers a majestic view of the cove and the meadows and wild groves inland of it.
someone takes the last packaged figures of the high shelf and places them in a box
the policeman gives the inspector a photo.
the last of them falls and someone enters, peering over the barrel of a shotgun.
a low sun illuminates the glittering kingdom of asgard.
someone's punch lands on someone's boob.
someone blasts him again.
she slides the printed photos across a table to someone.
someone beams at him, then gives him a gentle kiss on the cheek.
as she answers the door, he ducks down.
he slows to a stop then smiles.
doctors study x-rays.
she speaks with a guard sitting within a circular counter.
he sets his keys on a side table.
the other nerds go back to their game.
one elbow on the bar, someone runs a hand through his wavy hair.
as water rushes in, someone rips off the canopy, yanks out someone, and tosses him onto the shore.
rule number 31 appears over a large canvas bag, check the back seat.
she buries her face in his shoulder.
in the art room, someone stands with his graduation robe slung over one arm.
with his back to the former zookeeper, someone sits facing the enclosure's far wall.
someone takes the cash to someone.
then steps back and shifts on her feet.
someone holds a doll that looks exactly like someone dressed in a matching outfit.
someone faces the satellite dish.
she gazes at the writing on the spread panels of one.
someone smiles sheepishly someone.
blasting through a courtroom wall.
she leaves.
someone joins someone in her convertible bug.
as someone remains in their path, they wash over him like wind.
facing the tired man, we spy empty beer bottles beside him.
she stares at him blankly.
the captain and a few crew members stand vigilantly on the control bridge.
meanwhile, a crowd stands around an outdoor stage where a young performer raps and dances.
someone squeezes a humongous lemon wedge over someone's piece, then adds some juice to his own.
someone bursts free in a shower of ice crystals then quickly kills two frost giants guarding him.
with the armored truck close behind, someone turns off the street.
yards away, the command module lifts off the ground.
a teacher paces an aisle.
someone sits up in his chair and reaches for a phone.
one scrolls forwards to 290.
he munches some food.
another barred door.
ahead, someone's envoy breaks into a run and disappears around a corner.
she glances around as she screws a silencer onto its barrel.
she pushes the door open a crack and someone takes a look inside.
as it heads back toward the defiant young man,
she sifts through a stack of paperwork then sits at the desk and rifles through files and drawers.
someone creeps past a man-made waterfall.
the teen girl hesitates and looks around.
he notices someone.
he rolls it down.
someone wiggles his normal-looking toes.
below, someone makes a sharp turn onto a city street.
they quickly go back to work.
someone looks over his shoulder and spots one of his men stalking out the alley and across the street following his path.
someone gives a puzzled frown, someone eyes someone.
someone turns her back to him and switches off a lamp on a dresser.
someone lifts his head and metal type bars fall back into place.
someone watches a fly darting around his head.
a text from someone reads, get home okay?
in an outhouse, someone stands facing the small wooden building.
a female cellist bows her instrument, performing on a lawn strewn with dead leaves.
a stack of dirty plates levitates over to the sink
someone looks at his manager who gives him a grim look.
as someone chomps into a taco doused with hot sauce, his friend swigs a coke.
in the hall, someone shifts his weight uneasily, then treads toward the kitchen.
he turns on his tv.
as someone glares fiercely at someone, the timekeeper hits the bell.
now pedestrians in traffic crowd as
they see a car parked behind the truck.
she offers him her phone.
little blackie's head hits the ground with a thud.
the real someone peaks out from behind a corner, and with a wave of his hand dispels the false image of himself.
someone shuts the door.
he lets himself drift away from it.
someone buys designer clothes and expensive luggage.
now they enter in a salon.
then uses the utility knife to tear open his undershirt, exposing the helpless man's chest.
someone enters the back room with a pizza.
framed in a window, the eiffel tower lit up in the night sky.
two guards bring someone's mother into the office.
someone pulls free.
in his perch, someone puts a cigarette in his lips and strikes a match.
someone enters the penalty box, where he sits on a waiting recliner, puts his feet up, and rests his hands behind his head.
someone grins at the pentagon official.
he lifts his eyes to someone's.
someone smiles to herself and paddles toward it.
a caption reads, police bowling league.
she opens it and gazes down at the drawing of the rocket striking the eye of the man in the moon.
the driver puts his hands on the wheel and turns his head.
someone lowers her thoughtful gaze.
the burly player returns to the bench and takes a seat, his gaze downcast.
she kicks him off of her.
someone throws his hat at one then strikes him down.
someone races after it as someone follows.
muffled click.
and someone's sitting alone in the cinema.
someone follows the note through a narrow alley and emerges on a street littered with hundreds of loose notes.
two bartenders catch her and carry her to the chaise lounge.
someone's brow lifts in a delighted smile, he shakes her hand.
a tremendous, three-dimensional holographic orb appears over the center of the disc.
in a corridor, three guys and two women anxiously heed the words of a nurse.
now, a shapely brunette gets off the motorcycle and unzips her leather body suit.
now with the car parked, the camera stays on the driver.
pepper approaches the tech.
later, someone drinks with the rescued men.
her eyes flickered.
it rushes him and someone sprints to the mallet.
her father pats her shoulder and they continue up the aisle as someone helplessly watches them go.
someone, a lean man with dark, sleek hair and a handlebar mustache slouches as he eats.
her eyes still closed, squeezes her sister's hands.
someone rides inside wearing a veil.
she wrings her hands, eying a feminine sculpture in repose.
for each location she finds a corresponding vanger property on the map.
now, a man's cuffed hands rest folded on a table.
the seated vampire meets his gaze.
he steps around his staircase and picks up the manuscript.
chasing the cat across the counter, snowy knocks the model ship to the floor.
someone hopples out sleepily and gives someone a playful smack.
someone taps his arm.
as the host collects his time, the newcomer shifts his eyes uncertainly.
a plane takes off.
someone shoots him an incredulous look.
banging on the door, she sees the man glance back then hurry off.
someone charges forward, his head jetting up from the canvas' open flap at the bow.
beside him, someone gives a nod and raises his staff in congratulations.
across the court, he taps on someone's shoulder.
lowering her gaze, she strides for the door and irritably tosses down a piece of clay on her way out.
he follows someone around a corner.
later, someone looks over someone's sketchbook.
someone glares down at them.
someone turns away from the teen and slumps forward morosely.
someone pins a medal on someone's military uniform.
one dirt smeared adolescent, gripping a pole arm, eyes the village with a jealous longing pout.
in the hallway, someone tosses two gas pellets at a sixth and seventh guard.
now fully dressed, he slips out of his room and hurries down the hall.
he brandishes a sword.
they bounce their hips, then they each kick a thug in the crotch.
someone and someone find someone amid the rubble and help him to his feet.
a man in a nice suit steps out from a doorway.
while lying in bed, someone wipes a tear from the corner of her eye.
someone blinks, then averts her heartbroken gaze.
lights illuminate the stage.
now, a second sparkler dramatizing the puppets' kiss blurs to become sparks thrown by a welding torch in someone's grip.
then lap into the hall where someone takes cover.
now a marquee reads, the penthouse - beautiful girls nightly.
he guides the cat's face to the bench and slides the food off the spear.
massive pillars stripe the surrounding concave walls.
as someone picks up the receiver, someone and someone lean close.
afterward, someone films the gravesite.
she walks over to someone who's by some bare trees tying leather bags to his horses saddle.
the nazi officer places the box he removed from the tower onto a table.
in a deserted baggage claim area, someone spots a sleeping janitor slumped on the floor.
someone pitches his hat, sights the men, and fires.
the blonde opens her wallet and hesitates.
in the shed, someone raises her skirts above her knee boot revealing her milky white leg.
someone turns his back to the goateed zookeeper.
he talks on a headset.
her red painted lips primly stifle an excited smile.
now, someone leaves someone's building.
someone and someone hoist the head up between them.
the teacher breaks his trance.
now, a photo of someone slow dancing with the alien comes to life.
someone stands in the doorway.
he jogs to a yellow hummer.
pumping his arms, someone sprints down the field after the boy with the backpack.
with a smile, he turns away.
ghost rider leaps onto the driver's seat and takes the wheel.
as someone attacks beast, his tail grabs someone's throat.
she smiles and turns back to the rest of the studio.
someone goes to the boarding house where a jolly round lady greets her with a big hug.
they stroll a sidewalk.
in the pharmacy workroom, a bespectacled man with sizable sideburns grinds a pestle in a mortar.
leaving the van, the boy studies his change.
his mother looks down.
bikini clog beauty approaches someone.
her eyes widening, the 911 operator stands frozen.
later, someone lets someone into the house.
next, he simultaneously tosses a ball from his left hand and his right.
now, someone arrives at the school office.
a year later, someone sits facing a group of inmates in an alcoholics anonymous meeting.
she presses the letter to her lips.
standing beside a humvee, they lock eyes.
as her brother flirts with a girl.
the rich man stands and faces the thugs.
one shows him on skis in the snow.
high-fiving, the pros find someone amid their huddle.
he spots someone standing alone.
someone slides backward.
later, someone moves a suitcase into the apartment, then ambles over to the windows lining the hallway.
she notices his distant gaze.
someone stands inside a protective chamber.
the bully tries to peer through, as a crowd gathers.
clad in a pale pink jumpsuit, she wears her un-styled curly hair in a low ponytail.
nibbling on pretzel rods, someone sits at the kitchen table, eyeing it.
she smokes as she makes a call from the drivers seat.
he chambers a round.
later, someone oversees the men as they perform push-ups.
on his computer screen, the marine drone status changes from "engage" to "deploy."
later, the boy with the mohawk faces off with a fighting someone.
as the van spins a 180 degrees, someone's truck pushes a sideway sedan into his front end.
she activates the screen and dials 911.
someone holds it open as a blond woman steps out.
someone gets a text from someone reading, mission alert.
the corpse drops.
someone's mouth hangs open and she shudders.
she staggers into a room and collapses to her knees.
wearing a black someone ensemble of bra, panties, and garter belt, she breezes past a bouncer, who follows her dutifully into the casino and shuts the door.
someone stands at the other side of it, his hand in his pockets, gazing down at the floor.
at the end of a hallway, a door's window frames a view of someone shambling closer, his arms hanging at his sides.
someone and others watch tv.
later, on his side, he turns off the light.
she pats his chest.
he throws amnesia dust then steps inside.
the someone emerges.
someone considers someone.
a skyward view shows puffy clouds behind someone, someone, and someone who wear sunglasses and lip sync.
meanwhile, someone drives someone's car.
and they leave through the same door.
he reads the note with a magnifying glass.
with his free hand, he places items from atop the desk on the toy's tripod-like base.
someone at another map marked with tiny flags.
the lanky rock-star drops a hand on someone's shoulder.
someone calmly brings a whistle to her lips.
he hustles along as the farmer halts.
now, someone enters the mess hall with a bottle of liquor and sees holloway drunkenly fiddling with balls on the pool table.
he stares at the surf with his hands in his pockets.
later, someone's dark hair looks frizzy and dry.
as someone returns with his camera, someone notices him.
someone climbs out of a makeshift fort.
someone smiles his thanks as someone heads off.
the man hurries off.
a blonde man bends over someone.
carrying the brown paper bag, she steps off the sidewalk between parked cars and looks around in the middle of the street.
someone continues into a caged area.
he irritably waves her over.
he kneels in front of her.
her lips twitch in a thoughtful expression.
as someone dodges them, someone flies back into a lamppost.
her pearl briefs fly off.
the unshaven man takes a step forward his expression inscrutable.
he approaches a mirror.
on the sidewalk, firemen gather for a break outside the corner diner.
he reappears at a window beside them.
in a recruitment office, men wearing only boxer shorts sit or stand in line.
someone calls someone as he stares at his phone, which someone holds aloft.
someone opens her arms before the packed church.
they gaze at each other for a moment,
someone turns to the mirror and sees her red lips and painted eyelids.
a sign on a door reads, "divas in session, members only".
he sees someone's somber face.
he hangs his head and stares at the ground.
someone comes out of the barrel near the bone yard and speeds toward shore, the froth nipping at his heels.
bread in the adjoining kitchen.
he lights the fuse on a chain of fireworks, grabs his backpack, and runs off.
the blinds show her silhouette.
he takes a drag off his cigarette.
the gang leader sips his drink and stands, keeping his eyes locked on the exotic woman.
he continues sweeping the jacket around his body, practicing as he heads out of the courtyard.
standing in a closet of mostly empty hangers, someone hangs up his red u-mart polo shirt.
someone, aiming a rifle, cautiously approaches an open hatchway to the ship.
she leads her laotong onward with a pinched expression.
by the children, the pigs swims in circle,
the vehicles separate around a civilian car.
she takes out a photo of someone holding a guitar.
two men clasp each other's arms.
now in fast motion, the sun sets.
he rolls the tire into a barren habitat.
later, someone sits on the porch, sipping peacefully from a mug.
rinses his razor in the toilet water and shaves his legs.
the nose hits the button and it lights up.
the two friends walk past townsfolk gathered to watch the procession, then stop at a gateway in a brick wall that encloses the property.
someone and someone stare after their unhappy cousins, then turn away and head toward the barn.
the screen displays a string of nonsense letters.
he kisses her forehead and touches her face.
from a hip holster, someone whips out an electric tape measure.
two teens flee, one falls.
spreading open the fan, someone reads her friend's message.
someone stares as his wife with a furrowed brow, then concedes a small nod.
passing other pedestrians, he continues down a campus
someone and someone walk into a backroom and face a bookcase which swings open,
day 28 becomes day 31
someone taps her thumbnail against the watch face.
and two officers get out.
she lowers her gaze to a headline.
preston holds up a film reel.
he uncovers someone someone.
someone holds the captain's gaze.
flying off the hood, someone rolls on the hard pavement.
she smiles playfully.
someone gazes into the distance.
someone jumps off as it explodes.
someone's clock shows 1 minute, 26 seconds.
as we peer up at her board from underwater, her legs kick out widely at its sides.
a vulture takes food from a man's mouth.
samantha walks off.
she removes her ear buds.
as someone stares, someone finds a body lying face down in his suit.
our view retracts.
someone steps onto a sidewalk
bowing his head, someone shuffles back a few steps, then heads inside.
outside, a postman waits at the front door.
pulling her out through the driver's side window, he dismounts his motorcycle and grips her by the arms.
she crouches astride someone who struggles beneath her.
someone puts on glasses with dark lenses.
someone looks around with his hand on his chest.
later, he stands by as someone edges uneasily down the tightrope with his arms spread for balance.
onstage, dancers move in unison while the seated band performs.
someone's van is parked behind some trees, and someone puts her things in.
shifting to all fours on the grid, someone dips a hand into the ocean.
the group cautiously follows the music, moving deeper into the cave.
someone removes a hair extension to reveal her shorter natural length.
someone puts his hands on his hips and hangs his head.
he receives a text from someone.
he sends two slamming into each other, chest to chest, then bonks another flat with his own chest.
someone loses his grip on the tail and lands face first in a powdery dune.
someone walks off.
someone glares at him, then lowers his gun.
someone's poker buddies draw guns and fires as he flees.
someone rushes in.
he shifts his gaze to someone.
below, his teammates and fans stare after him and the players on the ice stand motionless.
firefighters watch the group head into the wreckage.
the leader gives a nod and homer leaves.
someone dashed
he taps the ring on his helmet.
leaks through cracks, raining into the cave.
someone stares sympathetically at the tearful guidance counselor.
later, someone shows someone more illustrations in the incantus.
snowy raises his head and hits it on the cows utters.
someone tosses another soldier into the air, then catches his shield as it boomerangs back to him.
someone sits at the bow sharing a vigilant gaze with the hyena who remains back at the edge of the canvas.
someone stands, walks to the door, and knocks.
now, someone enters someone's house.
he remembers his father lifting his face as the soldier bring him to his knees.
as the overhead lights dim, an assistant picks up the egg.
someone stands at the far end of the large conference table, opposite someone.
that night, someone walks into his kitchen, throws down his bag and turns on the lights.
she watches the floodlit baseball field through the windows.
guided by the official, someone compliantly backs off, and someone gets to his feet.
she falls back and smiles at him, meaningfully.
outside the arena, four police officers walk with pepper.
now she unpacks her framed photo.
eyeing someone, the paunchy man tosses the ball into the air, and slams it across the table, acing him.
he peers into the nave.
then comes across a page filled with handwriting and halts.
someone turns to run but a massive explosion knocks him to the ground.
the official studies the boys, then snaps his flags.
now, at la ferrovia, someone sits across from a brunette with purple streaks in her hair.
his lanky figure curves softly in a melancholy slouch.
someone fires hitting someone in the groin.
next, a fleet of airships, dirigibles, and hot air balloons fly across a cloudy sky.
someone lies on her couch.
as he turns to go, she reaches for his hand.
the family watches behind a mirrored window.
he takes out a syringe then turns to his son.
someone takes a few calm breaths then leaves.
other shallow graves dot the hill.
the bearded driver narrows his eyes.
someone grabs the other guard's rifle and butts him in the head with it.
from outside, we watch someone backing across the bedroom.
he begins to cry as they embrace.
someone pours herself coffee then walks to someone who reads the paper.
miss someone and miss someone stand behind him.
she catches up on the sidewalk.
a jar falls off.
someone attempts it with a deck of his own but fumbles and drops the cards.
he peels it, then gets distracted by her breasts, and lowers the phallic fruit to his crotch.
they lift the stretcher into their ridge.
a monstrous wave curls into a barrel big enough to hold a bus.
clutching her monkey puppet, someone nods.
she runs into his arms.
she shoves him out of the kitchen.
someone rubs someone's foot as she sits under the metallic blanket.
the ship slows as it approaches a gap between two outcroppings.
later, our view chases after him as he races through the park.
then rests her head wearily against the door frame.
someone shakes his hand, pats him on the back, and shows him to his seat.
reaching the dining area he finds himself fully exposed by its floor to ceiling windows.
he gestures towards the back of the shop.
someone thinks to himself.
the six pig hold it in his hooves.
someone swipes items from his desk, finds sunscreen and puts it on.
he disconnects her.
he picks her up with her knees straddling his waist.
someone strolls up to the podium and sets the cardboard box on top.
now, someone lies asleep in his elegant suite,
ken's yoke jerks away.
the mother regards him disgustedly but makes no move to leave him.
as someone swaggers over, she tensely faces him.
the cursor moves along the monitor's dock to the iphoto application.
she waves a photo.
as she leaves, someone peeks under his covers.
he finds someone and someone browsing the room's contents.
boys playing stickball on the street move aside as someone and agent someone pass in a car.
he leads the local police out of the cell block.
now he returns to the basement apartment.
she glances aside, then lowers her thoughtful gaze.
someone moves pass the females, some of whom cover their bodies demurely.
light ripples over its surface and it erupts in a huge fireball.
as dark smoke rises from the pellets, the guards cover their eyes.
someone's shoulders heave as he takes in the spectacle.
someone rides his bike into someone's driveway and slides to a stop.
as someone lies on his back, someone kisses him.
she runs out from behind the police car and embraces her husband.
he turns it around to face a different space.
in the early morning darkness, people stir in a parked car.
she spots someone.
she exits the room and sees someone.
the agent narrows his eye, glances at the fallen man, and withdraws, revealing someone's lifeless stare.
with her gun at the ready, someone crosses the kitchen in search of the someone.
someone gets up and follows him.
someone takes the wine lists and holds it.
in the spanish castle, someone swigs from the bottle as he dances with someone.
meanwhile, on the bridge, the holographic map shows the pups still tracing out tunnels and chambers and someone's and someone's location within.
someone's brow knits as she looks on, and someone shakes her head.
as the mustang drives off, someone takes off his jacket and whips it at the flaming tank.
he takes off a necklace with a flower pendant.
ace slaps someone's hand and leaves.
fire and smoke billow from the left engine.
he uses the intercom.
he opens them again and furrows his brow.
someone beams as she watches her parents.
someone gazes at her and brushes her dark hair aside to reveal her big eyes.
as he claps his hands together, the giant element condenses into a single golf ball sized holograph.
now dressed as someone, someone exits the stall.
at the rink, someone shoots pucks at the net.
back at kemosabe's, someone smells a bottle of cologne.
someone blinks over her smile and averts her gaze.
someone rides on board.
dodging a tractor-trailer, someone's bearded driver smashes into a parked van.
she sets it down and picks bacon bits off her tongue.
someone zips the bag closed over his earnest gaze.
a pretty, young woman opens the window and the girl ducks down.
as someone kicks it back, the penguins play with them.
another group sits around two young men playing acoustic guitars.
someone presses his lips together with a resigned smile as someone someone lies down and eats his meal.
a tall african american woman steps into view.
the customer steps out in a gorilla mask.
stopping at the base of the throne's platform, the blonde man kneels and sets down his hammer and helmet.
someone giggles, then downs her shot.
she pulls off her t-shirt and smiles at him in her amply filled black bra.
someone looks at scans.
someone leaps out of the way as a drone fires a missile then explodes near someone.
someone faces her younger brother.
in slow motion the undercover cops get out and sling their backpacks over one shoulder.
he pushes open the window and jumps into a large dark room filled with disused furniture.
looking over her frail form, he breathes softly.
grinning, someone shoots her dad a tearful glance.
lunging forward, he sends a giant wave of energy toward them.
someone's come in.
as someone lifts a section of the tubing, someone slides the shield underneath.
eyes darting, he stays by someone's side as they walk outdoors.
bradford kneels beside her.
his four cohorts stand in the doorway.
around his right wrist, turning them
as the well-dressed husband helps his wife down a few steps, someone's friend's jaw drops.
someone unwraps the automaton.
someone unzips the end of his jacket sleeve.
the moppy-haired boy goes to the fridge.
ride out of asgard on horseback.
he puts it in the fridge.
someone grabs the letter and gazes longingly then turns it over in the box.
she clings to him, holding her shoes and wedding bouquet.
someone blows him a kiss.
someone straddles him.
holds a scalpel to the head doctor's neck.
someone gives someone a nod.
someone pulls his fur coat tighter around himself as fierce winds blow the falling snow nearly horizontal.
someone looks down, then hugs his wife.
they stop at a neon restroom sign and she heads inside.
as she peers outside, falling
someone nuzzles the brunette's hair.
duct tape covers the victim's mouth.
they teach.
someone obeys his arriving master.
she lifts him in a hug.
someone starts for the door.
other military drones drop down and surround them.
the man steps further in, passing an electric fan and a jar of paintbrushes.
someone eats one.
he turns and faces someone.
someone gives her a playful shove, and she swats at him.
as the thug searches for her a pedicab pulls up.
now, stripped down to her underwear and leather gloves in her hotel bathroom,
on the other end, someone gives a weary shake of the head.
someone regards him proudly.
as someone heads to the back, the soldiers inside raise their gun
someone kicks open the door and races in as a few survivors flee.
someone sits at a synthesizer.
as snowy bites into the sandwich, someone falls.
at the kitchen sink, someone turns on the faucet.
pale and sickly, he briefly turns away from the surrounding guests, wipes his mouth then grabs a knife.
they sit across from each other.
chewing some gum, the criminal gives a cocky smile.
a certificate award bears someone's name.
she gives his hand a squeeze.
he grins at her surprised smile.
a wardrobe lady fits someone with a belt.
in moscow, the russian general looks out at a military parade through from a balcony.
someone points to it.
now the hollywood sign fills the screen.
reverend bryce looks at someone.
now at the anderson house, the bible study group watches a comedian on the color tv.
a dj works a set of digital turntables.
and smiles faintly as his balance ticks past a century.
he lands on his stomach and slides.
they stare in the same direction.
nearing the auditorium, he shoves past waiting young musicians.
someone locks eyes with him and draws him forward, tears shining on his cheeks.
he enters a darkened living room and tosses a pillow on a sofa.
bright light fills our view, then fades to pale desert sand.
someone grabs the young man and cuffs him.
instead pockets the cigarette case.
someone massages his own hand.
now pedestrians cross a bustling town square.
someone looks in her bag.
someone steps away, then rises into the sky with the other asgardians in a streak of light.
someone passes in front of our view as the picture fades to black.
someone's naked apart from the towel he's clutching over his groin.
sitting alone at a table, pepper watches the tv as another uniformed man throws down his helmet and stomps off as someone approaches a blue and white racecar.
he pauses, pushes himself up, and looks to the window.
the car stops abruptly.
someone smiles as he sits with them.
tying the match at 2 to 2.
now, laid out in an open wicker coffin, sir someone's body lies clad in snowy robes and surrounded by greenery.
two detectives exit the coffee shop.
he strides up to the table, faces a seat, then stares wistfully.
she shuts the door.
someone gazes across the room at her ex, who sits engrossed in his work.
someone answers the door and finds someone.
two officers escort someone out.
the russian lets him go.
now the couple barges into someone's house locked in a passionate embrace.
behind a rock, someone watches the battle.
a text message reads: someone anderson running late.
snowy sniffs at the tube, but someone kicks it under a cabinet.
someone stands as the tall man helps his daughter out of the truck.
someone climbs into the backseat of a jeep carrying agent someone.
at the boom's opposite end, armed guards keep watch on a balcony on the excavator's base structure.
a servant places the privileged girl in a seat beside her new laotong.
someone finds a key then takes a handgun from a table's underside.
as coco hugs someone, the crowd rises in a standing ovation.
as someone turns his back to the elevator, his jaw drops and his wide eyes shift disbelievingly.
ghost rider's smoldering hand reaches out of the fiery crater left behind.
he drops the launcher.
she returns their gaze, breathing heavily from her exertion.
turning, he cocks his head.
he ducks out of the way.
someone nearly chokes on her red wine.
someone calls from the ship.
someone walks around the car to the pumps.
someone gives the bank chairman a cold look, then follows his partner.
she fiddles with her top button.
she marches over to him as the artist brushes makeup on his face.
its beam illuminates primitive cave paintings.
he lets go.
a horned owl turns its head.
as she reaches for the faucet, someone bursts out.
the alien's gone.
someone's smile fades, as she notices her mother's haughty gaze fixed stubbornly on the tv.
the battered someone murmurs.
the blonde smiles up at someone.
the other study a large tattoo of someone's smiling face above the banner, forever.
someone shoots his colleague an uncomfortable smile.
someone nods slightly as he meets someone's gaze.
leaving her building, someone spots her.
as others laugh and cringe in equal measure.
his keys sit in front of the envelope from inside captain's crate.
a crowd watches three men get hanged.
someone picks up a suitcase and heads off with someone.
someone steps on the brake and the car stops short again.
several yards ahead, someone's form bobs in and out of view as she plays in the ocean.
he hits the truck again and someone's van spins away, passing by someone.
he slows as the identical twin inspectors someone and someone approach from the opposite direction.
he reaches into his pocket and signals for someone to step forward.
his eyelids flutter and he wakes up.
an employee takes a live lobster from a tank and bags it, someone and someone swap a look.
he presses a hand to the man's face which becomes dark with rotting flesh.
loitering men spot someone and swap looks.
someone fires then rolls behind the couch and faces his partner.
someone appears in a doorway.
someone darts out of the corridor.
as a large wave sprays over, strong wind whips it away.
the ferryman walks up and someone looks at two figures on the opposite bank.
lounging with two women, the someone laughs.
he uses his cell.
he faces soldiers in back with him.
someone sits on a reclining chair with a look of amazement as they try on outfits.
someone picks up a coffee pot.
someone gazes thoughtfully at the message,
nighttime in his bedroom, someone stares at his reflection in a mirror and studies the damaged skin on his neck and chest.
with his eyes fixed on someone, he reaches for his cards.
lying in bed and talking,
he activates a smoke bomb and rolls it into the hallway.
he blows the whistle and stares up a hill.
someone sheepishly excuses himself.
someone's eyes open up and he peeks over the branch.
squeezing between them, she slides down like an elevator on its tracks.
she slides off her jacket and falls back on his bed.
she raises an eyebrow.
the inspector struggles to his feet.
they walk along the street.
the guys continue their dash to the exit, someone keeping hold of the orb.
someone hangs back, keeping an eye on someone.
he holds up an egg.
now he opens the cabinet and rummages through the drugs.
it shows someone's internet activity as she checks her email
overhead someone and someone continue their crane duel.
someone and someone sidle along the bushes to a curtained basement window.
setting his tinted glasses on the shelf, someone watches the bathroom door open.
with tearful eyes he notices the awkward teen watching him.
he gives someone more cash.
inside union station, someone walks down stairs into the sunlit great hall.
with a scowl, someone answers his phone.
later, he hands a silver-dragon figurine to village boy.
someone falls, baring his gritted teeth.
he peers at them, his eyes framed by the helmet.
now, someone's crossover arrives back at home.
spotting an elderly man with a walker, the penguin tucks in its flippers and shoots between his legs.
he meets someone's gaze, she grins broadly in reply.
with a wry grin, he shakes his head and stands.
someone turns his head away, his gaze solemn and distant.
effects punch and spins away.
someone stands motionless, his wary gaze fixed on someone.
he prepares cocaine.
he pretends to gnaw on one.
someone looks back at conway.
the first agent slams her.
plucking out the envelope, he rips it open and reads the letter within.
the agent pats him on the shoulder, then walks off.
the two men shake hands.
someone flutters her arms overhead.
someone takes the essay from his pocket and sets it on the tray.
someone mimes drinking a cup of espresso, then spreads his hands and opens his mouth wide.
he pushes the door shut.
then sits up again.
someone takes the doll and runs off.
the boy watches as the man lowers his head and shuts his eyes.
the other survey team members leave the atvs staring up.
someone runs over to someone and shakes her.
someone stands aside and gazes at her sister then blinks and stares downward.
someone, his kids, and the zoo staff stand before him as he considers.
now our view drifts away from a mansion on a vast countryside estate.
board covered with number 4.
someone glances at someone with a faint smile, then sighs.
his smooth ageless features give a smirk.
someone hits someone as someone fights his friends.
someone carries off someone's tripod and camera.
the cabin turns upside-down, startling the mutants on board.
a sweet smile spreads his boyish face as she giggles with her friends.
the truck's tires spin in the loose soil until the truck bed breaks off and flips backwards.
the couple takes off running.
someone starts to guide the bride away, but someone stops.
the boxer takes off a catholic cross necklace and drapes it over his framed wedding photo.
someone glances down, then turns to someone.
someone lies back and he leans over her.
someone takes the drink and averts his gaze.
he goes into his office and turns on the lights.
she takes a deep breath.
as she reads it, her smirk fades.
he plays an acoustic guitar while blowing a harmonica attached to a neck rack.
the indraft pins the cockatoo against the back of the cage.
someone rejoins someone.
he looks out over the field as thousands of meerkats stampede into the forest.
while it's arms and torso are an open metal framework.
the corner of someone's mouth twitches in a thoughtful smirk as she continues to watch someone in the mirror,
now amongst sleeping soldiers, someone reads by flashlight.
the wind blows a piece of paper across the deck.
someone climbs down from the scratch-o-matic seat.
in the daytime, he sits with his feet up, reading over his pages.
a red and white checkered awning on the first floor's pizzeria shades the storefront.
the two trapped men move on through the dark cramped space.
facing someone, someone discreetly jerks his head aside.
sitting on his bed, staring back at the automaton, someone holds a small oil lamp.
at the airport, someone and someone arrive at the boarding area where other passengers file through a gate.
cupping someone's head in his hand, he gently rocks her back and forth.
then walks out to the backyard.
someone drops the cloth and paper wrappings, and holds up a dark metal cylinder.
a man smashes his window with a crowbar.
above an antique photo of a man with a mutton chop beard, a plaque beside it reads "cecil kikila king.
we tether backwards off the roof, then plummet.
someone retrieves the bowl and places it in her sink.
at her father's office, she enters a pass code.
under falling snow they cross the front yard.
someone sits down on a stool in front of someone, who tinkers with several cell phones.
as someone turns away, mrs.
then heads off.
he taps her shoulder and she gets to her feet.
someone approaches with a dark-skinned mannequin.
he looks over his shoulder then darts out of view as someone enters the house.
her flailing leg kicks a chair.
someone flings a guard to the floor, then grabs someone.
he faces his companion gravely.
a chubby guy drives off behind her.
someone presses a small hand-held computer's touch screen.
other arms remove his iron man suit.
entering the truck someone gives a determined look.
someone closes his door most of the way, but leaves it cracked open.
someone stares at him and he directs her gaze toward the window.
i read the course pad.
someone's gaze softens appreciatively.
away from the landing zone.
someone eyes the probe quizzically, then turns.
he mimes surgery.
he takes off his sunglasses
someone darts down the stairs.
the bald man turns to someone.
he points to one.
someone stops her trainees behind brooke's station.
aral sea, you are ordered to turn around.
a servant girl rushes over.
he rejoins his staff.
but finds his bed empty.
someone grips her head with both hands, pacing.
someone puts down her bag and removes her protective space helmet.
she removes a set of false teeth from her mouth then takes out a pair of darkly tinted contact lenses from her pale blue eyes.
someone lies on her stomach, flipping through photos of famed performers.
someone follows his friends to the top, then rides his board down the other side.
someone halfheartedly helps him out.
holding the back of the chair, she seductively points her knees in and out.
someone notices a true detective magazine in a rack.
they exchange nods.
in a forest, a rusted metal bridge spans a green brook.
someone reads a comic book as she waits on a platform for an approaching l train.
reaching the shoreline, the two mutants crash land and tumble across the beach.
he swaggers off and someone steps behind the hummer's open door.
at the studio, someone joins someone as she works a recording session.
the burly man picks someone up.
it swoops through the protective fence that surrounds the empire state building's observation deck.
someone peers down from a wall clock.
the helicopters rise high above the city, silhouetted against a rose and indigo sky.
fire as someone's aide shoots him.
the bus trails billows of exhaust as it trundles into the distance.
they stand side-by-side and watch the proceedings.
she walks out and leaves someone standing alone.
as he crosses a black persian carpet.
someone leaps over a railing then ducks between crates as a thug opens fire with a machine gun.
now, a pair of wood-framed glass doors bear stenciled chinese characters.
someone eyes a spoonful of refried beans, then puts down her bowl.
they drive along the coast road.
in slow motion, he plummets - face up, his eyes wide.
several cows lift their heads and widened their eyes as snowy races under them.
someone thrusts a hand forward.
he raises his own hand.
she opens a velvet box.
someone walks away, smiling.
later he dribbles and passes to someone who shoots and scores.
someone and the others come in and sit around them.
he glances back and motions for them to follow.
then closes her fingers around it.
someone turns in profile and bumps her shoulders forward into an animalistic slouch.
someone glances over his shoulder as he trails the man into an alley.
someone watches him approach the foot of the stairs, pause.
holding a salad bowl, someone wears a silly grin on his way to the dining room.
now, someone's shaved temple lies framed by surgical clothes.
he helps his host bring food to a table and they sit down to lunch.
with the rope around his waist, he climbs back up the side and flops onto the bench.
he tries to climb over the wall, but fails.
someone takes a long drink and the others wait until he lowers his glass before they warily lower their
seated across from someone, the woman sips her beer.
our view gently drifts toward her worried face framed by thin strands of her raven hair.
inside, she approaches an apartment door.
someone's man servant returns someone's flashlight and leads him out.
someone sits at a table.
as the match continues, the fighting someone wraps his legs around his opponent's neck, and swings him to the mat.
he throws up his hand and turns away.
a red splotched alien spies them.
he pours it down the sink.
the cards float up and collect in his palm.
we never leave until the job is done.
popping a wheelie, they glide along on only the bike's rear wheel.
apart from someone who's wearing a bright yellow michigan top and beige chinos
they hug and kiss.
they leave and our view returns to someone who remains at the table covering her mouth with her hand.
he quickly grabs his radio.
someone throws the board again.
lamar bites down on his pipe.
standing at the bar, someone raises one finger.
she shifts her tearful gaze away.
someone demonstrates a counterattack.
someone subdues a delighted smile.
someone stabs another giant then shields herself against a bally of ice shards.
across a courtyard, they show up on the chopper's monitor.
she aims the remote at the tv.
the king brushes his cheek.
lifting his contented gaze, the teen does a double take.
he grits his teeth.
as he readies the needle, two slippered feet walk down the hall.
now sweat glistens on someone's skin as she pads briskly through the garage.
as someone heads down the hall, the door reopens, and someone hurries after him.
someone leaves and someone faces someone.
he points her fingers like guns, puts on his hat, and strike a pose.
she ducks her chin in surprise.
stepping back,
in raleigh, north carolina, people file toward an arena.
as he looks around, someone paddles along the hull and tries again without success.
someone and someone bumped rears.
the gunmen return to the alley.
someone stares sadly.
as she steps away, someone opens his eyes.
attaching the smaller ones to a belt around her waist.
a man interviews someone.
the saleswoman stares at someone.
their faces betray no sign of emotion as they pivot on their feet, kick, and crouch.
as someone breaks the glass shard rained down on his friends.
kicking his leg up, he balances it along one pole.
the mp leaves.
they follow someone toward the city passing someone, still encased in ice with his face frozen in a scream.
facing him, someone brushes back her hair.
as we reach a palatial building, words appear - coalition provisional authority
he grins and gives the blonde a kiss.
he smiles down at her.
elsewhere, a mass of people moves through a parking lot.
she views his photos.
turning his back on someone, he crouches, revealing a red thong.
magical wind mows a curving path through the barley.
someone snaps a picture.
someone and someone shoot and punch more drones as they approach.
n the foyer, a well-dressed man sits at a table covered in artwork.
bracing one hand on the chest, someone clenches a fist and softly pounds the chest lid.
now at the gq offices, someone compares to cover mockups, one featuring someone, the other president obama.
her alarm goes off at 1:30.
someone recoils as he paws her face and smells her neck.
his mother watches as he struggles to close it.
and he lifts her up.
sir someone lunges, strikes red someone, then slices another rope holding a lantern.
as their legs stretched out in front of them.
someone stares at someone as she slowly sips her drink.
as someone watches her head up to the house
someone stops to reload.
she rises to her feet, staggers a few steps, then glimpses an expanse of the vessel's outer wall.
they take turns jumping another speed bump.
later someone drives up to the valet and gets out of his car.
someone lets out a whisper.
she does a cossack dance, kicking out one foot at a time.
someone holds it up, showing its bent tines.
someone overlooks his swimming pool.
now, someone hurries down a dorm corridor, clutching the strap of his backpack.
as a glass slides toward her, she kicks it out of the way.
both children turn as the white cube on someone's desk begins to vibrate.
someone sets his jaw.
someone's corn silk hair lies captured in a tight braid, and she wears slim-fitting breaches and riding boots.
later, he crosses week four off the chart and colors the breath-holding graph just under two minutes.
he takes a coin from her.
as the carriage fades away, the finished washington monument appears in the distance.
he heads off, leaving someone staring at the fire.
later he drives up to a valet standing outside an office.
the images crossfade as they change, creating a disjointed animated effect.
someone shoves someone out of a window.
she takes off her necklace, wraps it in a paper towel and shoves it in the trash.
later he talks with to the professor outside.
small fires dot the field.
he toss.
they gaze at her through blurry eyes.
then pulls a face.
he holds on, shaking his drenched head, and keeps paddling.
he pushes himself along the hull, standing on a new triangular version of the raft.
he turns his wry gaze away and awkwardly finds himself face to face with the large goateed passenger to his left.
the rule appears.
as someone tries to side step around her, she blocks him.
someone nods as she walks off.
someone steps toward his wife, hesitates, and pats her back.
a bespectacled man holds a cup.
he answers his cellphone.
he hurries inside and closes the door.
someone slaps someone on the back.
she takes a call on her mobile.
the swimming pool glimmers outside someone's apartment.
a couple reads on a couch.
someone lifts the gas pump handle off the ground then turns and freezes.
come on, come on, come on now.
the official snaps a score flag.
teen orphan pokes his head through and extends a hand.
as someone's hand closes into a fist, she lunges for the emergency release.
the husband reaches for someone, but his wife tactfully restrains him.
he blinks pensively.
someone flips a switch on a panel.
someone lifts his companion's head without resistance,
revolving gate.
someone nods and they hug.
we glimpse the couple from across the ring as they embrace, surrounded by the several strands of lights adorning the trapeze structure.
he quickly limps down the hall, using a cane.
he snaps out of it.
the boom box holder stands erect among the participants, as onlookers watch delightedly.
someone gets in the pool.
she throws it into the fountain.
someone watches his mother give someone a hug.
he enters through a side door and stops a few feet from the table where someone had been.
entrance reads east valley community.
outside, several prisoners follow alongside the stolen armored vehicle as it blasts through the front gate.
someone catches up with him.
he races into the kitchen and skids to a stop.
he turns sharply and heads toward the table for two.
now a makeup mirror reflects a newspaper photo of someone performing in the burlesque lounge.
at the front door, someone takes out his tube of shrinking paste.
the bully advances and beckons someone, who runs at him.
her brow is furrowed with intense concentration.
coming out of a cave-like shelter, a rhinoceros turns around.
someone serves her pancakes with words spelled in blueberries.
her form still silhouetted against the stables rear open doorway.
they exchange half smiles.
someone fires hooks attached to a cable into trees on either side of the road.
but at the last moment, he sits back on his board.
someone crosses his arms and stares ahead as selvam spins the metal wheel.
he finds a massive tree blocking the road.
someone picks up his arc reactor from the desk and ejects a half-melted ingot.
he grimly relinquishes it.
the late day sun washes brightly across the bank's facade.
grinning, the zookeeper climbs out.
someone gives him an uncertain look.
someone lets someone shut the door then enters anyway.
as the gap widens she jumps the fissure and runs on.
someone tries to get up.
the submarine's spinning propellers emerge from the water,
someone and the others gaze at the classroom door, armed soldiers burst into the room.
scene from the ground, the suv and jeep barrel over the edge and explode on impact.
her shadow passes over the curtains covering the window in the bathroom door.
now in a dimly lit office, someone searches a file cabinet.
as he goes, someone stares after him with an enthralled gaze.
she smiles as she resumes her work.
he points out someone.
the gang leader steps in close to the traveler and lazily caresses his lapel.
a pink creature swims before her smiling face as we zoom through her forehead into the blackness.
guards pace atop a square scaffolding which encloses the center of the crater,
now, a wetsuit-clad figure treads churning water.
leaning next to the cop, someone looks at a file in his hand.
they hold eye contact, and she lets go.
as we peer down on them from above,
looks at himself in the mirror and notices the attendant waiting with the towel draped over his forearm.
riding inside, someone glances at the young criminal, who stares back with a blank piercing
the coin floats from his hand.
they sit with open bibles as she turns the tv back on.
someone looks down at a photo in the newspaper article captioned gottfried vanger and carlin shaking hands.
someone carries him piggyback out of the restaurant.
sticking the joint between his lips he jumps up and grabs the rope.
he rides through an entryway and a stone
he peers through the trees but the junkyard is shrouded in darkness.
the coach fires at someone but someone dives between them taking the hits.
on-board, passengers sip tea and uniformed flight attendants work the aisles.
someone closes the envelopes flap, and tucks the letter against the side of his body.
someone views two portraits on a wall.
he hits a pillar.
he gives a longing look.
someone taps the port side bench and tosses a piece of fish in the exact spot.
a woman smokes at the table.
as someone and someone pass, he fires.
upstairs, the boys watch their grandparents sing and dance on a video feed.
he stares at her groomed and lightened tresses.
now in a library, the camera frames someone and someone.
on the gps, a pulsing icon marks a location on a map.
on the dance floor someone sways to the music, dancing alone.
someone sits on the couch with an infant.
his shoulders heave.
someone ventures in, dwarfed by the massive disk.
someone drops the bag.
the car jerks around a corner where another zombie waits next to the track.
someone stares at a nearby radio.
reaching the main floor, someone trips then draws an ankle pistol and aims.
grabbing a can of aerosol hairspray, she sweeps it in broad circles around her head, both clockwise and counter-clockwise.
someone flies head-first into a fireplace.
meanwhile, someone continues to explore his sleek modern home.
she nods off, but awakens as her head drops.
someone wears a khaki safari-style vest over his suit.
someone steps into the bedroom and shuts the doors.
someone leans forward and pulls his wife closer.
at hammer industries, someone and someone approach someone, who works atop a small scaffold.
now, in a tavern, a tall young man writes in his journal.
connecting the newborn to the engineer's carcass.
red someone darts around sir someone and kicks out the burning gunpowder.
now, an ad shows shaquille o'neal wearing a long gray wig.
by the dozens, the ghoulish cannibals pour through the park gates and climb the fences.
someone rips off leather restraints.
someone isn't there.
as she grabs him, someone wraps his arms around her waist.
later, they gaze out from a balcony.
someone grabs a piece of jutting rock.
eating, someone shakes his head.
sleeping with her hand over some of the manuscript pages.
someone averts his gaze and blinks thoughtfully.
someone's betrayed eyes narrow as she watches him leave.
someone barely evades collisions as the armored truck smashes into every single rear end.
someone dashes down the stairs with the three gunmen close behind.
he takes off.
on the chopper, someone takes out his phone and makes a call.
he sits him down and hands him a rebreather.
someone puts on his shades.
in a private room, an exquisite scantily clad blonde joins someone.
someone gazes around.
someone stretches out his arms.
her mother leans closer and peers in to her daughter's eyes.
someone trails his former protge, observing her closely.
someone bows, then leaves.
someone stands with both hands braced on a railing, his tie slightly loosened.
someone leans forward as his mother stares at the floor.
someone stands in the kitchen with a jug of water.
the women stare at him.
red someone descends into a low ceilinged room filled with treasure.
someone darts through the tunnel and glances back at the creature.
they join the rest of the family by a hole dug in a flowerbed.
she picks up the classified file which is marked captain america,
a photo of someone and someone, aka someone and doug,
someone blearily notices his student.
in the kitchen, someone interviews someone's wife.
she wears a white v-neck dress.
now, someone stands at a window.
inside, someone shifts his gaze away from the open side door.
where a statue depicts jesus reaching from the cross.
someone delivers a high kick to his back and he falls halfway through the hatch.
it shows all team of executives.
someone grins giddily.
his black-haired brother steps out from behind a gold column and sits beside him.
on earth, someone works in her lab.
someone sees the helicopter rapidly approaching.
someone's mother freezes.
someone who stands beside a padded table in the center of the room.
sending her into a twirl, he lets go of one hand and catches her by the other.
in the kitchen, someone makes coffee.
lifts her and spins.
someone stares, wide-eyed, as his master releases his grip.
she reaches for her father's hand.
now they arrive at an open-air home similar to the boathouse, decked out with gauzy drapes and burning candles.
as they lift him and drag him away, someone spits blood at iron man.
surrounded by banyan trees, someone glances down then shows someone a warm smile.
taking in his resolute expression, someone backs off.
someone gestures and someone sits facing him.
he gingerly unrolls it to reveal an arcane depiction of a spell being cast.
elsewhere, the caddy peeks out from a sunken sand trap.
back at the house a leaf falls off the bodhi tree.
someone takes a hatchet from the supply hatch.
she notes the look of wonder on his face.
his father limply raises one hand and rests it against someone's shoulder.
someone walks alongside the car, scanning the destroyed vehicle.
in the office, someone's friend mimes for him to take off his headset.
they both swig a beer.
someone glances at someone then looks back at the drawing.
behind him, thousands more stand in formation.
the man extends his hand.
that someone reveal the alien lab.
noticing the others watching, someone affects a stoic demeanor and holds his hand up in a wave.
someone creeps over to someone and crouches at his side.
a cloud of black smoke rises from the jet's burning wreckage.
they walk to a corner with a view of the empire state building.
someone kicks a giant across the ground and looks up at someone.
a guy passes between them.
cars pack a four-lane artery.
he points at someone.
using a touch screen built into the glass, the man accesses an amber-hued memory of a little girl watching men carry a body on a litter.
the bureaucrat sets a short stack of cash in front of the girl.
a drone on the ground fires at someone, then rockets skyward.
with a look of disbelief someone slowly lowers her phone.
someone talks on his cell as he runs into the building with the flower store.
someone fingers someone's toy sword as someone cups her hand in his.
someone shatters the windows of the observation deck and sucks up all of the bystanders' cellphones and cameras.
he jumps up to his feet.
someone picks up a blonde hair extension and brushes it out.
he throws rock through its windows.
he tosses someone a parcel.
someone stands on the rear bumper.
she gently squeezes someone's fingers as she gazes at the ailing woman.
they follow her inside.
he reaches up and grabs onto the clock's giant minute hand - a thin metal beam pointed at the number three.
as she kicks his pistol away, he grabs her wrist and redirects her aim.
she smooths putty at the seam.
someone's smile grows.
he springs from her touch.
he whips his chain at three of them and they disintegrate into flames and ash.
the girl grins sweetly and leaves.
he screams silently.
he spots angel fluttering above the ship.
someone's anchored yacht looms before us,
now outside the rental house, someone and someone play ping-pong while the others watch.
someone watches from a safe distance as smoldering someone rains down.
he climbs out of the pinto.
they sit side by side on the kitchen floor.
as someone jams the barrel of his gun into the warden's neck, the warden spins the dial on a safe door.
a feather attached to a knife blade flies upward from his hat.
in his compartment, someone leans out from behind the crates and returns fire with a pistol.
someone takes the check from someone's red-headed assistant and gives her a long, deep kiss.
in the kitchen vivian wraps up pieces of pottery in newspaper and boxes them.
her long brown hair hangs lose.
several depict her and a smiling young boy.
a goateed thug with a shaved head and a tattoo on his neck steps out.
she looks over from her laptop.
one cuts the statue in half, leaving flames along the sever line.
in the bedroom, the gunman grits his teeth as he stares at the door paned with textured glass.
eyeing the food dubiously, he puts it back.
the three newcomers make their way down the platform, suitcases in hand.
he looks at her.
someone peers back around the corner.
it reads, "check one.
orange juice slumps against the edge of the canvas cover taking slow, deep breaths.
misty-eyed, someone grins then waves her hands.
someone flips a control board switch.
a doe-eyed young woman with auburn hair marches out from the back.
as he turns it in his fingers.
lifting its head, the destroyer fires again, but someone flies into storm clouds swirling in the sky.
suited men in sunglasses escort well-dressed citizens and chauffeurs assist patrons into cars.
as someone and the drones zoom over parked vehicles, car alarms set off flashing tail lights.
a young boy touches someone's arm.
the young man shifts his eyes, then nods.
someone gives a puzzled shrug.
lying in his bed under the golden canopy,
a massive burst of water blasts upward as the wave crashes into more rock formations.
from the edge of the hull, she repels 20 feet to the ground.
someone lifts his glass,
he removes her sandals and grips her ankles as she pulls away.
someone reaches for her, but the noblewoman wrenches her arm out of her grasp and climbs the stairs alone.
the sorcerer opens the lid, revealing the silver-dragon figurine.
avoiding everyone else's stare.
standing at the top of a wave, someone shoves another surfer forcing him off his board.
someone holds up his ring finger as the doors close.
taking them out, she reads the cover page "snowflower and the secret fan."
gripping an upper rail, he lowers himself toward a lateral split across the gap.
someone pulls out a small, slimy tentacle.
someone's auburn hair blows across her face as she stares slack-jawed at the oncoming traffic.
the childs pose for a photo.
the figure taps her walking stick.
the family stands together facing the gate.
someone opens the big book.
it contains only three.
he tries to shut her out but she blocks the door with her foot.
now in a hotel, someone joins someone on a bed where she uses her laptop.
facing his ex, he grins from ear to ear.
now, a train's headlights cut through the night air.
he leaves the bathroom.
later, he searches stacks of documents.
a police car cuts them off.
she sits back up.
other families watch from the sidewalk.
someone bites her bottom lip.
his neck glistening with sweat in the moonlight.
she twirls her finger.
but someone stays back.
the someone gazes at the children's window.
as she comes in, someone lifts her up in his arms and welcomes her with a big kiss.
someone examines his transparent hands.
one takes a golden emerald ring from a victim's finger.
one guy checks out a stack of crates.
he vanishes.
a blonde man with a gun leads the thugs.
seated at the edge of an in-ground pool littered with leaves.
someone throws an arm around someone.
someone gives someone a look.
she shows her wing.
she holds the folded fan out to the noblewoman.
someone joins the couple.
someone spots someone by the bench tapping his watch.
she holds his gaze with solemn eyes.
a mcclain impersonator have drinks
someone pulls out the pink walkie talkie.
he notices someone watching them from the window.
he thoughtfully eyes the boxes of coins stored under a glass counter.
someone staggers woefully as he nears then sinks to her knees.
he attempts to help him stand.
the couple sways happily in unison as their friends and loved ones celebrate around them.
someone stares at him with a knitted brow.
the crane lifts the crate,
someone smells it.
now, a radiant beam of energy hits an old tractor.
someone's men near their car, the lean man toting a gun.
now at dinner, a waiter serves her and james champagne.
someone occupies one throne while king someone stands in front of his and reads the charter.
his shirt half untucked and his collar sticking up, he staggers out and drains the glass.
a wider view shows warm sunlight glinting through spanish moss on a tree, as the couple embraces in front of the stables.
as someone clings to one set of lines, the cook unfastens another.
someone takes it out.
leaving, he steps over the body and ambles around a corner of the dock.
he crawls away fearfully.
daytime, someone's, and someone and someones suvs sit parked in front of someone's house.
now a car pulls up in front of someone.
someone smokes a cigar.
coming out from around a bulging rock, he sees someone's body wedged against the ceiling up ahead.
the butcher picks up a boy.
another casualty pads along the shore,
he presses his hand to his head.
they watch the guests convene outside.
someone grins and someone does too.
at the wall street bull sculpture, someone thoughtfully takes in his surrounding
beloved wife and mother.
he adjusts the utility box.
they smile happily and she studies him as they drive.
the babysitter sits on a remote control and the channel changes to a show featuring a sea lion.
she bursts into tears and leans against his shoulder.
their teacher clutches a red flag in a raised hand.
as she turns around, they sheepishly stop.
someone grabs a hat and coat from a nearby rack.
someone lowers his shy gaze.
holding the basketball net around the urn, someone removes its lid.
a sedan passes them and she climbs off the bike.
now, at the hedestad station, a thermometer nears negative 20 degrees celsius.
in her bed, someone lies with her back to someone as their hips ungulate.
another punch sends thick streams of his blood flying.
stand side by side.
someone smiles enviously as the veteran starts a 30-foot drop.
the pick-up swerves onto the one-way street and jams itself alongside the delta, mangling the convertible's headlight and someone.
it shows the group and the young women.
someone sits at the controls.
from above, we drift down toward the boy as a wind blows a drift of sand over the ground.
now someone leaves the cottage holding up his cell phone for a signal as he dials a call.
she faces her lunch.
later, someone leaves the school with a tall stack of assignments.
agent someone sits down at his desk and plays the prison security footage.
someone parallels someone's strides.
someone takes aim.
cupping her face in his hands, he wipes away her tears with his thumb.
a hot blonde drinks liquor out of someone's navel while someone cheers.
he clicks a remote, popping his trunk.
the prisoners continue through two lines of darkly clad armed guards.
they move another sack.
someone pulls a comedy sad face and types
someone glances at someone who gapes at her.
he sighs heavily and his expression grows resolute.
they both share a smile before driving off.
someone lays her hands over her heart, then faces a full-length mirror and takes in her own striking reflection.
as they separate, someone grins.
meanwhile, someone reads her file.
his father watches him.
he stares longingly after his wife, then frowns and shifts his gaze.
the noblewoman's eyes glisten but she gives an accepting nod and bows her head.
his mouth opened as he sleeps.
he looks at someone, who shifts into mystique.
someone tries a dollop.
he munches corn chips.
he holds his hand before it to verify.
someone bashes an opponent to the ground and stares disbelievingly.
someone cautiously enters in front of his dad, aiming a flashlight-mounted rifle around the decaying room.
her tasseled scarf billowing behind her.
the other bridesmaids quickly join in, making it a group hug as the sisters' father snaps a photo.
someone punches someone and grabs the gun.
a brief wistful smile flits across someone's features.
chewing gum, someone twitches.
now he hikes wearily across a healthy lawn bordered by a stone wall.
with her back to the crowd, someone gyrates her rear.
a tall brick building stands beneath hazy skies.
day 450 becomes days 456 to 476.
as arriving lawmen lead someone inside, cameras flash.
as they separate, someone glances over and receives a slight nod from his dad.
someone shows another page to her webcam.
still holding his trays, someone runs after him.
someone eyes them, brushing his teeth.
he watches confusedly as she hangs their selections on a hook.
a single bubble floats to the surface, reflecting the image of the falcon landing on someone's arm.
he's drinking whisky.
he spots a helicopter rising in his direction and takes aim with the bolt.
from inside the po box, we see someone take out her mail.
his mother stops reading along.
a board breaks, and he lands on a crossbeam, crotch first.
someone plucks out the pen.
someone adjusts the stove, and joins him.
someone punches someone face.
their officiating friend spots two guards.
we drift closer to her and find her lips slightly pursed as she reads.
riding in the bed of a transport truck, someone reads "what's the story?
at someone's house, the officer leads someone upstairs.
he retakes his seat at the untouched
someone and holloway go to either side of the holographic speaker.
someone gazes downward.
moonlight gleaming on his conical helm.
someone falls back and the vampire starts to pull him out.
someone lies in bed with a camera as someone pulls a black stocking over her knee.
with a caring gaze, he gingerly adjust the petals.
beneath their clear helmets, skullcaps bear their names.
he gives her an envelope.
they sit inside the local bar where they first went for a drink.
she reluctantly purses her lips and blows on the dice.
in the observation room, someone and someone look up sharply.
hanging from a tree, someone
the boy steps back nervously.
he throws the cornbread in the air
someone lies back as a blanket covering her midriff rides.
nearby, a brunette woman rolls her eyes.
now someone and someone attend an elegant lawn party.
someone looks on, wearing clothes but in her natural form.
someone bites into a lollipop.
lord someone listens.
the boy peers down at him.
a woman's image appears then vanishes.
in a pew, the manager sits with a stubble-faced man.
blond taps a buddy on the arm.
the two kids sit staring at someone through narrowed eyes.
he opens the door to reveal rows of miniature bottles of alcohol on the shelves.
the detective takes a breath and nods.
the young mutant carries his friend over the water.
he heads up a staircase, stopping after only a few steps to peek at an upper floor.
hundreds of acupuncture needles rise.
as a businessman escorts her through a building
someone stares, her features frozen in a thoughtful gape.
someone collapses to his knees, then falls face down on the floor.
later seen from behind.
he gives someone a cool smile.
he grabs his gun.
someone drives west toward the setting sun.
reaching for the projector, someone lets his hand fall.
the boy smacks the barrage aside, ducks another, catches two, and kicks a third.
someone bangs his head on the seat in front of him.
leading the team out, someone supports holloway.
a group of nigerians, two of them sit on a couch.
suddenly, someone emerges, still surfing, from the cloud of spray.
he stands up, his eyes locking on the escaping woman before him.
someone leads him away.
someone kicks a figurine.
she takes out a manicure case and removes a pair of nail scissors.
she averts her outraged gaze.
before him, the lifeless child wears a dark suit.
he stops at the door, then returns to someone.
smiling, someone closes her eyes as someone applies more makeup.
the automaton's head moves up and down and side to side as it writes.
he throws up his arms.
the boy rhythmically bobs his knees and wags his head.
she jumps in the air.
in a recess at the lab, someone sits facing someone.
he pulls out someone, bound to a stretcher.
someone keeps his hands off and looks helplessly to someone.
coming forward, she obliges warmly.
someone's eyes fill with tears.
someone sits up in bed.
someone gives her a squeeze.
back in the allied headquarters, people pack up supplies.
now at school he writes an essay for his english final.
the penguin slides away on its belly.
now, someone and someone sit side by side munching corn on the cob.
under the doctors compassionate smile,
someone uses a drill gun to screw the zip ties around his ankles to the floor.
now green and done up in topiary hearts.
he puts her arms around them.
he faces the man next to the traveler and skips up to him.
he glances uneasily at someone who waits with his hands on his hips.
someone escorts a petite redhead down the building's front steps toward his brother and the limo.
as he stops just inside, someone stands up behind the reception desk.
he winks at the cat as he passes over its head.
now a security guard leads her and her escort down a corridor.
someone's mom glares over her wine glass, taking a long sip.
someone sits up and sees them getting into the mustang.
the transport pulls out alongside two atvs.
someone rushes into the office and holds his gun.
as someone slows down, he turns to see the veterans sitting on their boards smiling.
sister emerges from inside and approaches someone in a white baby doll nightie.
he roots through a bag.
as he trots upstairs, someone comes in with a bag of groceries.
staring off, she shifts her attention to the traffic ahead and pulls her car forward.
she waves at the vehicle which speeds right past.
someone turns, and someone smiles.
then flips it over to find his drawing.
at the cottage someone drops her helmet and bag then looks around for someone.
in the restaurant, pepper watches the cars race on tv.
he faces her with an eager smile, then dumps his stuff as she serves up his breakfast.
at the lead, someone spies the rider in his side mirror and snarls resentfully.
she smiles and waves while she sings.
now they drive on a rain slicked country road in a maybach.
the cops stare.
the chase continues on a narrow street between two rows of cars parked on an angle.
someone clutches someone's collar.
they breathlessly take their seats.
now at the airport, she approaches a driver holding a name card.
the wounded vampire rises, but someone shoots him through the forehead.
he reopens the doors, wearing bright red pajamas.
in the courtyard, a guard puffs on a cigarette then heads inside.
cocaine powder covers someone's face from the nose up.
back at the hotel, she shaves her legs in the bath tub.
smiling, he turns back to the club.
at a party, an award bearing someone's name sits on a table.
they enter a house through its open door.
someone hurries out.
by a shack, a rifle-wielding alien wears a helmet with someone.
now, a door closes someone into a room.
you can't come in.
someone notices her whispering colleagues.
someone puts a cigarette in his mouth and lights it.
someone drains a glass of brandy.
she keeps her eyes on the phone.
master someone watches with a heartsick gape.
he shows the utensil.
someone watches him with wide eyes.
at home, someone watches scarface on his computer.
he presses the board together and the clear glue bubbles up from the mended seam.
putting on a brown leather jacket, someone carries his bag and shield to a parked jeep.
someone regards his cousin with a flinty stare.
the guys head out of the gym.
his sits exhaustedly at the table, and someone extends his hand.
with them, a military aide carries a briefcase, its handle tethered to his wrist.
a distinguished man in a suit trails her dutifully.
someone aims his shotgun at the kid.
selecting the file for lena anderson, he flips through its pages and finds a portrait of the girl in a shirt bearing her school crest.
someone takes his cellphone from his pocket.
she looks up at the american and shuffles her feet.
someone waves brooke up and takes her place, putting on the headset.
the boat resembles a white speck on a vast black surface.
at graduation, someone's expression grows pensive.
as it releases a stream of white droppings, someone lets go of the landing.
the brothers trade a look.
turning slightly he gives someone a nod, then faces the city again.
as he waves one hand, the eight of diamonds rises from the middle of the deck.
someone takes a leafy sprig from a plastic baggie and rubs the plant over the surface of a large red apple.
he looks around.
stifling a grin, someone exchanges a glance with someone.
by tiny alligator clips holds a gelatinous puddle.
someone forces a hungry smile.
he glances over his shoulder and blows out an impatient breath.
blond peruses his friend's surfing related sketches
he just stares at it.
someone counts coins.
one shows gong gong peeking through a beaded curtain, and another shows zhang smiling as gong gong harvests a piece of fruit from a tree.
he bobs his head to the music.
someone smiles briefly and cocks his head.
her mother disapprovingly adjusts her bangs.
his gaze lands on a nearby statue which depicts a shirtless warrior aiming a spear.
in the present, someone lies draped over someone's hospital bed,
as he continues reading, someone stares at him intensely.
officers shoot them down.
someone, his cap and jacket soaked
later, the chief faces a laptop and types, someone dayne wall street journal wmd into a google search field.
watching a movie, he lights a hand-rolled cigarette.
he turns off the tv.
as they move closer someone turns and finds himself face-to-face with sheriff pruit who hangs upside down.
someone bars an arm across someone's chest as though protecting him from hitting the brakes hard.
weakly rolls his head to face her.
she tears off the wrapping paper to find a thin box.
in the courtroom, the prisoners stand attentively in their holding cells.
he checks his wrist watch.
someone pushes out a breath and shifts her attention to her mother.
someone tries to get someone's attention, but she waves him off.
someone faces his acolytes then raises both arms, gesturing for them to rise from their seats.
someone's gaze falls on a rifle bag standing propped up near someone's jacket.
riding in the back seat, someone looks at someone who sits beside him.
smashing through boulders of rock and ice in its path, twirling his hammer so fast that it blurs, someone flings chunks of the ground like projectiles.
in the rain, the teacher demonstrates a squatting leg sweep.
at the fbi, agent someone shoots his partner a frustrated look.
bright light engulfs someone, knocking someone backward.
how dare you talk to my wife like that.
we see a backyard.
digging through his pockets, someone finds the wedding ring.
later someone poses someone on a movie set.
now balanced on logs, someone spars with an unarmed someone.
the huge splash blocks everything from view except a free flying license plate.
then turns to the lift buttons and push it.
the unemployed boxer makes his way past them, his gaze fixed.
now in his bedroom someone lies on top of someone.
on another day, someone leads a youth group into an airport.
she stops in the doorway and watches as someone tries to paint on eyeliner.
now, someone lifts the camera as they cruise past a tudor-style house.
he and someone make their way across the engine.
someone dives under some nearby cafe tables as the inspector turns and approaches frick and the cafe owner.
she sets the cup down then claps her hands and raises her arms above her head.
his leg is trapped beneath it
he jabs someone again, then steps around the sheet and faces him.
someone's ex-wife opens the door.
she hops onto a flat section next to someone and they walk to the edge overlooking a pool.
someone, the ceo, indicates the meeting is over.
someone gasps as he pulls himself up on the hood of her cab.
someone sits and watches someone and someone's heat signatures in the front seat.
as he gazes sadly at the tiger,
someone's mask flips down.
someone remembers someone's phone call.
standing at a car's open door, she turns as he passes and stares after him.
they reach a second office where another robber stands by just out
she swallows the computer chip.
he steps out to face grumpy.
someone drives, sitting next to the younger escapee.
someone releases him, then turns to someone.
holding the phone with his shoulder, he grabs some drinks.
exploring the room, someone and someone find an old tv set and knock on its bulky casing.
someone leads his daughter back.
she finds one unlocked and opens it.
box and it splatters against the door.
as they spring up and break into another set of moves, the dozens of young people join them.
from the security camera's point of view, someone's wig hides her face.
later, as someone lies asleep in bed, someone lies beside him.
someone strolls off.
someone digs out his cell and holds it up.
loaded with straw.
someone wakes and sits up.
now he races back to the meat seller's stall and steals an ax off a table.
she lifts her face from the sticky muck.
he heads away, leaving someone at the bar with a faint smile on her lips and a faraway look.
we zoom to the mariana trench.
in a new apartment, someone ladles her parents soup.
she gets up
she finds someone sleeping in the bed.
the babysitter stares, then faces him plainly.
now, we soar over an emerald-hued mountain range with conical peaks, drifting over a ridge, we spy a train winding its way alongside a tranquil muddy river.
someone watches jealously as someone allows a faint proud smile.
someone sits across from someone who stares downward.
meanwhile, the silver car pulls up outside hammer industries and parks.
someone's eyes pass over the brochure for a baseball camp
inside someone's sub, someone removes her eyes from the viewfinder and turns to someone.
standing close to someone, someone looks into his eyes, then smiles.
the car passes through a gate set with glowing lamps.
he and someone step on either side of the automaton to get a better view.
someone holds a surfboard.
someone stares off.
someone and his guards get out.
she draws back.
they stare at each other.
as the bartender pours her another shot of whiskey, she downs it in a single gulp.
now, someone skates, then plays music with someone.
she extends her foot and touches someone's side.
someone looks up, shifting his jaw.
tilting her head, she nudges the barrel against his brow.
someone attempts a roundhouse kick, but someone catches his ankle and elbow jabs the side of his knee.
someone gulps down the martini.
he unrolls the blueprint and places it behind himself.
someone holds her tightly.
a few buildings behind them, someone climbs up and resumes his sprint.
someone climbs backward through the narrow vent hole.
his long hair in a ponytail, someone shakes his hand.
fighting tears he holds a towel to his neck and hurries out.
on the floor, he rolls onto his back.
someone watches on a cellphone and a truck almost hits him.
someone finishes taking a shower and towels dry.
going to the kitchen, he finds someone making breakfast.
glancing between them, the attendant whips out the box cutter.
someone picks up a similar weapon and slings it over his shoulder.
someone grimaces as he plays.
touches her face and she opens her
a tall woman in a turban and oversized sunglasses blocks their path.
he beats on the door with his folder.
a heavy man with a goatee walks into the hospital, wearing bermuda shorts and dark glasses, with earphone wires hanging on each side of his head.
he watches the doctors step out.
the fly lands on a yellowed schematic of a sedan, posted on the wall.
now he enters a public restroom and faces an attendant who bows politely.
as someone pulls on her sweater, the other dancers head out of the dressing room.
words appear ten years later, to the day.
he sprinkles it in someone's face.
someone flees off the mat and the official snaps his flag.
someone's boss watches her from across the room.
someone unhappily bites her lip.
they look at each other, and someone worriedly presses her lips together.
she eats two at a time.
he scampers behind a miniature skateboard half pipe.
someone presses his lips together
pause taking in their surroundings.
someone watches them walk past someone, who stands alone, still in her sari.
more daylight washes over a wall decorated with framed photos.
the blonde approaches wearing a white dress and a magnolia in her hair.
meanwhile, someone, someone, and someone watch through binoculars as coils of the barbed-wire fence wrap around soldiers guarding it
someone holds out the phone.
someone punches someone's shoulder twice.
the studio, now empty, someone stands in it with a pile of papers in one hand and two mugs in the other.
she rolls the paper into the device.
turning away, he swims.
he quickly lowers it.
clad in a trim long coat and the famous stovepipe hat, someone marches resolutely towards us.
he goes to another ledge below.
she pauses by a car, checking its doors.
someone wraps his arms around here and grinds her from behind.
as someone hurries onstage with several dancers, someone heads off.
someone slips the concave shield onto his left arm.
in the pharmacy, he picks out a medicine bottle and eats a few pills.
but she pulls away.
someone clutches someone's violin case as she chases him.
command truck, the police listen intently to a radio transmission.
putting the order in, blond notices someone's handiwork.
as someone stares, her mother cocks her head and lifts her brow.
he glances at someone who drops his supply bag and crouches by the equipment as well.
a teacher corrects his form.
someone nods repeatedly, his lips pursed.
looking up, he springs to his feet and points his gun at the red alien, who now stands before him.
with his mouth hanging open, the killer lowers the body onto someone and leans over the trunk.
someone starks smirks as he pilots the plane.
someone returns and offers someone a drink.
someone goes in the front door.
the fighters move to the center of the ring.
they arrive onto a grassy hillside.
someone sits by someone and forcefully holds her close.
she spits.
sitting on a basketball, someone sneaks a look at the girl.
he follows with a hopeful gaze.
leaning him against the door jam, she doffs her coat.
she steps back to reveal an egg.
someone draws a gun.
someone turns slowly and walks away.
she hikes up the skirt.
someone gives him a kiss.
as the guards set their weapons on the floor, someone removes his sunglasses.
following the chain, we find someone plunging into a sea of fire.
someone and someone shoot and destroy more drones.
he holds a town car's door open and she climbs in.
with his jacket's left sleeve on fire, someone stands and pats the flames, extinguishing them.
it makes my balls hurt."
someone jogs upstairs.
he leans forward on one arm.
someone points to large cloud props hanging over an outdoor stage.
someone turns back to her parents.
he falls to the floor.
the hundreds of broken pieces fly back up and reform the door, sealing off the light.
master someone leads his students away and someone faces the crowd.
now she knocks on mr.
brown-haired bodyguard, happy hogan, leads someone outside.
he makes his way down the aisle of packed pews, then steps up in front of the flower-adorned casket.
she opens a compact and dabs makeup on the scars on someone's face.
he goes to stand but stops himself.
he rubs his brow, then pounds his hand on the steering wheel.
she leaves him lying on the bed.
the brunette notices a penned-in wild boar, a local woman sitting on a path, and two young men wearing grass skirts.
someone takes the lead.
partiers dance on the balcony of the massive white house overlooking the pool area.
someone approaches in a towel and spies a photo of her tattooed back.
facing the screens, she relaxes her shoulders.
shirtless, someone lies on a wicker couch and watches as mr.
he tries the heimlich maneuver.
someone's mother glances around, her eyes desperate,
now in front of the school, someone wears a determined glare.
she bites her lip worriedly.
she looks at someone as he stares out the windshield.
the boy goes to his namesake who kisses his cheek.
with a nod, someone turns to head off, then turns back and furrows his brow.
now a classroom door opens.
a mounted camera lowers its view towards someone, who wearily hurries away.
opening the door, she heads into the submarine bridge.
someone high-fives them and goes.
peeking through an opening above, someone notices a change in his partner.
she glances at them and drops it.
spinning around, he takes a seat and opens it.
she takes a few steps toward him and raises her tearful eyes.
he faces a crystal pylon.
as one of the giants picks up the box, someone taps his spear against the floor.
as someone drinks from a glass on the screen, someone leans against the table, holding the model.
the flag juts up from his butt cheeks.
someone turns toward someone, nods, then they both walk out of the room, gazing over their shoulders at someone and someone.
someone slaps off his alarm.
sipping from a porcelain cup,
she slaps his butt.
the white haired banker sits, his gaze thoughtful and troubled.
she touches his back, and he walks off.
but done with stuffed mice.
he strides out of the office and someone punches a code into the keypad.
as she eats an ice cream sundae, someone wipes ice cream from her mouth with a napkin.
baring his fangs, he lunges at someone.
someone jerks his head backward as he reads.
letters written in the grime of a glass pane read:
someone gets him in a chokehold.
later, someone hobbles down a deserted road in his flip-flops, carrying his surfboard under one arm.
two more bring someone to the center and bend him over a rock.
they stand toe to toe.
now, as someone drives amongst speeding emergency vehicles, a police car cuts him off.
someone watches a flying female collect files from office worker fairies.
beckoned by dr.
rubbing the tip of his nose, he shifts his gaze to the dance floor where a brunette in a red dress dances with a man.
he idly bobs his head.
someone whacks him with her paddle.
someone grips off his palm.
listening to the caller, he looks out the windows as he makes his way back to someone's desk.
someone grabs someone and slams his head through a table.
soldiers walk among merchants set up along a dirt road.
below, in the house, someone starts to sign the deed.
someone envisions ghost rider urinating fire from left to right.
someone backs off, dodging, and his opponent lands a hard hit to someone's side.
someone jogs back to the elevators and presses the call button.
he gets to his feet, leaving the former nazi pinned helplessly.
someone stares after him, then follows through the mostly deserted train station.
his thugs pick up the men from the floor and set them back on their knees.
someone runs into someone's office and dumps an armload of dolls onto his desk.
now the young writer reads on his sofa while someone cooks.
he leaves the coffee thermos with the young someone.
he gestures to a few others, who walk in and circle the disc.
he leans over the balcony railing.
someone vigorously nods his head.
he lifts the baby's headphone.
a hydra trooper wearing an armored suit and helmet enters someone' compartment and opens fire with a blaster.
he enters the headmistress' office and shuts the door.
someone regards him with a weary sneer.
a young blonde woman follows harriet upstairs.
onboard, she radios the american ship.
the older man slows wearily as he nears the vehicle which has crashed near a house.
as someone reaches in his coat, stibble bears his fangs.
it breaks too fast.
as someone fends off the attacker, someone lifts his ax, twirls it, releasing a spray of blood, then slashes off the vampire's head.
someone's smile fades and she regards him compassionately.
later, someone packs his station wagon.
someone faces.
as he grimaces, his memories move in reverse.
inside a temporary military hospital, colonel someone stands beside dr.
his gaze steely, someone lowers his gun.
she tenderly faces mrs.
as the dust settles, someone casually strides up to someone.
he clenches someone's photo in his trembling hands.
creeping across the porch, the chef summons a breath and paces.
someone lies flat, buoyed by the water.
he spots one.
the decommissioned boxer meets his gaze.
he takes the monkey's hand.
a broad grin spreads on his lips as he spots someone across the room.
now in a dinner, someone approaches someone in a booth.
as someone stretches the top rope high, he winks.
as ghost rider advances on a line of guards, they fire their assault rifles.
a chick hatches from an egg.
she gets up, goes into the living room, and grabs a tissue.
he steps back, the gem on his cane glowing.
someone beams as her husband races to their children, his face illuminated by his warm toothy grin.
they watch their own clocks, then release each other.
the older someone leans back with his arms folded and gazes off.
someone faces each of his companions.
now, someone looks down at a peahen.
he watches someone show his son the mnu.
as her shots fail to shutter the window, someone strolls back to the nuclear
thousands of meerkats stand up straight with their tawny fur covered chests pumped out.
then grips the wheel and drives off.
now in the cafeteria someone munches on a sandwich.
a black box covers her crotch.
someone kneels before the others as they cradle the alien in their arms.
someone sits down on a box by the flickering campfire.
as someone steps away, someone eyes the luggage.
at the archives, photos of the murder victims now lie on their corresponding locations.
as the hydra spews twinjets of fire at him, he raises the dead woman's sunglasses, exposing her eyes.
someone dances around onstage.
the chief slows then wearily circles to the back of the building and halts.
grabs his leg and slams him through the roof.
she wears a vacant, confused expression as he takes her down a hallway
as he activates its computerized system, someone, someone, and someone join him.
as he strides off, sonia laughs.
he sets the cellphone back on the table.
someone splinter the door.
someone looks up at the hovering wreath
a green gemstone studs its back.
she flies out, smashing through a high window.
someone coldly turns away and someone approaches someone.
someone strides over to her.
someone places his hand on someone's head, and leaves.
a man pulls off a bearded sheik's robes and skin, leaving a skeleton which collapses into a chair.
now on a lakeside dock, someone attaches bamboo poles to someone's wrists by loops at their ends.
spreading their legs, the dancers bend over and whip their hair.
he presses the picture to his chest, and wraps his arms around it, with tears in his eyes.
a light comes on in a house a short distance away.
she caresses their faces.
someone massages his wrists, gazing off.
now someone drives someone in her mother's car.
someone eyes him as he chews.
later, someone paces with hobbled steps and wrings her hands as she waits in a dim hallway.
he watches her cross the living room and approach the urban scene.
someone watches someone leave, then moves to his soundboard.
peeking out from behind a fan, she comically blows feathers and hair out of her face.
cameron checks his cell.
now he follows someone.
now the blonde enters a bustling backstage area.
the two sisters pull the ride's safety harnesses over their shoulders
as the flames die, dozens of hydra soldiers surround someone.
around the corner from an ornamental statue, a balcony looks in on a spacious penthouse.
someone pensively takes out his specialized ax and finds the silver along the blade untarnished.
the military dress uniforms carry a flag draped casket.
the someone grins smugly.
now, leafless trees silhouette the dusky horizon where someone stops and gazes off.
a colorful title card appears on the video.
huddling from the chilly wind.
he trails his arm down someone's body.
she selects manual procedure.
someone gives him a thoughtful look.
they all smile.
raindrops plop into the placid water, dotting it with tiny percolations.
as our view drifts above the surrounding buildings, a passing humvee's headlights sweep over a nearby wall.
an updraft lifts someone's parachute and carries him of his feet.
she opens it to find someone standing outside.
with his head pressed to his mother's bosom.
he feeds him a few more inches.
it crashes in front of them.
they stand staying face to face.
now standing, someone smiles and waves.
at night, someone writes at a desk.
the beached submarine lies nearby.
the boy spreads his arms toward the cash.
now someone and someone enter a security hub where a monitor shows someone in the elevator shooting his victims in the head.
heading for the door, he pauses.
across the room, someone and someone lie in bed, smooching.
she turns down another corridor.
door, then someone does the same.
in the lobby, kent faces someone.
on the landing, he finds the contents of his home office.
he sees something racing along the rooftops.
as someone keeps running, someone looks up at the looming mass, then rolls out of its way.
emily lets the phone fall from her ear.
the kids return their attention to someone, who leans down into the vent and stretches her arms toward the red wire.
later, someone rides the king's white steed.
ray spots someone's car as it rides by.
she leans close.
now, someone crosses a courtyard to a wooden mailbox on a wall.
wide-eyed, someone eagerly comes around to the front of the desk, but someone sits with his back to her.
someone gives a solemn look.
she carries the gun at her side, her finger crooked around the trigger.
he tosses the bag over.
she picks up a bottle of perfume, and gives it a sniff.
someone turns and stares up at the tree's leaves.
with someone in the passenger seat, he reverses on to the street.
munching chocolate covered strawberries someone watches.
our view pulls back from the couple to reveal more of their romantic surroundings.
the compact's mirror reflects sister bruised eye.
someone covers freckles completely with his cardigan and heads along a corridor.
she pricks herself.
the prisoner's chest heaves, streaks of blood staining his cheek.
he places a checkmark on the last line of a list.
later in a hospital hallway, someone watches his father through a window.
someone raises a fork full of pie, pauses, then takes his first bite.
creasing his lips, he lifts his mournful gaze.
it bounced to a branch high over their heads.
our view arcs around someone's gun until the silencer muzzle aims right at us.
in unison, the two opponents press their fists to their open palms and bow deeply from the waist.
someone has passed out.
as the trapped hunter looks on, the vampire opens a gleaming straight razor, turns it over and touches the blade.
above them, the boy paces along a narrow catwalk, running across the tracks as a train leaves the station.
someone and someone walk off together then glance over their shoulders.
someone lifts his head but avoids his son's gaze.
someone jumps back then stoops and picks up the paper.
as it drives away.
husband holds her in a fond gaze.
someone allows a brief smile as she cheerfully trots over and holds out a sandwich.
now in a medical exam room, the gangster with the eye wound pleads with two g-men.
another man holds a lantern.
someone smacks his shoulder.
he flips them off.
someone, someone, and several other students march ahead of them and sit together.
in the mustang, someone grabs someone and kisses him as he drives.
someone holds a basket on her head.
she looks on as he approaches the beauty.
someone kicks someone, who sails backward into a corner post.
officers secure the key maker.
at a salon, someone plops into a cushioned recliner.
the kids approached someone.
someone drops his eyes.
by a fence, raindrops pelt two full water bowls.
meanwhile, in the woods, the masked boys creep towards the village.
now at a dinner table, someone feeds one of her daughters.
now at a tattoo shop an artist with round 2-inch earlobe plugs readies his electric needle.
words appear.
as the sleeper agent sunders pass the sidewalk vendor's hat rack, she steals an ushanka-style fur cap.
someone picks up a prop of the man in the moon and throws it onto the bonfire.
he caresses her hair, then tilts her face up to meet his gaze.
she opens her eyes.
someone gives up hitting him and someone sits up again.
she faces a tiny mutt's cage.
she edges out.
as she kicks, her shoe flies off.
someone leans close to the blond woman, picks up a french fry from her plate, places it halfway into his mouth, then smiles at her.
reaching into his jacket pocket, he feels around, then pauses.
returns from his game of pool and finds someone slow dancing with a blonde secretary in his arms.
they share concerned looks.
someone glances at someone, rolls his eyes, then returns to the car.
he shows her the dice.
he treads down a hall to his father's shadowy study, and lingers in the doorway.
someone ignores him and keeps walking.
as someone leans against the table, the woman holds up her newspaper, 400 prisoners liberated.
later someone draws on a chalk board as someone watches.
he swings the board like a lasso and tosses it at the open porthole above him, but misses.
the vehicle breaks the gate and speeds off.
children play in the tree-filled park across the street.
she leans on the steering wheel, and lowers the phone to the passenger seat.
someone offers a small wave and he shuts the door.
someone reaches a locked chain linked fence.
someone looks up and finds a glowing sphere hovering directly above him.
the tank's cap flies off and its contents gush out in a swirling arc.
everyone stands and stares into the sky as the cubes come together forming parts of the creature's ship.
playing foosball, the others watch the pair clear out their desks.
someone crosses a carpet to a residential building's posh entry.
her legs crossed, she idly bounces her foot, and stares off.
someone floats horizontally above the stage with her elbow resting atop a thin pole.
four men pull him off the stage.
someone studies someone's face then hugs him.
someone reaches in the backseat.
he gives a pleading look.
a moment later, the goateed man steps in behind him.
on an obstacle course, someone finishes a tire run then roots for someone.
steam wafts from the engine as he clears the vehicle.
at the wheel, someone looks up at a posted video camera trained on the road.
he kneels at the door.
the official waves the score flag and someone's name appears on the leader board.
someone takes his earpiece out and doffs his ball cap.
they all stare at him.
now a neon sign above a restaurant entrance reads, healthy tiger.
someone's face seizes tearfully
someone smiles warmly as she holds his gaze.
four boys throw eggs from the stands.
someone glares tauntingly.
he stumbles slightly as the stands on the bed's plush surface.
someone springs from her chair and he chases her off across the sand.
she drops the cell phone on him and walks out.
someone lulls back in her chair.
exiting a room, a well-dressed man almost collides with him.
reporters and photographers swarm them as they walk upstairs to the open front door.
we will be together again.
then, softly motions his own hands in front of his face in a dance, as the men look on.
he reaches a landing where a giant american flag covers one of the walls.
venom cringes while frankie hits play on a boom box.
someone inserts the reactor into his own chest.
he congests himself as he walks down the hall toward someone and someone.
his kids arrive.
the images dissolves to the cabin of an airplane
someone shifts his sober gaze, nods, then raises a finger.
he moves someone's hand to his head.
he reveals a trapeze structure adorned with lights in the middle of a circus ring.
someone and someone watch from the second floor, as someone steps into the foyer.
he flees.
later, he shows a gallery of images.
someone flails his arms and kicks his legs.
someone stands nervously.
she rears back.
she hangs up and leads him in.
the car backs out of a driveway as someone approaches a house.
now in his old room, someone nervously taps a cordless phone against his palm, then makes a call.
the operator pulls out a photo album.
the rider clasps his own hand and massages his palm.
he walks along the benches lining the boat's perimeter, pausing to paw at the zebra carcass.
he dashes bare ass back into the bathroom.
someone smiles across the table at someone who smiles hard.
someone studies him skeptically then glances away.
someone aims the camera at the crash site and peers through the lens as a helicopter hovers overhead.
her fingers reach out, but only push it away.
someone rides off.
the last mugshot of someone himself remains unstamped.
he chucks the can.
clark coldly shuffles his paperwork.
searching another binder
as someone takes a drink, someone touches the wig's blonde curls.
he catches mr.
someone disarms him, but three more surround him.
later in a wetsuit, he creeps onboard.
someone slides the carriage and starts a new line.
he looks at someone.
under her new guardian's menacing gaze she works her lips, struggling to remain composed.
he shifts his cagey eyes and nods resolutely.
the raised partition blocks them.
someone dials a payphone.
someone swings from a window and lands on the jeep, then punches out someone and allen.
our view sweeps up a nearly completed high-rise behind her that advertises, luxury condos for sale.
the square roofed automobiles that pass have chromy grills and bug eyed headlights.
angel stares sadly at her friend as someone and his team join hands, then disappear with someone.
slowly closing her eyes, the scared teen presses her lips tight.
he climbs onto the boat and secures a rope around his torso.
someone turns his back to her.
someone gestures her inside and someone precedes him.
reaching another door, they find a lavender heart-shaped sign that reads, bliss in rosy cursive letters.
the overhead light turns on, bathing the audience members' faces
someone faces someone, who reclines on a lounge chair.
she stays put.
in his room, he poses at a mirror, and falls over.
the next morning, the stuffed alligator sits on a table in front of a tray holding glasses of orange juice,
he points at the deejay, who points back.
someone observes an instruction card, before you drive fasten seatbelt, check mirrors, hands on ten and two.
a young man picks up young someone and carries him off.
the security footage shows the clerk hopping over his counter with a shotgun.
as he moves behind the lectern the dean smiles excitedly.
sitting side-by-side on a boulder, they hug.
it curls into a barrel as it breaks and sends up massive blasts of foam and spray.
as his sister limps down the hall, someone looks at someone, who slumbers on.
as someone leans in, someone turns away.
she glances up from her green tinted night vision scope then spots four men in a brawl.
they find sweat stains on the bed.
in an arcade, someone leads someone to a digital dance game, faces its touch screen, and makes a selection from a list.
his vision wavers as he sticks one foot over the edge.
it backs up quickly and lurches to a halt.
matveyev pauses, casting about his weary gaze.
from the needle's observation deck, onlookers record the events on their cellphones.
leaving someone, someone follows him across the dance floor.
now in the pool, she plays manically with someone and someone.
she tightens her lips.
someone cups the phone and returns it to his ear.
and walks into the crowded house.
someone slowly backs up behind the kiosk as he watches them leave.
he shakes his head, then lifts it out of the water.
they sit, talking over coffee, with the evening sunlight filtering through the window.
weakly clutching his bruised side, he crosses to a desk where he finds his journal.
someone strolls into view and takes a seat.
leaves with his middle finger raised.
someone gets out of his car, faces the plundered vault, and addresses the staring crowd.
he walks away pocketing the cartier box.
someone snaps out of his trance and joins someone, who fires again at the humans.
with an icy stare, she leans in close.
the elephant curls its trunk, then extends it.
later, a security guard rides a cart.
the young woman tears a page from his sketch book and hands it to him.
he shuts the fridge and shares a look with the hungry cat.
now someone's apartment door opens and she steps out carrying a white garment bag.
the thug gives up and moves on.
as his father approaches, someone hoists his backpack onto his shoulder.
on the assistant's desk he spots a card with "i love us".
lingering near the entrance, he flips through a catalog.
spikes with spiraled ends impale her earlobes.
finding the card, she steps back inside.
someone  blinks at him and cocks her head.
they flashback to the office.
later she returns with someone to her apartment.
a photo shows a woman near someone snapping a picture.
street, someone passes two children collecting water from a hydrant.
he climbs up to the keyhole, glances around, then picks the lock.
and he turns his head toward the keypad.
up ahead, someone bounds off the back of two horses and mounts a third.
the puck flies into the net.
by the side of the boat, a few raindrops land in the water causing tiny, circular ripples.
as someone lies on his back, someone plants a row of kisses down his abdomen.
she lies backward and stares at the ceiling.
on the platform, someone saunters to his starting position.
someone gets out, wearing sunglasses.
stepping away, someone reaches into his supply pack and pulls out a knife with a six inch blade.
someone covers his sketch with homework as someone enters.
the heckler sits in a booth with his arm around a sexy woman.
as someone extends one gloved hand, other performers stack their hands atop hers.
he smiles warmly, and someone reciprocates.
with a serene look, she turns away and sips from a glass of dessert wine.
someone hugs his parents.
he shows a badge on his belt.
someone reaches under the wreckage.
someone gives a proud nod, his eyes glistening.
he leaves.
someone sits back with a smile.
as the current carries the plastic cap away, someone's eyes widen.
as the timekeeper raises a mallet, sporty looks toward someone's corner.
someone extinguishes his bowl of flames and pulls the heated cups from someone's side.
he continues to sketch as she sits beside him at a picnic table.
the gps graphic disappears from someone's screen.
now inside, someone plays poker with someone.
old factory equipment fills the warehouse.
as the pair steps outside, adon struggles to close his lips around his straw.
as he leaves, someone smiles at someone.
she hangs up and strides out of the lady's room.
grabbing someone's shirt, he helps him out of the water.
frowning, someone sticks his head outside and glances up and down the platform.
someone limps on a crowded walkway.
halfway over the fence, her dress gets caught.
he shifts his gaze to someone and offers a firm nod.
he covers his face with his hands.
a flock of seagulls fly along with them.
smiling, someone shakes his head.
someone sees a robotic furry kitty head on the coach's shoulders.
he jogs off.
another swarm of black particles escapes his shell and swirls through the water.
now, in a club, two women in old-fashioned costumes perform a traditional dance with fans in front of a dj.
now, someone answers the door for her and someone.
later, someone faces someone.
he takes a sip from his beer and looks up.
someone throws another into a shelf of glasses.
someone twirls her.
the keeper comes out and takes his coat.
someone sidesteps and breaks the chair over his back.
he falls to the escalator's gliding steps.
moving through the foyer, he switches off the table lamp.
now they run over to a red pick up.
he leaps from his motorcycle onto to the driver's side of the cab and shrieks in his face.
she laughs to the kids.
men and women in elegant attire carry wrapped presents as they cross from under an awning to a rolls royce.
as a woman and a child run across the street an explosion rips through a nearby building.
now, in a modest bedroom, someone lies on a sleeping platform with her hands folded on her chest.
finding the spot beside her vacant, she sits up.
as he turns on his side, his left hand lands in the toilet.
someone yanks the door shut behind them.
someone writes, someone strips and sings.
wearing one guard's hooded poncho, someone dashes behind a large generator as an agent stumbles upon one unconscious guard.
he peeks around a corner then crouches with his partner.
gazing tenderly at it, someone gently straightens the chain.
he removes the weapon.
someone picks up a white potato-like ball of putty from the tray and turns it over.
as he draws a sawed off shotgun from his holster,
in slow motion he stands and makes his way to the stage.
she leans her head on her hands.
gathering up her bags, she pauses and turns.
his eyes close briefly, then meet someone's.
now we descend to the lit-up sign for the burlesque lounge.
it stumbles back, then does it two more times.
someone thrusts his open hand and the missiles head for the ships.
someone eyes the real estate agent thoughtfully, then shrugs his lips in an accepting look.
the unwashed boy examines the contents of the bag then peers into an empty glass bottle.
someone blows air into someone's mouth.
he holds up a bunch of carrots.
someone follow, shining her flashlight over the rock walls.
as someone strides out of the room, someone stands motionless at his box of belongings.
he stares at the dark, deathly face framed by matted hair.
someone slides his wrist under a scanner, his eyes fixed on someone.
someone faces a messenger.
someone sucks through a plastic hose, then blows a puff of smoke.
someone presses a button on a nearby control panel.
he peers at the scrolls.
someone reads handwritten notes in someone's white leather bible.
a hologram shows the tunnel system without the surrounding terrain.
someone throws a frisbee to someone and runs at her.
he answers his phone.
she presses her lips together.
now, someone enters a basement area with rough stonewalls.
now someone leads him through a door.
meanwhile, someone opens the toyshop.
elsewhere, someone and someone sit on a patio overlooking the ocean.
putting a foot on the ladder, someone descends into the underground chamber.
she pulls some bills from a bundle of cash.
he refills her glass.
they pump their chests.
he sits up straight and someone nods.
spies the pursuing suv then runs off between two lanes of unmoving cars.
he unveils a marble slab etched with franklin, popper, reader and yates.
someone pours herself another glass.
several other vehicles speed past them.
he gives a boyish half-smile.
now someone reads through the book and follows its advice.
his partner attacks once more but someone kicks him unconscious and runs off with his gun.
as someone leaves, someone smiles at someone.
sitting at the island, someone beams at her.
as a yellow shape floats overhead, a hand reaches down and pulls him up by the scruff of his collar.
leaning on someone, someone staggers drunkenly into a backroom where men play cards.
someone hurries to his desk and uses a magnifying glass to study the snapshots.
someone hits someone in the chest and head with the post, which someone then grabs.
she shrugs.
a shark passes beneath him.
now, someone creeps beside the car, his eyes moving from window to window, watching someone and the boys pass.
they rock back and forth lingering in the embrace.
he faces someone shirley, martial arts master - a stocky man with a mullet.
later, someone wears the stolen clothes with a blanket over them like a hooded cloak.
someone storms back to her apartment
the hunter kicks him away and twirls it into an upward swing taking out one vamp after another.
someone watches her go.
at the entrance, a long line appears.
little someone aims her shotgun at him.
someone grabs the mic.
written on one fan's palms, love you.
someone stumbles as he makes his way over the uneven ground.
someone steps into view, her head jutting forward and her arms at her sides.
the elevator opens revealing a single-person aircraft.
watching them, someone knocks on the window.
the planes turns upside down.
the writer slides the carriage to the return position and writes another line.
one of its blunted ends crash lands before the two survivors.
he notices them, smiles, and raises a can in a toast.
our view roves toward the shipping warehouse across the dock.
someone leads a group of ladies in bra tops and grass skirts.
the helmet shields his face, then more armor shields his body.
gunnar raises his mug.
golden sunlight bathes the pair as we orbit them.
regarding her with a sad worried gaze.
he waves at the table.
holding the men at gunpoint, the sisters leave.
reading it on his bobbing raft, someone looks over his shoulder.
someone gins as he crosses his path with a pitcher of water.
sister looks from someone to someone.
kneeling, someone fires a rocket
someone emerges from a door right beside him.
a teal light glows beneath, surrounding the entire island.
red someone again kicks out the burning gun powder.
later, strolling the beach, someone shows someone a photo of someone speer from a real estate ad.
the captain observes his men.
now in a boy's room, we view a vast collection of trophies.
someone rises from the piano.
an older gentleman takes it.
who stands silhouetted in front of large windows.
without looking at him she offers her lit smoke.
wearing a mournful expression, she trudges down a hallway and into a lift.
someone puts on the necklace then lies motionless.
she dives on top of him, and kisses him repeatedly.
king someone arrives.
a woman with tussled hair taps on the window.
later, he stands with someone
the large eye patch gone, and now stitches remain above his eye.
she finds a step ladder with three paint cans at its base.
outside, the helicopter slowly lowers the tank into position on the ground.
the blast erupts outside, dust.
the truck spins to a stop.
someone encounters a guard, sucker punches him, and bangs his head against the counter.
they gaze at each other.
he looks away bewildered.
beside them, a guard seated at a desk watches a basketball game on tv.
now, someone opens his apartment door to find someone in the hallway with her head bowed.
upstairs, someone cuts tape binding someone's wrists.
he reaches into a pants pocket and withdraws an apple.
comrades, thank you for your service.
someone brings wood.
now the woman follows the visitors out to her porch.
someone listens, seated at someone's bedside.
stepping away, someone crosses to a sunlit window.
someone and someone walk past the dead man to someone, who's mouth is covered in blood.
someone draws a card.
she looks at graphs.
the disturbed man gently combs her hair in front of her face.
it replays his masterful kick in slow motion.
as someone exits the building, the white jeep
she glances around, then kicks the chain link finding a section disconnected from
as she peers over his shoulder looking for someone, a second guard approaches.
a dark-haired bully holds someone in a headlock.
the alien nervously looks around, the tendrils on his mouth swinging back and forth.
someone glances at the old woman, who swallows hard.
someone and his men hustle to new positions.
meanwhile in his office, someone lies on the couch reading.
one of them lassoes him with a rope, pulls him over, he drags him along the ground.
meanwhile, his mother hurries toward a man entering a building.
the station inspector steps up to him.
someone beams fondly as he watches.
pulling away from pepper, someone yanks off his sparking helmet and throws it down.
she emerges right in front of him.
he sets her down.
as his cousins debate, someone sits at the head of the conference table, his chin perched thoughtfully on his hand.
everyone suddenly acts casual as someone presents a giant cake, ringed with candles.
someone looks pointedly after someone walking to his car.
someone twirls his ax.
he comes to their table.
he takes out his survival journal and a pencil.
he turns.
a woman sits on a crescent moon.
holding his rifle, someone makes his way to the front of the cabin.
tuning an electric guitar, a red-haired woman, turns to the dark-haired bassist.
the motorcyclist closes in.
someone's mother looks at the other passengers who either avoid her gaze or turn away with disengaged expressions.
later, they approach the clinic together.
as the heavyset thug looks on, someone punches his mustached attacker in the gut.
hovering in the air, someone swings his legs around and kicks someone in the head.
the tattoo faced monk spots someone leaping from his victim.
someone emerges.
mouth, and a grizzly bear.
the atv travels away from the structure along the desert valley.
she slams it shut.
furrowing his brow, he slides the envelope out and stares at the handwritten name on its front.
a distant mountain range spans the horizon.
as one boy attacks, the other blocks him, then grabs his arm, and flips him to the floor.
he puts his hands in his pockets, and greets her with a faint smile.
she treads back to the door, her eyes locked on someone's.
she screams underwater.
he looks at someone and nods.
now a reality show plays on a flat screen tv.
someone notices him and straightens demurely.
a caption reads
as someone faces him, he points at his own eyes then at the restriction.
of energy streak off a dish atop a high rise as the car comes to a stop below portal.
she gawks and someone points excitedly.
now, clouds of black darken the sky above.
she crosses to a window and looks outside.
the bereaved little girl watches the woman leave with dr.
as he aims it at them, ghost rider's chain wraps around his ankle.
someone eyes the unrelenting rainfall outside.
someone remains at the dressing table.
it carries them
his hopeful expression fades as she saunters off.
someone takes out her phone and puts on her glasses.
as they arrive in a shadowy market with closed doors, someone brings someone to a bench.
he moves to her spot on the court.
with his head bowed, he holds the bottle out to someone who takes it and drinks.
someone brings his dad some someone oil.
in his room, he slaps down the letter, dons an overcoat and gets his ax.
our view of the soldiers tilts upside down, then drifts to the ground.
he takes a piece and stands with his legs apart.
the man has a thick scraggy gray beard.
someone grabs the shield and hurls it into the trooper.
he tilts his head at someone.
returning her attention to the test, she chews on the pen.
someone finds someone's wife and kids in the kitchen.
the aide shoots the engineer, and he drops the head.
they're driving a tiny red car.
facing them, ms. tubman stays someone who draws up her cloaks hood.
the zombies chase after him but quickly fall far behind.
getting a snack, someone freezes.
as the sedan glides on, he gives a worried look.
he gives the redheaded female mouse a model fire extinguisher.
someone claps a hand on his shoulder.
she gives him an exasperated look.
facing someone, he rubs his chin and nose.
studying his new foot, the young man smiles, teary-eyed.
he gives them a shy wave.
someone sits in an armchair beside it.
she drags on a cigarette.
now, someone walks through the park carrying a brown paper lunch bag.
a single car's headlights cut through the darkness.
he hops in place, turning away from them.
someone points fearfully at a statue.
someone opens the limo door.
he takes a shot.
as someone replays it, someone covers his eyes.
the steam dissipates to reveal someone clutching the ax handle.
he fills his small tank.
facing someone, she sticks out her tongue.
later, someone and someone lie on the floor beside her bed, surrounded by rose petals.
as his fellow soldiers run outside, someone flies out of the exploding building on a motorcycle.
now, someone and someone cross a train station.
someone looks around the immaculate living room.
at an outdoor retreat people exercise in flower gardens or walk along tree-lined paths.
he shoots his lackey a stunned look.
in a corridor, someone sits beside someone.
someone swoops up the bottle.
glasses.
now a sunbeam shines on someone's face as she sleeps.
eyeing them, someone limbers up his strained wrist.
the boy struggles but they toss him into the wagon with a group of other orphans.
later, he stands on a building's corrugated metal roof.
she steps before him and he slows to a stop.
her smile vanishes as she holds it up.
the teacher pushes someone down into a deep knee bend.
she regards him.
someone and someone pull an iv bottle of pink fluid from their medical bag.
inside, someone turns off his bedside light and curls up under his black and white comforter set.
they wave at someone, who sits with someone and her parents.
blinking, he turns away from her.
inside, someone kicks the grate off his cell and finds someone hunched next to his.
someone resignedly approaches someone.
she removes some wires from it.
someone enters, carrying a large wicker basket.
someone raises her eyebrows.
with his sleeve, then glances off pensively.
still chewing, someone stands on the other side of the pillar.
now, someone drives his car.
a man snaps photos of someone and pepper.
as someone cherishes the leaps of faith medal, someone admires yet another.
someone takes in the setup.
he finds a flowery invitation inside.
the storm quickly picks up, turning the dirt into mud.
someone displays his unharmed hand.
she stops at an eye-catching archway.
someone covers his eyes with her hands, then removes them.
he steps up beside someone and faces him expectantly.
with a someone, he peeks around the corner into the hallway and sees the tabby closing in.
peering at him through dark sunglasses, someone coolly strolls up to the military commander.
he weaves the limo between the cruisers and crashes straight through the border's security booth.
the mother of cousin yan gestures to a row of chairs and the newcomers sit.
now, inside the vault, we circle someone as he faces the shelves of money.
her daughters wait anxiously.
someone sticks his foot under the gate.
standing at a window.
behind them, in the distance, is a mountain range.
they shut the car doors.
now in bed, he wakes up.
as someone falls, one of the other boys attacks.
as someone scrubs his sleeve, he glimpses a reflection of her bare back in the bathroom mirror.
drawing back, we find someone lying on the twisted end of the track.
it lashes around the undercarriage's central rod.
she kisses her mom.
from a window, she overlooks the countryside.
someone grins at someone then stands.
someone brings over a flask of whiskey.
his jacket hangs tied around his waist.
he circles around the front of the car, watching someone through the cracked windshield.
meanwhile, the swat team accompanying someone reaches her apartment door.
someone enters a control room.
assistants hold towels up around.
hair dye plasters his roots.
someone emerges from its roaring mouth.
another baby emerges from its egg.
his hat sits sideways.
now, in another neighborhood a portly man exits the front door of a house with an adjoining storefront.
he gently lays his hand on the top of someone's head.
now at the shi shi festival, delicate lanterns shaped like birds and flowers hang from trees above the throngs of guests.
a man and a woman run onstage and carry the podium away.
a tear runs down someone's cheek.
as the officer looks under the car a taxi pulls up.
someone's father purses his lips into a thoughtful frown, and digs in his pocket.
answering the door he finds someone and his bosses.
he faces the street, strikes the match, and lights his cigar.
up ahead, a helmeted man in orange coveralls sprays wreckage with a fire extinguisher.
as someone kisses someone's neck, she lowers her dress and presses her body against his.
someone is gone.
noticing a lipstick smear near the cups rim, someone wipes it away with a gloved finger.
someone buries him amid several other graves.
hangs up and gazes off.
someone finds the smiths on his itunes.
someone gazes tenderly at someone.
they join the champion.
he turns, facing a window.
he leads his partner through the front gate.
he unzips the flap, and peeks inside.
he touches someone's cheek.
crossing the beach, someone, someone, and someone all face the distant fleet.
someone stares blankly at someone.
he cuffs her to the headboard, plops down their bags, and heads out.
rolling up his sleeve, he places his alien arm on the block and raises the ax.
flipping through the binder, someone furrows his brow.
the teen leans an ear close to the hull.
he heads for the kitchen.
now the raft floats on choppy water beside the bow.
someone stands sharply and gasps.
she heads up some stairs.
the student shifts on his feet and looks up at his opponent.
from a long distance, the storm appears as a swiftly moving wall of roiling dirt.
the producer caps her lipstick and picks up her cell phone.
then takes off down a desolate street.
she studies another portrait of the grinning blond, then finds an envelope with more pictures.
someone hangs up and looks at someone sitting up attentively.
someone returns to her shadowy bed and rolls over to face the ceiling.
he answers a phone on the van's dash.
the woman's blue eyes briefly meet his gaze.
breaking his stare, the killer rushes to the trunk.
someone closes her eyes and brushes her cheek against her laotong's smooth skin.
then faces them.
now, shafts of sunlight beam through gaps in the clouds, lighting up patches of the ocean.
twirls his panama hat on her toe.
at the back of the advancing group, someone pauses and turns around.
someone bites into the still fresh snack and chews thoughtfully.
someone dangles over a deep canyon.
someone aims her flashlight at the boxes and singles one out.
as someone enters the field office, doris approaches.
someone gazes upward then slowly steps around the tree.
the warehouse and cross over to the alley.
behind him, someone hefts a bag of weapons onto the hood of the suv.
someone offers some cash.
someone behind her, someone yanks the spoon from her mouth.
another message flashes on someone's computer screen: "air 0305 offline."
the prices change abruptly.
someone leans forward onto her knees and peers at the film.
she makes an origami paper model.
someone finds his son staring at him.
someone kisses her and leaves.
she puts on some lipstick.
someone swallows, staring at the magnificent feat.
he moves in close to her face, seething.
someone jerks his thumb toward the bar.
that night at a hostel someone reads by flashlight.
someone gives him a tender look.
the boy paddles over.
one nods and smiles to someone, who sits apart.
the onlookers disperse as someone, major allen, and a small group of men walk toward the hangar.
someone stares, his brow furrowed.
large air bubbles escape from the teen's mouth.
it lands in the spoon which dips slightly.
someone marches deeper inside and finds the two beds empty.
they drive over a long bridge by the ocean,
someone's chest heaves and she lowers her gaze.
someone takes a strained breath and bows her head.
someone brings her into a bedroom and lays her down.
his hand and a knife flies into it.
someone aims at his legs.
he watches coolly as someone hangs his jacket on the peg, then takes it back off.
she walks astride a row of bushes and approaches a flag pole.
the penguins catch up.
someone stands his class.
he spritzes his mouth with breath freshener as he strides across the street to a stately stone building.
as someone leads the group, a soldier approaches him.
the hostages comply.
his blood stained lips quivering.
someone sleeps curled up by someone, his hand on her breast.
someone covers her face with her hands and glances aside.
at the timekeeper's headquarters, someone joins his men who watch video footage of someone's arrival at the party.
someone stands with someone, who glances up at her as she flies her red kite.
inside, he finds a lone time capsule on a pedestal.
he paces the corner.
someone leaves through his wallet then extracts the scroll.
the officer grabs someone's hand and shines his light on it, finding it dusted with coke.
someone races towards the bomb.
it levitates and blows one girl's skirt up.
now, in someone's basement, the four friends clink bottles of beer over the mysterious orb.
someone takes off his hat as he steps forward with someone.
pulling her fur stole around her, and tossing her cigarette butt.
he exits with a jar marked dad's jam.
aboard one, a mercenary peers at the elaborate technology covering the sunny hall.
they glance worriedly over their shoulders.
someone steps out from a bathroom and shuts off the light.
it suddenly veers through a guardrail.
later he hurries up to the concierge.
now outside, she uses her cell.
someone throws pieces of set onto a bonfire.
as someone nods and complies, someone gives him a slap on the cheek.
grabbing him, he hurls him to the ground, climbs into the cruiser, and speeds off.
he wears a thick vest and gloves.
someone remains still.
an ambulance races across the bridge.
someone throws her bouquet over her head.
the mustached thug eyes them fearfully, then faces the swaying demonic creature.
someone has two minutes to return to the match.
someone gets up and walks down the carriage.
she holds out a cat charm on her necklace.
they rise to their feet and spot the burning bridge up ahead.
someone runs up to him, seizes him by the shoulders and spews a jet of fire at him.
chandeliers crash to the floor.
someone taps someone's head.
he stops at a table of food.
the car glides down its track.
he grabs someone and aims his gun at the thug's neck.
someone mimes a corpse and spreads his arms wide.
beneath the overcast sky, the mourners watch the blaze situated before the ruined stone arch.
he kicks the assassin's
at his home, they share an intimate laugh as they sit on the couch by candlelight.
someone and someone walk over and stand beneath the hanged man.
holding a basketball in one hand, he strides through the ships chambers.
he fires a gun in each hand then scrambles free.
inside the ship sir someone tilts a book in a bookcase, opening a secret compartment in the floor.
the men shine their lights on a desk-sized object covered with snow.
she lowers her solemn eyes.
he faces someone who scowls as someone speaks.
he tears down all the sketches and notes from his bedroom wall.
he falters, half astride the scooter.
someone stares at her as she creeps toward him.
someone looks in on them.
steam surges upward.
now in a club restaurant, someone watches her fondly.
the moon still shines in the sky.
someone graffities his face with marker.
he stares intently.
he finds someone on a love seat where a man with a grey beard awkwardly fails to chat with her.
into the van and flings it aside.
they find a stockpile of guns.
he crouches on all fours.
he talks into his radio.
someone grins at a passing man.
the brawny man stares at the archer tauntingly then, lifts the middle cup.
the stickman eyes someone, who throws the dice.
daytime, brilliant sunlight reflects off the surface of the pool and brightens someone's face as she sleeps on the lounge chair.
the older man flips the tape in his recorder.
someone holds out one of the white cubes which is comprised of smaller cubes, someone takes it.
someone stares open-mouthed as someone peels off his face, actually a mask, and reveals his true face, a ghoulish red skull.
at the end, someone shuts herself into an alcove with someone.
his eyes open and he turns.
the creature lunges toward someone pressing him against the cell door.
the policeman holds out the flask to another policeman.
now on his bed, someone sketches a surfer entering a tube.
now, someone looks at someone, who struts onto a mat.
he finishes a line and slides the carriage.
the guard returns and opens the cell door.
someone opens the curtains.
a black-and-white view through one shows a police officer.
he opens one door for them.
she balls her fists.
someone gives a nod and someone looks away.
someone tries to rouse her friend.
now sitting on her bed at home, someone removes the gray men's suit jacket from the plastic bag.
an infected stripper hunts down some businessmen while tassels flail on her breasts.
someone scans his surroundings, then pulls out his pistol as he continues on.
someone sits motionless at the table.
he kisses the boy's neck.
as someone climbs back onto the helipad, someone stares down at the destruction.
the woman holds up a federal someone's badge.
as someone slowly gets to his hands and knees, bits of glass strewn around him rise off the pavement.
with a bashful smile, someone walks onto the makeshift dance floor of flattened cardboard boxes.
he stares at the boy.
the husband briefly opens his eyes.
the automaton stares at someone.
someone gets behind the wheel and swaps grins with her sister in back.
he picks it up, takes careful aim, and flicks it.
as he covers his face, both sneaky mops imitate him.
he glances at a bar across the street.
as he stows a wine bottle, bitey nips him.
he kisses someone' cheek.
the doorman crouches between them.
he holds it up.
wearing a coat and tails, young someone throws a music clefs.
someone goes off.
someone catches it and smacks the cap off on a chair.
someone carries the box holding watches to someone.
further out, a swelling wave fills our view.
the sanitation man leaves.
turning from the locked shed, he sees someone and his cronies enter the courtyard.
raising his chopsticks, he follows its movements.
she sits in the kitchen counter eating cereal.
on the other side of the screen, reality is the caption as he walks down a corridor.
someone touches a keycard to a panel and the door behind someone opens.
someone turns to the next page
someone stands beside someone.
someone halts, gives a long nod.
he grabs the three-pronged spear by its shaft and examines it.
he pulls the weapon out then ducks past another lapping off his head.
at alice's, several ladies listen to the radio.
he types some more and turns up a map of amazonia.
he smiles at her.
he eats a meal alone, in his room.
the scrawny someone takes a seat beside someone and leans close.
with their arms wrapped around each other, someone gently sets her down.
the levitating rocks and someone plummet downward.
standing beside him, the inspector peers up at the clockwork's giant moving gears.
she rushes over.
someone gives someone a sidelong glance.
she swipes at him with a brush in each hand.
his gaze downcast, he backs away.
eyes closed, someone slowly shakes her head and takes a deep breath.
someone follows, matching his gait.
on the ground below, an armed soldier guarding a stealth bomber stares into the sky.
snowy slips past the last thug and into the hold as he shuts the door.
she slides the side stick forward.
on the desk, the brass bell crumples as if squeezed by an unseen force.
in another car, two more agents see someone in an overcoat and fedora totting a paper bag across a dark alley.
holding her uncle's gaze, someone caresses the lapel of her coat self-soothingly.
she twitches a smile then straightens someone's overcoat.
at school, he waves - clad in a varsity jacket.
he kisses her and she closes her eyes.
sitting beside her, she looks away as he takes a comb off the tray.
someone notices a necklace on the floor and grabs it.
she stops at a shop window displaying a chocolate fountain.
someone someone swipes at it as someone's eyes grow wide.
someone holds one finger over his mouth.
she peels off a price tag, then checks her cell phone.
someone pats the man's arm.
someone looks out a window with a frustrated look.
someone gets on his feet and looks around.
the glass case holding the unicorn shatters in sprays of glass shards.
they shoot, to no avail, even blasting a hole in one's head.
he tosses it aside.
someone unties someone.
several dry erase boards with notes and plans on them stand around him.
someone loads a clip.
she raises her eyebrows slightly.
someone strides closer as they reach the front entrance.
the submarine rises from the deep.
someone stands, then slumps back down.
someone takes a seat and washes her feet, glancing uncomfortably at the archer.
at night at a gas station, someone sits handcuffed to someone's passenger door.
an amber haired woman brings a date book from a desk to a sunken living room.
the men look at each other.
with glaring eyes, someone dives toward someone who tries to aim at him.
he takes the phone.
someone scans the bone yard but sees no sign of someone.
someone walks into the crate, breaking it apart and sending an envelope sliding under a dresser.
in a hospital waiting area, someone meets someone and several members of the someone family.
she looks around.
people run across the tarmac, as rain lashes the airport.
she glances around herself.
smiling someone turns and leaves.
someone walks in holding the strawberries.
someone holds him back.
the writer flips to the last page.
flipping to the next two pages,
the banner completely unfurls revealing a portrait of a blond haired woman.
blinking thoughtfully, someone purses his lips tightly and nods.
a net of chains rattles over someone's head as he returns the gaze with a faint smile.
someone signals, then heads towards the transport.
someone starts toward him, and someone quickly leaves.
he crawls through a gap in a mesh screen then hops through the spokes of a large gear as it spins.
someone and his sister scoot back on their beds.
he grabs his phone from his pocket and turns it off.
walking on a crowded street, someone waves to fans.
holding two cardboard trays filled with tall cups, someone pushes through the coffee shop door.
now beaming dancers in plain clothes leap through the air.
a flatbed tow truck pulls around the wreck.
someone's thoroughly confused.
as they share a series of soft gentle kisses, her hand moves up to his shoulder.
someone removes a name tag from the shirt.
someone watches someone step out onto stage.
the clerk sets the coin on a square napkin.
as he gazes off morosely,
someone bows his head.
he runs after the others.
later in the night, the car's headlights cut through the darkness.
in a flash, his fist breaks the bottle.
blood covers the actor's white blouse.
someone rips off someone's sleeve and makes a tourniquet.
she gets out.
grinning, he waves someone over.
she bundles up the fans and carries them away.
she still beams.
he gives a little hop.
he gives an injured look.
one zip ties someone's wrist before him.
he opens the passenger door for someone
now words appear over a grassy hill with a view of a distant snow-capped mountain.
someone plays guitar and sings.
he grabs someone's arms and smacks his palms.
seemingly built into the rock.
someone offers a small smile and touches someone's bare arm.
open suitcases occupy every inch, filled to the brim with neatly packed clothes.
the russian captain holds.
in the ship, someone approaches a chamber where a pilot seat pops out.
she walks outside.
the boy slows to a halt, his smile fading.
a large pair of forceps rotates into position at the top of the arched scanner.
a brilliant light flashes then shines down on him.
he gives them a wad of money.
the young man lowers his gaze and continues exercising his arms.
she switches on another tv.
in a black corset with red stripes, someone bumps her hip at a gawking basketball player.
he sits across from someone.
the jeep drives by, following a bend in the road.
picking up the roll of bills, she eyes him strangely.
someone takes a few small slow steps.
someone leads them through a doorway, followed by the parade of lingerie-clad women.
he remains, staring after her.
lying back down, he lets his head drop onto the pillow and closes his eyes.
she notices someone as a male guest holds out his coat to her.
sitting at a table in a breakfast nook, he smiles.
a membrane covering a small cup disintegrates.
she perks up.
up and down the street, then jogs across it.
someone pats his arm.
shifting his gaze, someone's eyes linger on its protruding front end.
later, they arrive near a crowd.
they approach the impact crater now lit by floodlights and swarming with shield agents.
as two other ladies make out, someone watches with someone and someone.
he snatches her backpack.
pepper leads someone toward the stage.
he faces his protege with a surprised delighted smile.
now on a suburban street, little someone strides up to the convertible and gets in.
in the park, she sits near a pond with someone.
her full lips curl into a smile and the crime boss grins.
as she slips inside, he follows her to a baby's nursery.
as he approaches it, the stack of pages comes into focus.
the bird's head pops out.
someone starts to cross the stage with the cards.
the girl with the beauty someone hugs her.
she replaces the cover, glances outside and jogs out of the room in the opposite direction.
standing, someone steps away.
he gazes into her eyes.
the bird spins with the flushing water.
the shark turns, giving a view of its glassy black eyes.
someone tilts his head, checking out someone's.
someone finds a girl being examined by an eye doctor.
deepens his reach.
as he looks away, she glares.
a smoky blast launches the refrigerator across the room.
it pumps a dildo in and out of someone's backside.
someone holds out a listing.
as the flames settle, we find both someone and the clerk lying on the ground in flames.
he smiles disbelievingly at someone, now in a storage room.
with a wave, someone heads away.
but the tumbling suv bares down swiftly.
someone's house glows from its steep hilltop perch.
he doffs his jacket and takes a seat.
he goes out onto the porch and steps into a pair of soft-soled shoes.
other photos lie in disarray behind her.
as they approach the house, a young blonde woman greets them.
he mimes texting.
someone peers through his opera glasses at someone and the falcon,
now, agents and techs bustle around the cia control room.
scrutinizing her reflection, someone tucks a price tag into the back of her slinky black dress.
now, an announcer holds a mic.
he grits his teeth as he peels back a waxy leaf.
it lands on its roof in a flaming wreck.
holding dumb bells, someone performs squats.
the animal psychic holds her hands over her grilled lobster and goes into a trance.
as they approach the riverbank, someone remounts little blackie.
neve campbell kisses a topless denise richards in a swimming pool.
someone stares up at someone backlit by the truck's headlights.
the heavyset techie and someone come up the steps
he doffs his glasses.
everyone turns toward someone
pressing his lips together, he shifts his gaze to bailey's wife, who watches hopefully.
someone is jogging.
later, they walk a hall.
someone watches as his friend disappears into the night sky.
someone looks at his son.
the mind-controlled camera view shows someone seated close to us, looking in our direction.
someone's guns misfire.
looking away, she shrugs again.
zombies swarm the hummer.
later, they enter someone's house.
now a plane soars into the sky.
behind him someone bites his fist and doubles over with laughter.
he picks the penguin up and it poops in the toilet.
now in a hotel room, someone lies in bed.
someone shakes it, then pulls him in for a hug.
holding the falcon, someone strides off.
she switches off the tv.
one rips his head off.
someone tosses him into the pool.
now in his bathroom, someone dials a call on his cellphone and paces.
someone presses his lips to her cheek.
a threshold shows the three men venturing through a pair of tall glass doors.
in a muddy yard a fallen sign reads - deep valley.
someone's father bravely faces the authorities.
someone arrives at a white brick apartment building.
he grabs someone by the hair and flips him.
she pushes her chair out and strides away.
someone turns to a mirror.
another surfer hops out of a raft.
the zombie reappears spitting out a mouthful of flowers.
now, someone finds someone in the kitchen.
in the lobby, someone bites the first guard's ear, then punches the guard's stomach.
she resists, pushing him away bitterly, and beating at his chest with balled fists.
someone picks up a framed drawing of iron man.
someone crouches before the gate with someone kneeling behind.
the twins get up, fix their coats.
someone takes a necklace out of a clear plastic bag and holds it up.
he drops the sling on the floor.
he half-sits on the front of his desk.
a man hurls a bottle.
they tote small game bundled upside down on strings.
at the station, doyle takes someone's fingerprints.
she is sobbing face.
as the king steps closer, someone bows his head.
he wiggles his finger from his chin.
as someone and his sister rise from the floor, someone straightens his tie.
he shows the ringed planet.
someone and someone go to a shuttered window and peer through while tubman takes up her rifle.
someone turns to someone.
little someone finds the ring outside.
holding a half-eaten chicken leg, someone faces her and smiles.
the injured woman's eyelids slowly lift.
now someone feeds a meter in the artsy los feliz neighborhood.
someone stands before him, the gun pointed at his head.
the children kiss his ring.
someone touches a girder someone holds between them.
someone turns, looking all around.
later, someone follows the unsuspecting thug down the hall.
someone carries in someone's bag as someone
someone glances around frantically as he races from the zombies.
outside, someone loads the box on top of another in the back of his wagoneer, then shuts the rear gate.
going after him someone falls over the balcony railing and drops six feet.
she allows a brief chuckle.
he peers down at his dark haired gardener.
king someone spots someone.
someone grabs a rope and swings through the air.
he stands up and pelvic thrusts.
she pulls out keys.
someone holds a cd.
at buster's enclosure, someone makes notes.
someone sees the truck hanging out and hurls the radio aside.
someone wraps his arm around his daughter, and someone pulls her son in close.
holding a hotdog on a stick, someone grins.
someone rests her head back in the seat, as a warm grin forms on her face.
someone glances over his shoulder as he paddles along its face.
now, a soldier loads a silver ball into a cannon.
the agents gather.
now, someone joins someone in a lookout tower.
he pulls out books.
someone surrenders his sword to a soldier as two others force him to his knees
inside, someone removes a hand gun from a magnetic strip on the underside of the kitchen table.
someone and someone run up the staircase.
someone stands up behind someone, the glass shards hovering around him.
a blonde woman turns from a mirror as a now casually dressed someone emerges.
he opens the door to his dimly lit apartment.
as he straightens, he looks at the boy, then turns to the edge of the bed.
the aging nobleman hobbles to his daughter-in-law, cradles her head and tenderly presses his lips to her temple.
he talks at someone's ample chest.
as the other patrons look over at mr.
someone returns to the vehicle and gets behind the wheel.
he reveals his vest.
closed together tightly.
dropping it, she finds a bank statement with someone's name on it.
wearing her large sunglasses.
someone whips the anchor chain around the yacht's corridors.
he places the ship onto a counter.
his eyes widen as he looks down beside a seat.
he's on a boat, heading to new york city.
now a couple runs through tall grass overlooking a beach.
she shifts her restless gaze.
the return to sagan high and someone parks crookedly in a space.
someone waves to someone and she waves back.
someone reads attentively.
someone turns the fan in her hands, her chest heaving.
a view through tall shelving units crammed with evidence shows the couple prowl forward.
the family man races out of a cul-de-sac and reaches a narrow, rain-soaked road.
someone takes someone's alien arm in his hand.
flames erupt throughout the engine and blaze around the tires.
as stars twinkle from within a cloudy nebula a point of light source passed.
her parents watch vigilantly from the doorway.
drops it in a drawer.
arriving at columbia records, she crosses to the desk of the blonde haired receptionist.
someone carves an eleventh with his knife.
later, a convoy of military vehicles trundles down a dirt road.
the blonde enters another building, then exits and crosses off the ad in her paper.
at someone's home, someone looks over a collection of photos on the wall.
on the roof, they sit on a couch eating pizza and beer.
now, someone and someone run hand in hand through the ghetto.
it pulls up to a vast opulent mansion with a column-framed entrance.
seeing a group of cops beating a man with clubs, someone hides back against a wall.
the hyena darts back under the canvas.
in the apartment, someone lays face-down on the bed with a pillow over her head, and the phone clutched in her hand.
with his cheeks puffed out, he edges his way up along a jutting wall of rock.
then gives a small shake of her head.
one airman monitors the cubes with a geiger counter.
the sky as someone and someone lie side by side on the roof.
someone picks up a contract and reads.
she throws a snowball at him.
with two other boys someone draws on a sidewalk with chalk.
pressing her back to a wall, she fires up through the floorboards.
behind them, the car reverses then drives off again.
now at a bar, three doctors approach someone.
while driving someone lights a joint, then eats a cheeseburger.
they view each other through the cage wire.
as they bow, the conductor halts and frowns at the sight of someone's glowing face.
someone points at the floating ball.
as we drift closer, it offers a glimpse of the bridal party's preparations.
now someone spray paints a gun black.
he goes to finish his enemy but finds only shards of wood on the floor.
someone creeps in and picks up a bottle on her nightstand.
then glances around with a troubled expression.
the door swings open into a dark space.
she looks in a cage.
cupping a hand over her mouth, she sits on a bench then kicks the shelf in front of her.
water glistens on someone's cheek as the gash on his face closes up.
at a nearby burial mourners gather for shelter.
the view drifts past stacked equipment and microphone stands as we watch the heartbroken young man play.
someone takes a peek.
it cuts to the picture of someone with descriptive features and details of the abduction.
captain spots someone who tries to slip out.
with a cringe, someone drops a hand to the mat.
he chucks the disk in the trash and storms off.
as the detective descends, someone reaches into his pocket and pulls out a pack of gum.
inside, someone kicks open a door to the flaming room.
someone races down a stone stairway after the falcon, then up a ramp and through a door.
he glances up at the skyscraper then moves to someone's body which lies sprawled on the car's crushed roof.
someone averts her wounded gaze and stands.
spinning its wheel, he steers past the destroyed mercedes
he holds his hands out and stops moving.
other girls wear kooky harajuku fashions.
they sit, barely looking at one another.
the cartoon taps one testicle and bobs its head in a chipper little dance.
someone arrives and scans the crowd.
he looks over.
the two older men lean against a construction truck.
a spotlight hits a stage flat painted like a stone carving of a great cat.
the two outlaws hit the ground and dash hand in hand to a bus.
someone's fingers clutch the landing's edge as he dangles over his dining area.
jerking the steering wheel, someone weaves through traffic.
then, leans back and fires.
grabbing its leather strap, she
as we watch from a distant field, a wave of dust blast toward us.
the soldier heads to someone's small patio table and takes a seat.
someone tosses the blonde man away.
he and someone share a smile, then look away.
then, distracted, relaxes his hand.
the message from his mom reads, where are you?
agent someone walks into phillips' tent.
leaning forward, he faces her with a knitted brow.
she shows the disoriented family members wandering around.
she swats him away, then answers.
someone stares imploringly at her.
she nibbles his lips.
someone tilts his head and leans toward his friend.
agent someone heads to the door.
as someone trudges through the gates, the only student not wearing his uniform, his eyes lock on the golden caps studding the doors.
she downs another.
now the teenage someone floats on the ocean gazing toward us.
an eighth guard with a nightstick appears.
it shifts its shoulders, then tilts its head to look at someone, who kneels in front of him held at gunpoint by a mercenary.
in the stands, someone rises with the rest of the crowd.
he leans down and paddles off as someone watches with a little smile.
someone eats the ice cream as he strolls along a crowded boardwalk.
left alone, someone glances at the cell phone.
someone returns to the center of the boat as the frightened teen paddles away.
his feet upset some piled newspapers.
peering ahead, she notices something and sets the cup back down.
he holds it out to his rescuer and nods insistently.
now, the special forces encounter armed iraqi.
she lifts a handheld showerhead attachment off its bracket
he opens the passenger door and gets in.
as it pulls away, someone reaches out for it then slumps breathlessly.
it reads: this present isn't for you.
with a sidelong gaze, he squints toward someone.
someone detours down a short corridor, glances toward one offshoot, then ducks around another corner, and presses his back to the wall.
the flying bomb's wings unfold and a rear propeller spins.
he pulls away and strokes her face.
someone regains his composure.
she stirs thick pink cream.
someone stuffs his mouth with lettuce.
young someone places the piece on the table.
someone starts to speak, then turns away.
someone pushes up on the next swell.
at school her peers stare.
someone scowls at someone, who winks back at her.
someone freezes, spotting a guard at the gate.
they hold a paper heart.
someone flies up from the water and sends angel tumbling off course with a sonic scream.
later, she sits on the steps with the book.
the american and russian commanders each watch them returning.
someone wears a hoodie.
he strolls toward a snack shop.
someone forces a patron down and someone shot misses again.
a timekeeper's cruiser rolls up behind someone.
a woman leads someone and someone forward.
someone sneers and lifts his phone.
someone brings someone to a table.
the auburn-haired woman and someone follow suit.
he waves at her through a mirror and she waves back then doffs the hat.
in his living room, someone sips wine with a friend.
someone leans his hands against the wall, and wags his butt.
someone and someone grab handles and slide down the cable.
she takes down one janitor after another.
as someone watches her, he shoots frequent glances over his shoulder toward someone's rental.
he beats them with his rifle.
at the foot of another pool, he sets a shoebox-sized camera into the water.
and holding a flashlight steps up to snowy.
turning her head over her shoulder, she gazes off over the water.
as he flips pages in his newspaper, mama serves someone food.
beside her, someone sits up clutching his head painfully.
frowning, someone pockets the phone and heads off down the sidewalk in the opposite direction.
leaning forward, she cups the back of someone's head in her hand and presses her lips to his.
and several unmounted frames lean on the wall.
he notices a us armed forces savings check for $400 payable to someone.
drops to his knees, devastated.
and holds a younger boy.
someone aims his camera down the hole.
smoking crotch as he races.
he points to his shoulder patch.
someone peers intensely over the steering wheel.
as the remaining bridge buckles, the locomotive struggles to climb the increasingly inclined track.
turning to it, someone reads a text from someone, can't wait to see you at the hotel tonight.
hurrying toward her family, someone breaks into a run.
she cocks a handgun.
he enters a building.
someone throws a weapon which shatters a giant's ice weapon, while someone swings his hefty ax into another giant's torso.
she moves to her right and sees a white plastic lawn chair with a work light hung above it.
now a massive russian ship, named aral sea, slowly moves across the ocean.
someone takes up a pen and signs the bottom.
he lowers it to reveal dead sunken eyes and untamed black hair forming a nest around his drawn and weary face.
upside down, with his right shoulder touching the ground, someone places his left hand on the road as he tries to wiggle free.
in the depository, someone prowls down an aisle.
then jerks his thumb upward.
someone snaps a decaying monk's neck.
now, they drive through a shopping center's parking lot.
his father swims on, leading him through the winding passage.
we view his bare butt, someone his front.
the man sips a martini glass.
he gapes as she ducks a swinging sword from one fighter, then evades a blow from another and holds him at sword point.
he opens it and peeks his head inside.
a colossal mountain peak topped by glowing crystals jets out of the center of the clouds.
the next picture shows a black-and-white-photo print lying on a table.
someone starts to go but turns back.
the ladies each sit with a blossom patterned china cup.
later, she emerges from a subway station.
a ship sits in a harbor.
the range rover pulls up behind someone's mansion and cuts its headlights.
someone topples falling face first on the floor.
someone bends over and sets his manuscript before the closed door.
two black aardvarks wade through water up to their heads, flapping their long snouts as they move along.
someone faces the group.
the captain slaps the desk.
he looks to someone.
a mustached man wearing a bowler staggers into the room.
she trades a look with her bearded colleague.
on the periphery, a ruggedly handsome man of anglo descent sports close cropped hair and a nice suit.
he scratches his head.
as he holds someone down, he regains control of the missiles.
she slows down as she approaches the apartment, and notices someone crossing the street toward her.
they glimpse the powder blue tights on his toes.
someone hangs his jacket with a sarcastic sneer.
now on a dry day, the mees meet the zoo staff outside.
someone dashes to a night stand,
the lifeboat drops into the ocean with everyone aboard.
halting, he gives an amazed shake of the head.
someone steps up to someone front door.
his suit jacket dangling from one hand, and his tie hanging from the other.
she approaches and hugs a tall balding man.
he plants his feet wide apart and crouches over, getting his balance as he faces the tiger.
with gun, the man convulses then falls limp.
his mentor follows closely.
he heads to the door as nimer greets the high roller.
the rolling ship chases them past a number of rocky pillars, dotting the harsh terrain, its shadow at their heels.
he hauls out a bag and slams the locker shut.
someone again turns toward the tv.
she struts pass him and he follows.
as she reaches the back wall, the tablet readings steadily drop to almost nothing.
as someone leaves the lights go out one by one.
the young man steps inside and lets the door swing shut behind him.
he halts the others.
she gives him a pointed look
someone approaches from a connecting corridor and shoots her machine gun.
wearing a black bra, boots, gloves, and panties, someone stands with her hands on her hips in front of a bed.
someone glares into his side view mirror, then gets out of the car.
on her way out, she collides with the brunette in large sunglasses.
blinking his amber eyes, the tiger hangs his head and convulses nauseously.
his pursuer charges him.
she runs for someone, but the ground fissures, threatening to cut her off from the ship.
someone joins her and hands her a coffee mug.
behind his back, he discreetly draws a gun then makes a show of resting his hand behind someone's seat back.
another snake sinks its teeth into her left hand.
someone's buddy pats someone's shoulder and heads out.
now on the main floor of the call center, someone's boss stands behind a bank of monitors with her hands on her hips.
he carries her into his bedroom.
a small room with an elevated bed.
someone plops on the couch.
arms shaking, someone glances down at him and swallows.
as the sedan glides down a concrete passage way,
someone bows his head and reads,
someone appears at the top of the list.
in a flashback, someone glimpses young boys dressed in identical stripe shirts.
someone takes him aside.
someone faces her briefly, then leaves.
he scans left and right looking for a space
someone heaves a grave sigh.
the privileged young woman gives her friend a sly smile and averts her gaze.
he walks her to the party's edge.
someone side with his cane, he fireballs at someone.
now someone and someone pass a huge pool on their way to a chic modern home.
with someone leading, the asgardians walk beneath two shield agents watching from a rooftop.
someone leads his men out at a march.
dark fluid oozes from small holes on either side of his brow and he grimaces painfully.
she rests her cheek on his shoulder, looking to the side.
blood stains the oyster.
blood stains the freight elevator and they glimpse a fallen man's feet.
tightening his lips defeatedly, he withdraws his hand.
he lies beside her and she covers up a bit.
someone follows the boy.
someone and the man study each other.
she tasers him in the neck.
looking it over, the heartened detective inhales deeply.
lowering the phone, she slips it into her back pocket.
a zombie tears a woman's head off.
someone repeats the encouraging gesture and gives a nod.
she lifts a hand to her chest.
someone quickly pulls up his pants.
running from the flames, someone separates from someone and someone and dashes into a someone field.
in her graveled courtyard they stand.
curly steps out of the closet and stands beside him.
palms to his face he notices a red flag hanging from a pole on the opposite bank.
he notices a cat door on the other side of the kitchen.
in the home theater, someone nonchalantly dumps their popcorn bowl.
he expels a deep breath.
on the other side, someone edges back and someone swallows hard.
under a crystal chandelier, a card table and folding chairs sit on a parquet floor.
someone pats his victim's bald head.
he lowers a hand back into the pool and touches his fingertips to hers.
someone hides it.
someone sits up, her jaw slack.
someone appears at the window.
as someone looks on, she tiptoes back and forth over the kitchen tiles.
he aims a gun out his window.
someone hops off the boat looking inland.
she takes of his shoe.
she leans a little further to see below.
someone steps down a hallway then turns into a sitting room.
later, someone follows her mother, hedda, into her home.
smiling as he strides past lines of guards, the man casually flips the hammer and points to cheering onlookers.
card reads, round 13.
wearing a helmet with long horns that rise in a v, someone sits upon the throne.
she straddles the man.
someone settles wearily onto the canvas.
he lays her on her back, gets on top of her, and pulls off her robe.
a young man walks over and lifts off her veil, revealing her elaborate bridal crown.
trailing closer, someone fires at someone and misses.
a short-haired woman dressed in all black
vehicles round the corner, they briefly move in fast motion.
he eyes his host disapprovingly, flicks the straw away, and moves on.
entering the studio, someone gazes around the spacious, rugged room, cluttered with works in progress and supplies.
she shifts her lips thoughtfully, then climbs out of the minivan.
standing with her back to the bed,
she points at the handcuff.
he cuts the stage lights.
he addresses the crowd, the back of his shirt emblazoned with a cross out sign over the word murders.
he delivers a sidekick which the american blocks.
someone makes exasperated gestures at someone who stands and worriedly eyes the cards.
through a window, the crew watches thin plumes of smoke rise from the ground.
now someone enters the mansion.
someone returns a goblet.
grass sticks out from a tortoise's mouth as it crawls over the ground.
she stands, holding the weapon pointed at the floor, and moves to someone's cell.
someone grabs his sword again and thrusts it into the giant's throat.
someone notes her crestfallen look.
someone shifts his eyes thoughtfully.
a security feed shows someone outside the building.
in the next photo, the smiling beauty stands in the snow in an ankle-length coat.
mindedly wipes the model off.
someone smirks as he takes it.
as the two fighters square off, someone steps closer, studying the footage intently.
the bearded man storms out, leaving the bedroom door ajar.
someone helps someone down a flight of stairs.
as the vehicle peels out, someone gets to his feet and watches it speed past.
she bats off his earmuff cap.
on the ground, a drunk frenchman playing a drum falls over.
now they face the entrance.
it opens, revealing a young woman in a demure house dress, her strawberry blonde hair frames her face in a curly someone.
someone, someone, someone and someone appear in a desert.
a lady servant stops her.
someone peers down the dirt road, but finds no sign of visitors.
on another catwalk above the factory floor, someone kicks a guard on the chest, knocking him over a railing.
they notice her.
later, children buy comics featuring captain america from a newsstand.
in someone's house, the middle-aged student highlights almost every line on a textbook's pages.
in the home theater, a movie plays.
come back soon.
now, in a working class high-rise she dumps packaged noodles into a bowl.
now the friends drink wine and dance around the room.
he struggles to remain composed.
as someone bites a knuckle, someone waits anxiously.
someone and someone overturn a table of beads as someone hacks at a cowboy mannequin's neck with an ax.
children in the audience applaud as he repeats the same act for audiences in buffalo, milwaukee, philadelphia, and chicago.
he puts one half back.
and withdraws its hand.
someone takes out the flash drive.
a cashier faces someone.
setting down his knife
now candles filled someone's loft.
as they head up the spiral someone watches them over her shoulder.
as an amused someone and sebastian watch from their distant table, someone crosses the dance floor.
he yanks him to his feet.
someone glances around himself, feels his own chest, then unbuttons his shirt.
someone stops halfway down a flight of stairs.
inside a lavish buffet with a chocolate fountain overlooks a brand new black maserati on a rotating platform.
she gets in and checks herself in the mirror.
he lowers his palms and sweeps his arms into the shape of a crooked t,
gazing into her eyes he gives her a tender kiss and rubs her chest.
someone's mom takes her name tag.
someone crosses a dirt road.
hundreds of feet above, the command module continues its steady ascent.
union soldiers fire the canons from a high ridge.
as she stares off dreamily, another dancer reaches for her makeup.
everyone turns to someone who gazes ahead with a furrowed brow.
one of the three students from the lunchroom, a blond girl, exhales smoke and meets his gaze.
the crowd covers their mouth as someone throws more punches.
she places one of his hands on a golden cap.
now, rain drips from a sign reading zookeepers only.
snow veils someones clay scrap pile.
someone flirts with a shorter man.
looking over her shoulder, she finds someone unfastening his pants and gives her restraints a desperate tug.
as someone crashes it under his shoe, the surveillance team loses one of their angles.
fans bang on the glass.
someone gives a thumbs up as he vomits.
grinning, someone pulls him close.
someone and someone watch him go.
he turns to the busty woman.
someone stops dancing.
there are things about men you someone never know.
he enters with a box of popcorn in one hand.
someone strolls along the outdoor class' perimeter, watching the students.
as a man shovels snow outside a dress shop, someone arrives.
now in a tavern, they stand at a bar.
someone observes the group, tentatively.
with his gaze fixed on the boy's closed eyes, someone creeps toward the headboard.
his hands in his coat pockets and his gaze fixed on the ground.
the grief counselor's lips form a sympathetic line.
for ten years, she was only their teacher.
she leaves him.
he tosses the rock and crosses to another crate.
the shield bashes the guard in the faces, knocking him backward.
someone leads him down a staircase.
someone steps forward and casually tosses the pistol on to the body.
the girl stares at someone with her arms crossed.
she claps her feet together.
hit sits facing his shy grandson.
someone someone watches the flare burst in the sky and retreats below the canvas.
photos show poultry being prepared.
lying on its side the camera continues to run.
he beams delightedly.
on screen, the explorers flee as an alien with a man's body and a lizard's head chases them.
someone flings his hands forward.
he mimes penises in his mouth and ears.
eyeing the daybed, she pauses briefly, then crosses to the french doors and opens them.
someone climbs down from the loft.
beneath its tapered neck, warlike paintings adorn its bulbous body.
other citizens crowd around someone.
he flips past paperwork and uncovers a mug shot of his son.
someone spies scaffolding through a window across the way.
someone watches her rival.
someone hurries over to help him.
they rest the old woman on a mound of filled sacks.
the dragon ring lies beneath.
the aspiring cook grimaces, then meets a green grocer.
he kneels at his friend's side and rolls him over.
someone rubs the ball against his crotch, then tosses it to someonet.
he points.
sweeping his gaze around the cave, he wipes his mouth the back of his hand then picks up a flashlight.
at home, someone lies wide awake in bed.
she sheepishly sucks her lips and heads off.
now our view glides over a mansion with a paris styled courtyard at its center.
someone lunges forward in a second melee.
a stunning brunette joins someone at his side.
someone staggers forward, wipes his own face, then falls backward.
later in the house, he shifts uncomfortably as two men and a woman give another woman oral sex.
someone steps past his friends and heads over.
someone wakes up in his bed and watches him deliberately stub out a lit cigarette near the bottom corner of the canvas.
clicking it, someone opens an album displaying thumbnail images of family photos.
in the dim cabin, someone plays a handheld video game.
she touches his cheek.
someone looks away, uncertain.
someone sets the ukulele back on the bureau.
he shrugs a shoulder.
someone looks up at him, her eyes wide and shining.
someone answers it wearing a shiny lam dress.
someone follows someone down a staircase.
the fighter's corner men rush to his side.
now in the den, someone sips a beer.
he faces his wife as they separate.
someone leads a group of soldiers down a rocky hill.
smiling, someone stares up at king someone.
their cat looks up.
someone storms off then returns with an axe.
later, someone wakes to find himself seemingly alone.
their lips meet in an ardent tender kiss.
on a small stage, three male singers perform on stools as they strum a guitar, a ukulele, and a bass.
someone removes his backpack and faces his friend.
later, someone carries the automaton.
facing the penguin, he puts his cell phone back in his pocket.
she throws a newspaper.
he steps out of the car, and walks up a foot path to a house.
a doorway on the opposite end of the cluttered room frames someone as he sits on the edge of his bed.
later, at home, someone dries cubed red meat with a paper towel.
he scans a toilet, tub, and table in a bathroom.
he goes to prop an elbow on his knee, but slips.
someone snatches someone's notebook.
at the pump, he leans against his car as he fills it with gas.
he flips a record between his hands, sets it on the player, and gently drops the needle.
he throws him out, then speeds off in the cart.
in slow motion, a woman's hand adjusts tyler's  clothing.
he gives a thumbs up to his listening team.
that night she lies wide awake in bed.
the beam of light shoots straight from the dome into the starry reaches of outer space.
he sits between someone and someone with the third bowl and they smile at the tv.
holloway pulls a plastic curtain aside and his female colleague steps through with a flashlight.
the driver gets back in his taxi.
smiling calmly, someone heads into the house.
the minutemen burst in.
he passes his mother as she collects their mail in the lobby.
as he leans to nuzzle her she scoots away.
the bikers stare at them.
someone and someone tend to a backyard swimming pool.
someone's eyes open gradually and she grows anxious.
he downs a shot then gestures to a bartender.
his back to someone, then turns.
someone clasps his mother's hand and strokes his own face with it.
helicopter, the sniper fires warning shots in the air.
he conceals the photo of someone's bum behind a newspaper and compares it with the backsides of women waiting for the elevators.
someone drops the shoe in the box and the newcomer quickly closes it.
now outside a nightclub, green laser lights and strobe flashes illuminate the exterior of the building.
she runs over to someone.
unnoticed, someone approaches a doorway and finds the reserved beauty singing with her eyes closed.
later, someone joins someone in an upscale restaurant.
someone shoulders the reloaded launcher.
crouching at the android's body she rummages around and finds her cross.
headlights flicker then turn off.
someone lowers her thoughtful eyes, then meets her son's pained gaze.
he perks up.
the brothers trade a wry smirk.
as someone looks on anxiously, someone waves the search team on.
someone moves in close and her lips meet his repeatedly sharing eager tender kisses.
she stares guardedly at him, then takes the seat facing his.
someone peers out of the window at a sprawling western town.
he sips a takeout soda.
someone approaches and leans beside her on the bar.
a message on her screen flashes.
he cradles her face in his hands, and tenderly kisses her lips.
and pushes himself up a little.
as someone gazes after them, someone approaches.
someone blows out cigarette smoke as he observes, he whips her.
now, the refugee women sit huddled around a campfire.
he lifts the bag away and then lets it drop.
someone ambles off with a bucket still in hand.
they wake up.
as his father paces in the living room, someone carries his girlfriend upstairs.
with a grin plastered on his face, someone turns back to his movie.
someone lifts up someone.
now someone uses his phone.
as titles appear, images move in slow motion.
his mouth hanging agape, he shifts his astonished gaze to someone.
he fearfully throws it down.
someone falls onto the front of someone's motorcycle.
an artist holds up a sketchpad.
he holds it out insistently.
then tears it in half.
the crescent shaped ship rolls their way, tipping on to the second of its blunted ends.
he takes off his jacket and drapes it over the back of the chair.
someone steps away, leaving the incantus open on someone's lap.
he looks up as a butterfly flutters past his face.
someone keeps wiping.
grabbing the controls, someone steers out of the vast expanse of clouds.
he throws a snowball at his son.
as he lands, the boy with the mohawk spins and kicks him in the head.
glides his finger along its edge, then reluctantly hands it to his father.
later, he raises a scanner by his seat and sticks his wrist through it.
the pilot turns away and the balloon floats off.
emerging on a blanket of clouds, his gaze sweeps from three girls, to a man reading a book, to a dark-skinned girl with white hair.
as he steps out of the mirrored room and into the main command center, someone appears in front of someone.
distracted by someone, someone absent-
as the van makes another sharp turn, snowy leaps out of the wagon and onto the fence of a livestock pen.
behind her, two vendors sit at a folding table and men in business suits and fedoras follow different paths.
the boys run alongside of the bus.
someone pushes a document to someone who reads it.
as his head tips back, the
they notice the recorder in his hand.
he pushes a statue on the wall.
then focuses on a black-haired young woman in booty shoots and a bra with dangling fringe.
she looks around at the other guests,
one of the pursuing cars moves to the front and tails them aggressively.
someone's is blue gray and someone's is checked with a purple necktie.
her hair tousled in sexy waves, she smirks through glamorous sunglasses.
now someone brings someone to his grandparents' estate.
someone's eyes dart, computing away.
a short board hangs over the garage door.
she holds her father's hands.
fireplace and grabs the letters.
he and his friends peer over the rail to see someone paddling by.
someone drops his pained gaze then returns it to someone who looks away.
they kiss, wrapping their arms around each other.
someone treads up behind him.
they see someone struthers in a fur trimmed overcoat beside an albino man and well-dressed woman.
he reads the newspaper.
as the man in black holds someone's smug gaze, our view zooms out a window, which frames the transmitter.
someone removes his cap.
someone looks on as someone shakes the rot off his face and out of his hair and mouth.
someone shoves it into someone's hand.
holding a script someone stands on someone's front porch.
she turns to face the entrance where someone stands holding a red case containing someone's iron man suit.
the americans leap behind the bar.
they sit awkwardly, side by side.
at a nearby sink, a robotic arm with legs knocks over a blender filled with dark-green chlorophyll.
they drive past urban apartment buildings and parks.
she faces the pot.
at home, someone does push-ups.
he crosses to a desk and halts briefly by a secretary busy typing.
someone steps forward and wraps his arms around her.
someone runs into a blonde young woman as she steps out of the bathroom.
someone takes a hit of a pipe.
their powerful crashes send up massive bursts of white foam.
standing back, he reaches out and tilts the container over someone's head.
a droplet lands on his thumb.
someone takes two flutes of champagne from a tray.
now, they get sandwiches to go.
a girl brings someone one.
inside, the solemn faced detective glides stiffly past running policemen.
a zombie in a track suit closes in on the sisters.
someone puts on his helmet.
someone picks up his briefcase and walks off into the bustling crowd.
beast grabs someone's arm with his foot, then clutches someone.
as she passes, he glances after her.
his colleague moves to the edge of the cavernous space, then watches him with a girlish smile.
he scowls at someone, who sits by him drinking.
her eyes filled with tears.
she walks off, unimpressed by his attempt at humor.
he cuts a rope, dropping a lantern and lighting the gun powder.
i just hope their noses are clean.
as the adviser heads to the elevator, someone eyes someone.
now, a handful of children play in the courtyard of a glass-paneled building.
as he hurries from the room, someone trots along with him.
the boy runs off with poopsie taped to his back.
he aims a gun.
across the desert, she grins.
the angry drunk crashes, tumbling across the dirty concrete floor.
above the expo grounds, someone flies alone.
now in a sunlit clearing, someone's suv sits parked with the driver's door open.
his shadow on the wall shows him swinging, but the mop head strings dodge each blow.
as the ice cream melts, someone sticks his tongue out.
someone's father barges in and the nervous teen quickly acts busy at his computer.
as someone rises off of the stage someone falls of a fake boulder and grabs on to his dangling partner.
she faces someone and her bee-stung lips curl into a cold smile.
someone gets in.
now, the motorcycle lands safely
now children play around a man making giant soap bubbles on the park lawn.
the car and runs away.
someone stands nearby, as do several masked vampires.
finding herself boxed in, she slides down a storm drain opening and disappears.
someone smiles anxiously.
he tosses the ax back to someone who chops into another.
someone makes a pulling motion and the bully lurches, his mouth spurting blood.
he slips and falls into the lifeboat causing a rope to snap.
takes out his wallet, and pilfers the cash inside.
he peeks through his window blinds, then turns.
someone watches the guy get into the lift.
someone looks past her shoulder and freezes.
someone mouths, tell him, to someone.
he grabs the prone being by the point at the back of its head.
they arrive at caesars palace.
hold it in place while someone attaches it.
he yanks someone close
someone put two more bullets in the alien as he trots past.
with a resentful sneer, someone leads someone with someone.
someone eyes the amiable boy and shakes his head with a smile.
someone looks over his shoulder and spots a billboard in a field.
someone follows her example with a hopeful gaze.
someone meets someone and her little dog at the hospital.
the boy gives him a sullen look, then turns away.
someone boots someone back into a corner.
she leads her taller friend back through the frenzied crowd toward the stage.
a black-haired bartender wearing eyeliner pulls a quarter out from behind someone's ear.
someone turns off the tv again.
kidnap victim's body found in lancaster.
the door rips open and someone shifts into her diamond form.
the rockets soar toward the american and russian fleets.
wrapped in the sheet, the mistress sits in someone's lap.
she reaches into her pocket for her phone.
someone gently puts a hand on her shoulder and guides her to the waiting area.
they head into the daybreak offices.
someone sits glumly in the back of an ambulance as a someone checks on her.
someone turns and fights his way back to someone.
someone watches her, his mouth hanging open.
someone applauds hopefully as her son takes his place on the mat.
his eyes transform.
behind her back, someone shows a picture of a sexual pose.
now, someone's computer shows a cartoon of a tiny mushroom-shaped penis situated on an oversized pair of balls.
as she takes out the other earring she notices uncleared plates on the kitchen island.
someone sits with them.
it's eyes closed peacefully.
in a large open-plan office, they peer into a workstation.
the roof collapses as the hummer speeds off.
beyond the shore line, a jungle looms in the distance.
someone wears a wounded smirk.
standing, someone offers her the page.
as she climbs, the officers arrive on the rooftop.
they walk to a table, where a bearded man stands and shakes someone's hand.
moving forward, they approach two masked guards, both facing the roof's edge.
she marches off, leaving someone with his mouth agape.
he plods away.
she shrugs and taps her abdomen.
someone joins the children at the cart.
that night sitting on a stoop, the shaggy-haired young man opens a bottle of beer, tosses the cap and takes a sip.
she stares wide-eyes at her rescuer.
she lands a punch, sending someone crumpling to the floor where he grabs the abandoned gun.
the brunette woman and three other warriors walk in.
the guard buzzes him through.
her legs accidentally sweep tiny bits of mortar off the ledge.
on the ground, two men carry a case of uranium, as a masked man barks orders.
they head up a staircase to a mezzanine.
as someone goes back to the kitchen, a new email pops up.
standing in the doorway, someone lowers his spear.
the timer counts down past a minute and 45 seconds.
someone keeps his eyes squeamishly shut and fires upward.
someone rolls his eyes then sits on someone's couch.
getting out of bed, someone steps in one of the pots of water.
vance shows someone a selection of greetings cards.
the two men reach a door and someone breaks a chain locking it shut.
someone removes her shoes and sets them on a
later crammed into the plane with someone and the pilots someone reads a flight manual.
the protester struggles to get away.
someone blocks the attack with the tall boy.
someone blinks his contemplative eyes.
someone remains watchful.
the young man glances aside then faces someone.
the doors swing shut behind her.
he ushers her through a doorway.
on the bed, someone finds her photograph under broken glass, halfway out of its now-bent frame.
someone turns and lifts his arms.
it shows someone and him beaming as bride and groom.
the man shows his scarred cheek.
a vulture's sharp-beaked face and white fluffy collar fill our view as it shifts its keen gaze.
the two would-be ladies pick up their bags and shuffle through a gate up some front steps.
someone glances up at a white armored suit on the scaffold.
someone shields her eyes.
blinking, she clears her eyes and faces someone without a hint of grief.
someone shoves another lifeboat over the side of the boat as snowy jumps in.
back on asgard, someone stands outside his observatory with his sword propped upright in front of himself as someone approaches.
slack-jawed, the boy runs to another window.
in the restaurant bathroom, someone takes a blood-level reading with a scanner, then sticks his pricked finger in his mouth.
someone starts the motorcycle and they race down a narrow road after the jeep.
in the attic, he pushes a mechanism's gear with his thumb, spinning a tiny propeller.
he opens a  desk drawer.
her body quivering with emotional sobs.
someone rounds a corner wearing a dressy russet blouse and a brown cloche hat.
his skeleton head snaps to one side attentively and he marches off.
someone turns away, looking fed up.
they cross a brief red-carpeted lobby.
she lays a hand on a friend's shoulder and backs away from the group.
someone approaches a purple and white muscle car.
turning onto her other side, she faces a sleeping sibling.
now someone and someone enter the apartment.
now someone runs through a corridor, unzipping her clothes.
a pair of doors slides shut behind her, sealing her inside.
with a tearful smile, she gestures someone to follow her as she goes over to her son.
he removes his scarf and shrugs.
as they exit the dojo together, an suv pulls up and a pretty brunette waves from the driver seat.
the old man averts his gaze and faces the courtroom.
she knowingly touches the side of her nose.
a note around the money lists the amount, $323.60.
opening it, he puts on his glasses.
someone passes out flyers.
an aerial photo shows the blond teen's body stripped down in the desert with blood around her head.
on the screen, three triangles representing air force drones move off together.
someone's jaw takes the hit.
in the courtyard, he spars with someone, blocking the man's strikes.
someone turns toward a movie screen.
someone sits near someone on a matching sofa positioned opposite.
she wears a low-cut black unitard with tails and fuchsia lapels.
he stares at it.
a montage shows their game play.
he taps his steering wheel with his thumb as he cruises an empty street.
someone shakes his head and someone touches his temple.
someone's eyes widen, as he smiles broadly.
someone looks past the statue at someone.
words appear - the tempts estuary, england.
someone turns back to annabelle, who checks her datebook.
she goes to see someone.
he reopens the doors, shirtless.
someone takes out her cellphone and makes a call.
someone pulls up on his yellow muscle car.
someone rolls her eyes and looks away.
someone lies on a bench nearby tapping his fingers on his chest and whistling at the ceiling.
he playfully grabs her side, startling the live young beauty.
he turns away thoughtfully.
he turns away, staring at his cell.
someone watches her resolutely.
the mime eyeballs someone and then slaps him.
paddles over to the other finalists as they gaze.
watching from the back of the room, someone, his nostrils flared, storms out.
they exit.
now, a clipboard bears a document headed,
flapping in the breeze.
someone flashes her rear, and all of the men stand up.
she picks up a cushion.
springing from the bar, someone jumps on its back.
someone falls to the floor.
someone takes another bite of his sandwich and chews it thoughtfully.
on the table, a tarantula climbs up the wall of a terrarium.
with a smile, he turns to his kids.
she hides her someone harvey book under a kitten calendar.
slipping past him, we near the door.
he slaps a folded paper into her palm, wraps her fingers around it, and presses it to her chest.
she glares at someone
he shows a blueprint.
he picks up a book from the coffee table between them.
someone watches the pot tick up to 900 years.
opening it, he finds someone facing him with a coy smile.
aral sea, come in.
the cover page reads simply "untitled by someone liao".
the american boy's gaze hardens and his nostrils flare.
then indicates to step outside.
someone comes out of his room.
a dorky guy with large glasses and mismatched clothes stands on the stoop.
someone slowly unzips the vest from top to bottom then slides it off.
she pulls the door closed.
meanwhile, a flame shoots from the warrior leaders spears.
she pops up beside the stage.
someone averts her gaze.
she exists.
someone leans forward, holding out the flask.
he baits a fishing hook with chewed biscuit then lowers it into the water.
bending over, someone pets the cat.
someone joins him at a high railing overlooking the work floor.
someone makes the busboy touch someone.
now in business attire, someone works at a desktop computer.
she watches him press his face into the hair and inhale deeply.
they pop up from behind the bar and shoot at the two remaining men, who go down in a storm of bullets.
the man, lucky ned, throws her to the ground.
left alone, someone lifts away a top panel of the box and climbs out.
he rolls to a stop and stands up to find himself facing the oncoming stampede.
someone notices three national guardsmen strolling down the sidewalk.
he follows the other students out.
the distinguished figure of someone vanger comes outside to greet them.
someone puts down a gun and picks up a small black box.
glaring scoldingly at holloway, someone removes her helmet.
she flashes a tight smile, which fades to a glum look.
later, as the explorers sleep on the moon's surface,
taking off his socks, he nods.
palace, reports swarm someone as he arrives.
someone takes a pair of binoculars, and watches a woman step out of a black suv.
he spits into his hand, and then mimes stroking the shaft of someone's penis.
a satellite view zooms in on a street, tracking an audi convertible which loops around and parks outside a busy nightclub.
someone slows her pace and stuffs her hands in her pockets.
the american leans close and she fondles his chocolate-brown braids.
someone's eyes filled with tears, and she blows her nose on a folded handkerchief.
someone approaches the destroyed window trailed by his men.
now someone sits on a beam below an ocean someone.
someone jogs off.
as the propellers rise, sea water rains down.
homer looks on.
an l train glides overhead.
she stops, watching him appreciatively.
snowy sticks his nose under the cabinet.
now, the young woman looks down at someone, the afternoon sun gleaming over her shoulder.
they watch it as it ticks up from 33% to 37%.
later, in his living quarters, someone pours a cup of mead.
someone crouches to someone.
a bearded man reads paperwork.
he hurries over.
now in a dark living room, the shy teen lies back on a pillow.
he prepares himself a cracker.
someone wavers on the chopper, accelerates into the bushes, and falls off.
someone eats one, someone pops another in her mouth.
someone stares steadily at his laptop.
the red-haired young man glances around himself.
then turns away.
someone ping's flushed face grimaces and he frantically taps the mat.
someone turns and slams someone against several nails protruding from a wall.
he has 45 missed calls.
baby face tosses someone's someone gun onto the front seat and gets behind the wheel.
now, a mid-sized crossover pulls into the costco parking lot.
later at a restaurant, someone sits across a table from his brother and reads bank statements.
outside, someone gazes after someone sympathetically.
he steps back and stares up at the building as a train passes along an elevated track nearby.
pulls the pin from a gas canister.
come join us at our home."
taking her diamond form, someone catches it.
he stands and slips his finger under the envelope's flap.
facing the door, someone halts.
a race starts and someone runs too.
back in the common room, girls hurry in with armfuls of clothing.
it bears an.
her sister forces a smile.
in the back someone sits in a complicated safety seat.
someone raises portable air horn above his head.
someone watches someone try to revive him.
someone yanks him through the doorway, then uses the chain to pull the door shut behind them.
"count every dollar.
he slips his hand into his father's print.
as he turns away, he knocks over a lamp.
she stands at a microphone.
now someone's motorcycle speeds down the road.
someone glances behind herself then reaches up with both hands and removes the panel.
they stand with their sandwiches.
he chalks lines through four more.
she takes off her sunglasses then slowly moves through the living room.
as someone reaches for the paper, the falcon snatches it and flies off.
someone shoots it in the head.
now, at the hotel's front desk the clerk gives someone and someone their bills.
she unfolds a sheet of paper.
the cat steps on it.
the engine sparks to life.
she averts her gaze and he puts it away.
someone briefly lowers the phone and glowers at it.
someone watches from the landing as someone gently cradles his daughter.
she jerks backwards and he shoots again.
the executives chuckle.
the arching water grazes his nose.
the van passes a sign marking california highway 1n.
someone looks at himself in the mirror.
the chopper makes a hard left turn.
he pulls out a sandwich.
it's a winged eye topped by a halo.
he takes a seat at his son's bedside.
he turns away from her and heads for the front door.
now as someone drives, his cell reads incoming call.
someone forces a pained smile.
with a kick, he sends someone's bag flying high.
perched on the bench, someone someone watches his dazed shipmate.
reaching a brick pillar, he stops at the sight of a stern man waiting by a black luxury sedan.
gripping the top of her head, he roughly keeps the mask in place.
someone follows him upstairs.
it pulls up beside then passes someone who shakes his head at someone.
someone stares blankly on the bus.
someone points at her eyes, then dribbles the can through the group and deftly evades them.
someone races toward it, but two boys grab him by the arms.
he rubs her hand with his chin, then she strokes the back of his head, fondle his ear, and caresses his cheek.
the frame blasts a large hole in the wall.
she opens the box, revealing a small black and white picture of a ring where the ring should be.
the boys stroll in his direction, then turn down the off-shooting hallway.
as he eagerly takes the call.
the first agent and he falls.
she beams and takes a bite.
lies on the ground, riving.
rediscovering someone, it leaps at him.
she punches him in the gut.
a group of guards surround him.
someone glances away, then looks someone in the eye.
two man wearing bowlers peer through holes punched through the same newspaper.
her long neat pigtails hang down over the front of her dark sodden brown coat.
someone points out the illuminated clock on the custom house tower.
someone smiles in her office as she reads the article on the front page of the la times calendar section.
she takes another call.
someone waves his hands in her face.
at the center of the table, tiny people stand around a gaping chasm.
someone strokes her ex-husband's hair then cups the back of his head in both her hands.
he finishes shaving and opens his pocket watch, eyeing someone's photo and the time.
only his eyes show behind the curved window on the face shield.
the agent crosses the floor.
someone cuts a lonely figure as she walks away.
someone closes someone's dress.
someone turns to watch them.
outside they walk an alley.
someone turns, finding all the hatchlings asleep behind him.
someone flips over a mattress, revealing a cache of weapons of all kinds.
the two women seize someone, yank him into the pool, and tear open his shirt.
the writer looks up from the file and beams.
later, the woman blows out a candle on a cupcake as the baby wears a party hat.
he scans the pages.
with wide eyes, he crouches down in front of the mysterious package.
facing his sad-eyed, skinny brother, an adolescent someone points out a church at the rim of the misty valley.
he downs his drink.
she turns toward the forest and sees a group of bare chested boys running away.
its legs are completely splayed.
he gazes after the van as it putters away.
the screen shows a video of someone raping her.
someone sits in the back seat of someone's blue volkswagen, as they drive away.
now in the apartment, someone cleans a skillet.
someone walks over to the chest from his workshop.
a pastor comes out to meet them.
he turns back at the open door.
blonde-haired and bearded someone, black-haired and clean shaven hogun, woolly-bearded someone, and the slender brunette someone,
elsewhere someone turns, her surroundings washed out by sunlight.
now, someone struts through the casino, flanked by an entourage of gorgeous women.
someone shuts the door, then steps over to the couch.
now in a kitchen, little someone opens a nearly empty cupboard.
they gaze into the chamber which is filled to electric wiring, other equipment and batteries.
he slides a latch then shoves open the heavy door.
she takes someone's hand and they hold each other's gaze for a moment.
he moves the cursor down the desktop photo of someone and someone to a row of icons at the bottom.
inside, the officers lock someone inside a holding cell and remove his handcuffs through the bars.
where a girl turns to show a text to a friend at a desk behind her.
in his pit, someone the gorilla glances up.
then smacks a dancer's rear.
he looks over to see someone, dressed in a plum-colored robe,
they change the name on someone's dressing room and paint over the huge poster of him.
listening, someone covers her mouth.
he notices someone's test which boasts a perfect score.
he lifts the lid to reveal a writhing tangle of intertwined snakes.
he casts the flotation device out into the water with all his might.
she kisses his cheek.
lowering her thoughtful eyes, someone puffs her cheeks out then exhales.
someone hammers pegs out of the stocks, freeing the man.
now, two men with bunker shields enter the bank followed by the rest of the police.
the flaming skeleton waits as bullets fly in.
someone closes a bound book, and tosses his glasses on it.
she counts up several windows,
someone doffs his glasses and beams.
the soldiers place someone and someone in adjacent thick glass holding cells.
a covering on the creatures eyes slides upward.
someone site in the driver's seat watching a stuffed grizzly bear swing from the rear view mirror.
he gives his head a stunned shake.
and goes back to someone.
he sees blond across the parking lot exchanging a small plastic bag for money with a scowling bully.
nonchalant air and strolls up to the handrail overlooking the terminals ground floor.
the girl rides a horse.
she sways sensually and the artist gives a longing look.
he kicks over a large wooden barrel.
someone sits with the carrots lying next to her.
his hands shoved in his pockets.
inside, as the instructor watches his pupil, someone's face pops up in the window behind him.
her mother gives a gentle push.
at a dock, a henchman clasps hands with heinrich and helps him disembark off a fishing boat.
a caretaker removes a tray from the table in front of the blank faced man.
he lifts the typewriter off the desk and sets it aside.
keeping his head down, he wipes his eyes and continues across the bridge.
someone gives a stoic nod, then turns away,
gray ooze drips off the container as he sets it down on a work surface.
they climb a fire escape.
someone dumps his 3d glasses.
another, "is this food scale your new best friend?"
he watches as she breaks into a goofy giddy dance.
now, he sits in his office over a load of paperwork.
someone appear and someone casts them across the lab to search for the someone
someone slumps forward, his hands loosely gripping the wheel.
later she sits against a wall as someone rotates a large crank.
her mouth drops open as she peers inside.
in the hearing room, someone tries to unplug the video screen as a video of him and the pilot wearing an armored suit plays.
now, she works it off of him as he bends over.
as someone lands back on the hood, his foe flings him off.
pausing by a table, he crouches and picks something up off the spotless floor.
ms. white turns and exits wearing a satisfied smile as she buttons her black jacket.
the kidnapper screeches to a halt in an empty parking lot and marches to the trunk.
now, someone spies his car in a nearby parking lot.
someone buries his face in her shoulder.
someone stands framed by the square entrance to a dark mine.
someone honks her horn.
now, in a dress shirt and slacks, someone joins his friends at the bar.
someone slams down the sound systems control deck.
laying the board flat, he paints a thin layer of glue along the crack with a small applicator.
as he comes outside, angel smirks.
someone slumps regretfully then puts his arms around her.
lord someone stares downward, picks up his glasses, then lifts his gaze thoughtfully to the boys before him.
someone angrily looks away, his jaw clenching in a defiant expression.
at the swimming pool, rain pelts the concrete patio.
he punches at the top of each rep.
someone stacks the various dioramas into a pyramid and places a mouse flying a kite on the top.
someone hangs up his coat.
someone continues glumly down the train.
someone grimly switches off his helmet lamp, so does someone.
gazing intently at someone, someone touches his temple.
beyond an overturned wagon, men try to put out a fire.
he reaches for his pocket.
she glances back at someone
that his sword lodged at the end of its wired wrapped hilt, an octagonal belongings.
someone fires a handgun at the bulletproof window.
within a circular blue graphic, a three-dimensional intergalactic map appears.
at the cathedral entrance, someone stands between someone and a balding man.
as annabelle talks into her handheld recorder, someone nibbles a pencil-thin breadstick.
the facial frame lifts, and he slams forward landing face down in the dirt.
coming car while holding up one hand.
as the boy breaks free, they all rush to pin him down.
mist rises around the custodians as they drift close together.
then glances up and smiles.
someone strides over.
gilded bed in his neglected room, someone works at a laptop.
smiling he collects his belongings.
someone shifts her skeptical gaze.
he gives someone a brochure.
he's had enough.
the shark-bite survivor pensively touches the instrument then picks it up.
she descends a set of steps, then joins the colorfully dressed dancers.
a waitress presents a tray of lotus flowers to them.
from the sidelines, master someone tensely looks on.
at the front desk, the woman returns someone's driver's license.
someone reads an engraving.
she holds out the fluffy white pomeranian.
someone turns around,
someone rips off someone's mask, throws down the disguise, and backs away.
now in a park, men and women relax in and around a small pavilion.
the blonde attorney and someone beside her both get up.
he's chalked architectural firms names on his wall.
someone leans her face close to the glass peering through.
she kicks the door.
nearby, someone stabs a bare chested giant with a dagger.
six foot urns bookend the door and a grand staircase leads to a second story.
it dangles limp from his fingers.
the stagehands struggle with the ropes.
onscreen a mustached man kisses a woman.
looking on, someone discreetly works through ropes binding his wrists.
now, someone pulls up to a building with polly.
he wipes his eyes and blinks.
real lobsters float downward.
a stagehand wearing a cap drops lobsters into a tank.
the attendant at the reception desk has it on his small tv.
pushing more canvas back, someone squints as bright sun blankets his face.
her statuesque features, sullen.
in a museum, someone's father furrows his brow as he studies a mechanical model of a large sphere with orbiting satellites.
the two outlaws peek back at them.
leaning on someone, the man obeys with effort.
his descending foot kicks someone, knocking him to the mat.
she feeds a stray cat.
she shimmies sexily as he runs his hands down her body.
someone turns over his shoulder to meet her gaze.
the teacher arrives.
the goateed man stands.
one of someone's bound feet gets out below her blanket, its bandage is stained with blood.
shaking his head, someone takes out his earphones.
someone uncomfortably arches her brows, then gives a sad blink and gazes at the ceiling.
someone empties a white sack.
on a stage in new york city, someone holds a motorcycle holding three singing women over his head as a long chorus line performs high kicks in front of him.
she pours cleaning solutions into a trashcan.
web pages appear.
he fills a mini hot air balloon made out of a blowfish.
grinning as she glides away.
the bubbly someone crouches beside him.
someone and his men arrive.
he cuts the donkey's rope and sets it
the woman looks up from her paper and smiles at him.
the woman's smile falls as someone stands.
he innocently holds a box of famous amos cookies over his privates.
later they hike barefoot across stones in the creek.
rounding a corner, the armored truck barrels toward the blast point.
she looks down and pulls up the front of her dress.
someone joins him, her dark-lashed eyes blinking forlornly.
now, someone cuts off her shirt, stripping her down to her bra.
someone taps him.
with an icy glare, he gives someone ping a perfunctory bow.
a passing soldier nods to him.
she chases him down the stair
in the stands, someone waves someone over, and someone's mother takes a seat between the girl and someone.
his fingers move to the buttons on her top.
the tip of her scissors stop a few inches away.
if he's unable to return, the fighting someone win by default.
the dancers on the tables swing their arms and flip their hair.
as she closes the door, her brothers pile into the backseat with her.
they hover outside, withdrawing from the window-framed
on his way to a cab, someone receives the photo.
he plays the file.
she finds someone at his desk packing supplies.
someone hops down from the car and sprints after them with a methodical gait.
someone gives a shrug of the hand.
now, someone and three other women sit at the side of a river beating wet clothes with clubs.
a dozen teens, each hold a white rose.
as he leans his head toward her raised skirts, a sickened scowl overtakes someone's face and she plunges a dagger into the back of his neck.
as someone arrives nearby it catches her reflection.
now silhouetted against the moonlit ocean, a pod of dolphins leap from the water.
now, at another castle, words appear.
flanked by guards, someone waits outside as someone stands in the command center doorway.
now with their torches held out, the climbers take careful steps shuffling across muddy ground.
someone gasps, realizing someone's in the apartment.
she fondles them with an appraising frown.
he places his hand over his father's hand.
nearby, someone stands behind a half door and puts on a nametag.
someone pulls the slide of a band member's trombone, and poses with someone.
later, lying belly down on his surfboard, he paddles out in the steel gray sea.
someone steps in and faces the huddle of terrified young recruit
nervously pursing his lips.
someone stares at someone with perplexed eyes, and he meets her gaze solemnly.
someone spreads his hands apart.
someone puts his bandaged hand to his mouth, as tears flow down his face,
a white pickup arrives, its bed loaded with rowdy young surfers.
someone walks down to see him.
we peer through the windshield as the car rocks precariously.
someone aims at his father's head.
sliding it aside, someone lifts her face to the bright sunlight and squints.
someone eyeballs him, then faces their children.
she finds a stack of orange and white note cards.
the gods obediently take their seats in a semi-circle of white chairs.
someone holds her close.
he grabs a six-pack of coke then spots a bottle of vodka.
she glances over her shoulder at the little boy.
someone smiles at someone and goes after someone, someone, someone and the muellers.
jonathan leans back and lights a fat joint.
he picks up a syringe and injects the needle into her vein.
a large falcon lands on someone's arm.
as someone elbows someone in the gut and escapes, someone recalls his insecure past.
as someone approaches, someone throws punches into her dad's hand.
in the exam area, they seize a struggling someone.
someone carries a deer over his shoulders.
someone notices more monks surrounding their group.
the young woman glances at her companion, and with a grin, shakes her head of short red hair.
someone, someone, and someone sprint through the burning wreckage as cars continue to pile up.
he awkwardly climbs through the window and falls over a workbench onto the floor.
he shakes his head and the socket reverts to human form.
he knits his brow.
someone grabs a product.
his features mostly hidden in shadow, someone stares at the american with a knitted brow.
someone uses the pole to ram someone backward through a glass partition.
as she makes a selection on the overhead screen, the alien's four tentacles spread open and it moves its head.
someone's eyes widen and he stands.
someone takes the time with a smile.
someone keeps her gaze on the floor.
someone narrows her eyes and our view of her fragments.
the american officer looks on.
staying by someone's side, someone lowers his emotional gaze.
the teen climbs aboard just as the predator reaches his rafts outer spokes.
he tosses some to someone.
the chief peers across the lower window and sees someone's bald head.
the rider snaps the chains, slinging the devil into the ground.
sitting close to her aunt, someone notices an antique slipper the size of a small child's foot.
someone buys a waist-high tire.
in chicago, someone grimly lowers the phone and shifts his troubled gaze.
his gaze lands on the incantus.
he leans over a sketchbook with a pen and adds to a drawing which includes a horned cyclops wearing a party hat.
someone struggles to pull up his girdle.
he steps back, his hands on his hips and regards it shrewdly as his troubled student stands nearby.
someone runs out.
staring at the dog, she remembers a butterfly soaring over someone's head in a pavilion filled with lush vegetation.
someone lies down in front of the fire and pets a wolf hound lying next to him.
someone takes someone's arm and scampers out with him.
he crouches down and ties it around a thick root.
someone hangs onto the door frame and tries futilely to pull himself into his family's quarters.
his face shining with sweat.
she blinks back tears.
she frowns as he coldly approaches.
the unmasked boy sits beside his disguised father.
as the king strides off the boys exchange smirks then chase after him.
now, as someone trains a horse in a muddy field, words appear.
at the end of the red carpet, a security guard blocks her path.
someone and someone get down on the ground and peer down the deep hole.
someone crouches and pretends to flex his arm muscles.
someone pops up.
he storms off.
he marches to a phone on one of the long tables and picks it up.
he swings gently as his feet grip the model tightly.
later, wearing a white tunic,
someone sits and crosses his legs.
someone stares at him for a moment then backs out of the room and closes the door.
as someone passes out of sight, the wronged husband dashes toward the hedge line.
as someone peeks over the counter, a gun points at the back of his head.
someone leaves the platform, briefly facing mr.
a wall of small filing drawers stands in disarray and the smattering of papers litters the floor.
on the studio floor, the delivery guy brings someone a massive bouquet.
a smartly dressed someone sits on the bonnet of his car waiting outside the hospital,
in the principal's office the young man slings his backpack to the floor.
someone sits at the kitchen table.
coco looks at someone.
the rider appears to be a black bear and the second horse has a dead body draped over it.
he brushes his fingers over her hair,
someone tosses a bag to someone.
someone carefully closes the door and hurries after them.
they kiss sweetly.
the bright light streaming out of the pod flickers.
it reaches the summit of the tree-lined road and rolls to a stop.
someone absent-mindedly thumbs the pages of a book.
the stranger starts to wander off.
a figure steps out from behind a thicket with his back to her.
later they sit on the overturned lifeboat.
it swerves off the road and hits a fire hydrant, knocking it from it base.
as he sneezes, the pilot's head bobs, dropping dangerously close to a red control button.
then goes back to staring listlessly out the window.
arms burst through the wood and hug him from behind.
an elegant buxom brunette answers the door with a warm smile.
someone holds a gun to someone's
someone, completely fed up, sits in a booth as someone lurches through his karaoke performance.
her cute butt mesmerizes someone.
an arabic man exits a plane.
turning, someone spots her and smiles.
he sips his wine.
someone watches the foreman pace a few feet away.
someone shifts, his hands resting on the table.
then retrieves it.
now in bed, gerry rocks slightly on top of someone, grimacing with his eyes closed.
someone scales a wall and lands in a muddy flowerbed.
while another counts 4 minutes in 30-second increments.
it shatters on the garden's tiled ground.
with a thumbs-up, someone strides out.
pulling her closer, someone kisses her brow.
someone moves away and little someone's shoulders sag.
she throws down more pillows until only a few remain.
someone wrings her hands as she watches someone.
looking for hook-up.
the man glances at rogers' medical form.
someone glumly comes out of the rehearsal room.
someone and the other boys peer through the glass at the soldiers.
she pauses to get her bearings, then hustles across the street, chomping down a hot dog as she goes.
she works on his chain mail sleeve.
soft lighting illuminates someone's face.
someone enters the home and his host extends a hand.
the player eyes the boy sheepishly, then smiles.
at his desk, someone reaches for a button.
he turns on a radio.
someone kneels beside him and sets a sandwich on his other side.
someone stares unblinking.
stopping in front of the someone orchid, he picks it up and squints as he examines it.
crouching, she turns on an electric tattoo needle.
a cheerleading squad practices nearby waving green and white pom-poms.
she flinches and shifts away from him.
with her eyes closed, she leans on the sink.
the cop shakes her hand.
as someone flees the room, he shoots an mp.
now, phoenix pledges stand in the cold.
they point skyward.
someone helps her grandmother into the pink jacket.
golden sunlight shines on its sleek exterior, reflecting the snow-covered ground bordering the woods.
his smile fades as he notices someone.
now, sipping tea in her kitchen,
someone sighs and drums his laptop.
clutching her drink, someone wanders the party and sighs.
someone pulls someone away.
he picks up one gear and compares it to a drawing,
someone steps closer, his eyes fixed on the undercover agent.
behind the glass of a large frame, wooden block letters spell out "kikila".
someone bites a carrot stick.
he lifts his gaze to a boy.
she withdraws into the apartment, shutting the doors.
someone ushers the blonde agent into the now vacant room.
as someone eyes him squarely, someone deflects the order with a brotherly smirk.
multiple copies of the same book sit in stacks around his computer, which displays a porn site.
someone runs down a steamy corridor filled with pipes.
our view drifts past storm clouds to four towering pillars stationed around a stone booth on a platform.
she picks up a nearby cellphone displaying a new message alert and holds it to her ear.
she presses a button and the doors part.
without turning, he nods.
someone looks up at lasky who appears to sink away.
at the tournament, someone wears the white jacket from someone.
near a rusted out wreck across the lot
as the boxers face off, someone hits below the waist.
outside, a van pulls into the estate and stops in front of the mansion.
his body clock indicates a transfer of time into his body and he leaves the car.
the mouse scuttles over the counter in a figure-eight, rears up on a spring and peers at someone, forms another figure-eight, and peers at someone,
with snow steadily falling, someone stands alone in the white courtyard.
in slow motion, someone's flaming costco id card, which bears his photo, rises into the night sky.
the ship's jets rotate downward.
he gives someone a frenzied look.
later, medics wheel someone to an ambulance.
he shyly walks her to their apartments entrance.
someone picks up his glass.
the smitten security guard watches someone go.
separated by a few dozen yards, the leader of the warriors, a grey bearded man wearing a helmet with twisting horns,
on the ship, sir someone tied to the mast jerks back his head.
someone does the same.
sighing, someone turns away.
the man takes out a giant syringe.
our view shifts down behind someone to the surgical scissors protruding from his lower back.
creeping to the living room, she pauses in a doorway to pick up a pair of boots.
the boy sits in front of someone on the gas tank with his legs draped over the handlebars.
someone lies on his side with his arms around someone.
someone shifts his weight and grimaces.
holding the phone to her ear.
she takes someone's gun.
he produces a candy bar.
someone wears a huge smile as someone drags him over the soaking lawn.
her eyes widen as she swallows some food.
no students raise their hands.
someone gazes around the room.
he reaches someone who grimaces in pain.
a lone rider approaches the cabin.
clad in a bathrobe, he stares ahead with a haunted expression.
climbs into the air duct, and pulls up the vent cover.
then shrinks to a pinpoint as we drift among two petrified monks left permanently kneeling in prayer.
someone lays one hand on the head of a crying woman.
he gives an embarrassed shrug.
they each head past it and arrive backstage, where performers ready delicate paper puppets.
finds a makeshift electronic device on his desk.
the two men peer around themselves as the tower trembles.
someone puts his fingers in his ears.
he chokes himself then opens and closes one hand like a jabbering mouth.
someone's pained gaze lingers on someone, then she leaves.
someone faces dr.
wind rustles its leaves.
someone steps out of the cabin of the blue boat wearing a wetsuit.
someone raises her brow thoughtfully and nods.
the young artist sits concentrating, shading a shirt collar under the worried face.
as the foot grows long and wide, things protrude from under the skin, which turns blue.
a satisfied smile spreads across someone's face.
someone's shorthaired friend stands.
across the station, the station inspector lifts his head.
a bear floats off a top shelf.
he curls up in a cushioned chair.
later, he uses a phone.
someone comes down barefooted, swigging champagne from the bottle.
the man falls to the floor.
someone sews the duck, binding it around the stuffing.
planting his palms on the floor.
someone presents a large graphic art canvas, featuring a rider on a horse.
climbing on board, someone removes his mask and faces his breathless protege.
as a crouched sniper keeps a bead on the iraqi men from 100 yards off, fellow soldiers creep across the street.
he casts his earnest gaze upward.
the couch swats at his reaching hand.
with a clenched jaw, someone faces someone who glares out at him from behind her father's shoulder.
someone grins, completely entranced.
they stare at each other, unmoving.
inside, a young female teller hurries to someone and they head back down the stairs.
our view hovers over him and spins slowly as we descend upon him.
and has a bullet belt around his waist.
someone shines his light on the apparent corpses.
a large spiny, fish rapidly cuts through the ocean and leaps out, landing in the boat.
a soldier pins the mustached man.
a poster featuring a man with spiky bleached hair gives the name, "drake stone."
flashback show time passing.
the someone slips in just as the door shuts.
with a nod, the man hands it over to the defeated boy.
someone glares angrily.
now as we travel along a strip of casinos, words appear: las vegas, nevada.
someone shifts his gaze to a bench seat against a wall.
she drops her cell and rummages through a drawer.
his neck rips apart, beheading him as he touches down.
rushes to an elderly man on the floor and checks his pulse.
stopping near the end.
someone gives someone an enthusiastic hug.
someone shifts his aim.
someone gets up and jumps on the bed.
he takes the newspaper from her.
she gives a resigned shrug.
she gives him an uneasy look, then extends her arm.
someone is having a candle lit dinner with someone.
meanwhile, police officers mingle at a bar.
the captivated younger fairies gape.
someone swings a pulse whip which wraps around someone's suit.
now, someone slumps miserably as he drives down a street lined with quaint storefronts.
taps his throat and shudders, then shrugs.
the bearded man narrows his eyes as he stares after someone.
someone places a level atop the section of tubing propped up by the shield.
in the pub, a dart bounces off the board.
they pass a trembling customer.
men in sofas and armchairs fix their attention on the decommissioned boxer.
posted cameras monitor the neighborhood.
the sweaty security guard takes out a revolver and holds it up.
someone glances around, then hurriedly lowers the lingerie.
they pull someone's jacket off.
someone speeds around a curve and faces someone, who swings the whips.
he pulls away.
she holds up the sword and hangs her head.
someone places a covered cage on a table.
now a military grade helicopter flies out at a night time mission.
he gravely steps forward, accepting the weapon.
the roadster speeds along a winding road built into a cliff face as ocean waves crash below.
someone grabs his cane and blasts him backwards.
the mascot mocks him, rubbing his eyes.
two dayton residents spot him
hoover motions for someone to take his place at the mic.
someone turns into the cave, and takes in its ridged high-rising walls.
his friends leave.
the writer gazes at the mild mannered older man.
later, portraits show someone and someone.
now at home, someone packs papers into a large accordion file.
propped against a brick wall, and steals it.
the bespectacled mutant steps out of the shadows to reveal his pale-blue face framed by a coat of blue fur.
lying on the ground, someone opens his eyes.
now in a downtown high-rise, someone and someone sit in a waiting room.
inhaling, he wipes the tear away.
he palms the camera.
the young man scans the chamber walls.
as the vehicle stops, someone stares desperately.
someone sneaks the balloon into his palm.
as she drives off, our view rises to glimpse the reception tent across the pond.
the aging couple lies back on the bed in a warm embrace.
the magnificent tiger stops a foot away.
he finds the redhead squatting in the kitchen.
someone whispers to someone, then hurls the hammer into the tunnel after his son.
someone answers his phone.
she smiles quizzically.
a skinny body with long limbs in a gleaming dark gray exoskeleton wriggles out of the hole and onto the floor.
dark-smudged pencil work creates gloomy shading around both figures.
as someone catches his breath, the older man regards him gravely.
dozens of notices for missing pets filled the entire board.
someone enters with her gun raised.
as someone lies dying, his lips move.
then walks down the bank and wades into the pond as well.
someone sits in the passenger seat of someone's car, as he drives and drinks his beer.
the bearded supplier readies a launcher then spots the wheel above him.
onset, a stage manager reads out words to someone and someone.
as he walks pass the the crowd,
he pulls back the rug and peeks through a hole in the floorboards for a partial view of the floor below.
she climbs into her silver mercedes.
turning, he faces a door with a port hole.
as he reaches the end of the bar, one of the clockwork's gears snaps.
someone speeds off.
reaching a bed piled high with stuffed animals, he sits on its edge and sets someone on his lap.
glancing between the tiger and the bait, he cautiously slides it onto the spear.
the convertible speeds away.
wearing a determined expression, he turns away.
it includes a photo of someone.
now, someone shoots a fire
someone's glare softens into a stunned gape and he lowers his weapon.
meanwhile, someone races doggedly down a sidewalk, dodging other pedestrians.
as she goes, ravel watches the monitors.
someone bows and mouths, "thank you."
a baby bjorn baby sling box shows a couple beaming at each other.
someone looks back and forth between mort and the women with folded arms.
limps away, shielding himself against an onslaught of bullets.
someone and a man both go for it.
they both disappear, then land on the beach.
a clean-cut blonde man in a suit holds her gaze.
someone averts his gaze from hers as he gets milk from the fridge.
someone sees him go.
straightens his jacket and throws one last punch in the direction of the club.
someone, with a concerned look, watches the next wave curl over a group of surfers as they paddle up its face.
she moves the primate's hand and touches his knee.
someone gets out and faces the stables.
gets out of the car.
inside a crowded living room, a middle-aged man lights a cigarette.
the play begins.
someone reflects.
he steps up to someone, his grayed haired mother and kisses her on the forehead.
someone retrieves a jewelry box from a plastic bag containing cash and passports.
someone fires his pistol behind himself as he rounds a corner.
he points to his schematic of the cave.
he takes the someone mouse from his shirt pocket and stares at it
scanning his desolate surroundings, he passes an abandoned hatchback.
the grey bearded warrior thrusts his spear against the frost giant kings throat.
someone leans wearily against a rock and faces someone.
someone pushes past his men and grabs someone's arm.
they turn in a circle.
someone tilts his head tenderly.
and shifts around in his oxford shoes then steps off.
from a distance, we see someone and someone
they get up and leave the buffet car.
in a nearby recruitment booth, a man steps in front of a mirror which shows his reflected face on a body of a soldier.
a well-dressed man standing over the corpse meets their gaze.
someone gazes at agent someone, then stands and leafs through a stack of documents.
she tries to take some candy but he snatches it away.
the frenchman smirks and steps to someone's side and gestures toward the forest.
they pass a sign that reads "ocean outrigger club".
he takes off the glasses.
later, someone kneads his jacket in his lap.
she takes a seat.
a door slides shut and she mouths i love you through its window.
someone loses his grip on the lines and the lifeboat plummets to the sea.
he beams at her.
he moves to someone's side.
someone hits him.
bringing up an email account he finds several messages from cooldeets88.
that night, someone and someone look down at a cabin lodged into a muddy hillside.
later in the dark, he reclines in his seat and shuts his eyes.
the gangsters get out of the car and bang against doorways spaced along the long wall.
someone swipes at the boy as the suv swerves wildly then fishtails.
someone storms out of someone' office.
then finally slides his body.
wears a fuchsia pink sari.
he presses her against a shelf.
meanwhile, someone opens a dresser drawer, takes out her taser and stuffs it in her back pocket.
riding a scooter.
he fires, but the rocket shoots out of the back of the launcher.
now, he enters the large house, allowing sunlight to filter through the screen door into the unlit living room.
a child with a scarred cheek raises his hand.
the bridal party moves on without someone, who stands among the guests.
she puts the joint to his lips.
someone fires his guns over his shoulder and behind his back.
someone and his comrade join the crowd and see the queen holding the fallen monarch's battle crown.
he sets his rebreather backpack.
someone surreptitiously packs the urn in a canvas bag.
he enters to find someone destroying the store.
falsworth tosses someone his shield.
the photographers snap pictures.
as her shots hit a gunman, others take cover.
now, a man in a blue suit hurries through lush green woods with a someone gun.
as someone lets go of his spoon, someone grabs hold of his hand and rests her cheek against it.
while his partner straps someone's neck and cuffs him to the pole, someone holds him at gun point.
as someone pushes visor back up, someone stirs.
it depicts someone in a cowardly scream.
now, someone faces the bars in the back of his cell.
someone smacks the lip of the wave, glides back down, and cross-steps up the board.
someone stands below, hands on her hips.
the bird poises its rear above someone's face.
on a platform, someone waits next to someone, holding yellow flowers.
they both succumbed to the plague.
he pulls himself up onto the catwalk and looks back at someone on the opposite side.
he pushes his chair back from the desk and rises.
one man grabs a phone.
they each grab a shoulder.
the cops step on someone's discarded fake nose as they races from the sweet.
someone looks up at someone who nods.
someone lies still under the bed.
one of their boots lifts from the soft dirt revealing worms wriggling about.
she give the third girl her last board.
they get to their feet.
three sworn sisters in jintian have promised to love me as i am.
someone leads a young woman to someone.
he flips through its pages, glances around himself, then closes it.
someone backs out with his hands up.
holding a microphone someone leans against the wall.
someone vanishes in a flash of gold light.
he returns his gaze to the window.
he allows a faint smile and shifts his gaze.
someone leans forward.
flinging herself at him, someone seizes his face and plants a passionate kiss on his lips.
he heads over.
someone regards her with a disapproving smirk.
she limps over to the med pod and positions herself on the upright table under a curved scanner.
the two surveillance teams watch from the cia.
someone stares up at the video scoreboard, which shows an instant replay of him running from his opponent.
she sets down her glass and studies her phone and turns to the short man.
later the ship steams out of the harbor and into the ocean.
he stares with hardened eyes.
someone produces a flame from his fingertips.
at twilight, the truck splashes through puddles as it progresses down a narrow uneven alley.
now, a golf ball sits on a bed of tall grass.
now onboard the ship.
facing her, someone takes in her drunken grin.
someone watches her from a short distance away.
someone's mouth drops open as he turns toward his four friends standing outside the labs glass entrance.
he imagines someone on roller skates.
his brow furrowed, someone lowers his remorseful gaze.
his father pushes him behind his back.
someone tilts his head and grins.
later, he opens a window and pulls the sheer curtains closed.
she faces a handful of students.
he backhands someone.
someone follows their gaze to a clip from wild things.
inside, someone exits a freight elevator.
someone notices a small rectangular case hanging from someone's shoulder.
at night, the guys follow someone to his front door.
on a couch, someone lies asleep.
farmer someone shuts the cart and eyes a piglet.
the three students swap looks.
his gaze wistful, he clicks the remote.
he lifts the bra.
someone takes a package out of his jacket.
standing at the prow of the ship, someone winslet looks out over the water.
kissing with increasing passion.
he turns on the cockpit control panel.
he vomits on the floor.
the giant knocks someone's sword out of his hand.
he undoes a button of his shirt, then hangs his head with his eyes half closed.
someone looks up from the ledge below.
now, someone' body floats against the decompression chamber outer wall.
behind her, a neighbor steps out of an apartment with his dog.
a brown lumpy sofa with duct taped cushions
someone glares at someone, then turns away.
an approaching bmw sports a pizza joint sign on its.
in the lobby, someone faces the concierge.
in the present, she joins someone in a booth at a bar.
someone removes her earrings, her back to the bedroom.
he takes two steps toward someone and tilts his head
shaking his head, someone returns to his back, his hand pressed to his son's cheek.
looking on, someone smiles admiringly.
she thrusts the dildo out of view.
as our view tilts downward and glides over the asphalt, we glimpse two of the unconscious thugs.
someone wills the flames down to the level of his wrist,
someone attentively folds her hands.
each has a fast food drink.
someone shuts her eyes and sobs.
a platform raises him up again.
he carries drinks.
someone opens a holding tank.
someone wears scaly armor as someone slams him with a piece of metal.
he pours more wine.
someone closes the front door and walks slowly into the apartment with patterned wallpaper,
someone opens the basement door.
a stunned someone arches her brow.
someone falls on her face.
he guides her to a bank of pay phones and picks up a receiver.
dirty dishes, bottles, and jars clutter the counter top and stove.
annoyed, someone gets up from the table.
he unhooks it then tosses it on the steaming engine.
now in a morgue, a body bag lies on a slab.
painting her toenails, she sings to a dog on her bed, then paints the dog's nails.
someone pauses, staring hungrily.
now someone plays an acoustic guitar in her room.
he reads a sign above the barn door.
a balding man tows a cart to the cottage.
someone yanks the knife out of his hand.
now, he enters his room, throws down his purse, and rushes into a bathroom.
moving to a box of books he picks up a children's paperback and flips through it.
a rising sun crests the chicago skyline.
as shots pierce his chest, the bullet holes glow.
carrying flashlights, they scramble out of the truck.
turning on the spot as rain begins to fall upon the fields.
he looks away from her and grabs his coat.
the sheriff parallels someone as she plows.
the woman leaves the note with someone and heads off.
someone flips his cellphone shut and hands it over.
he stares after someone.
smirking, someone strides out of the room.
someone nervously rubs his face.
on a baseball field two teams warm up.
the chauffeur shoots him a look in the rear view mirror.
someone shuffles back toward their truck.
in the cockpit, someone watches the car approach on a monitor.
later they run from a liquor store with carts full of beer and booze.
he addresses a bunker guard.
someone whops him.
the u.s. president kisses his wife then treads forward and tenderly lays his hand on the casket.
someone wakes up in the cinema.
under the shack, someone shuts a hatch below the open trapdoor and climbs down.
a snake is curled around one of the tree's roots.
as she heads to her desk, a mustached man watches her shapely bottom.
he gazes down at the noble woman who smiles at him serenely.
he drops it aside with a smirk, then glances up toward the
on a large sign, have a great someone.
someone sips booze from a bottle.
in the cockpit, someone inserts the canister containing the blue energy source into a large mechanism, then climbs into the pilot's seat.
someone calmly stands inside.
on his way out, he switches off the lights.
he faces someone and takes a breath.
someone locks eyes with someone, then barrels forward.
someone and the smirking someone exchange glances.
someone glances over his shoulder then trades a look with someone.
someone turns a red knob in the sidecar.
from below, someone climbs up on her hood.
he escorts them into a luxurious living environment.
he partially unfolds the paper then holds it out to someone.
now, capsules fall onto pavement littered with broken glass as the ghetto citizens drain the capsule's time into their bodies.
he peeks out and finds someone crouched behind a rifle on a neighboring balcony.
she smiles at him then snaps off the tops of a handful of posies.
someone sits up excitedly as the concert begins.
on the 11th floor, a swat officer slips a snake camera under a door while agent someone watches its video monitor.
he leans in too close.
then lifts her bloodstained shirt to reveal a gunshot wound at the top of her hip.
he pitches off the window.
grinning, the boy sets the trophy before his mother, then turns and locates his beaming teacher.
now, a massive cylindrical tank in a steel cage with wheels, hangs beneath the helicopter as it cruises toward the sprawling facility.
she slides the paper closer and he turns.
someone faces someone then delivers a fast right hook.
he holds out his gloved hand.
reaching into a cabinet, someone hurls cotton balls at her then toilet paper.
someone takes a step closer.
then whips off the first cup.
in the hive, someone faces her trainees.
they scatter among bones on the ground.
the scene freezes in a photo.
someone meets her gaze reluctantly.
she grabs someone as he walks away.
someone opens his eyes.
as she pulls him in and starts to dance he sits again.
the narrator turns on his wipers to keep him at bay, then finishes reloading and shoots him in the shoulder.
she stands tensely, her shoulders hunched and her fists clenched at her sides.
across the room, someone sits alone.
she slathers her hair.
someone and someone pick off frenchmen.
on stage, someone kneels a few feet away from someone,
now someone cracks an egg.
someone arches his back then slumps.
people walk along train station platforms.
she barges into the bedroom.
the alien obeys, and someone sets the can down.
an ambulance pulls up to the archways of an ancient amphitheater's outer wall.
he comes out of the bar
perched on the bed's footboard, someone avoids his gaze.
cradling someone in his arms, someone hangs his head.
at his desk, the young surfer pulls out the cigar box and turns on a lamp.
fleeing, someone rushes up a stairwell.
he freely snaps his phone shut.
someone blinks, then looks over his shoulder.
now, at a god hates fags anti-gay activist group rally.
someone's suit fires the gatling gun at someone, who maneuvers through the sky.
his friends redecorate.
they split up.
someone turns her head and finds her mother watching compassionately from a few feet away.
now our view follow someone as he weaves through traffic o0n his blue scooter.
later, they haul someone outside.
someone responds with a forgiving nod.
now at school, someone arrives at a classroom door colorfully labeled science.
looking over her shoulder, she finds someone chaining her ankles to the footboard.
behind them, someone enters someone's living room.
lights glow behind window blinds.
at a sink piled high with dirty dishes,
she storms past him and disappears down the front steps, leaving him alone on the porch.
someone sits in the back of a taxi with a tense brow staring at scribbled notes about his son's arrest.
hefting her over one shoulder, someone notices the cellphone in her back pocket.
he meets her disapproving gaze.
the girls rush to hug her.
on the river bank, a cooks serves oysters and wine to a man in a black and gold tunic.
someone checks his rearview again.
then rests her cheek against them and closes her eyes.
they float about a mile from the urban coastline.
glancing at someone, he pulls up his scalp fitted hood.
someone speeds out of the facility in the car as more explosions tear through the compound.
the manish woman spots her brother.
hiding behind a corner, someone peeks around at the sealed interrogation room doors.
blue scales ripple over the figure in a wave as the stranger reveals her true form.
she walks into the sports bar and scans the patrons as she slowly makes her way toward the front.
someone pauses and shifts her gaze.
as someone moves up beside her she flails and kicks desperately.
from the reception, mrs. thornton notices the exchange.
the promoter starts the projector again, playing the reel forward.
a waitress hands them glasses of water.
riding shotgun, someone stares out his window broodingly.
he winks at her.
now outside, he cuts across a grove of leafless trees beside a river.
later, leslie spins past someone and makes a shot.
someone checks the back as someone hot wires the engine.
dangling from one of the upper most branches of a tree is a hanged man.
the men pay someone.
as someone does the dancer's hair, the blonde approaches.
the doorman eyes departing patrons.
someone slides backward, landing at a wave that buoys him back on the boat again.
later, they slow dance.
someone smiles gratefully and leaves.
someone gets out of the car and walks over to him.
outside, she glances over her shoulder and smiles at him, then continues away.
the two doctors swap nods.
digging deeper in the satchel, she pulls out a dark gray garment.
is guarding a grand entryway.
his car's break lights blink on and he pulls away.
the mustached senator looks director hoover in the eye.
someone falls off the horse and tumbles down the face of the bluff.
someone lifts a tablet, reading the levels of radiation.
someone strides through someone's home, toting his skateboard.
someone notices them jumping up and down as he feeds the model a spoonful of chocolate.
a bespectacled man sits.
someone steps up and helps his groggy subject out of the apparatus.
on a nearby court boys shoot baskets.
one zombie breaks the glass of a back door's small window.
someone eyes someone then returns his attention to the book.
at a dressing table, someone faces a mirror as she backcombs her hair.
as he goes to open it, he notices the note he received with the gift basket of sheets.
it's piled waist high.
she looks over her shoulder at him but finds no one.
a cluster of guards waits outside one as someone climbs out.
fire trucks pull up
someone fetches the water.
he stops when he reaches a platform outside the large window of the upper floor apartment.
someone opens the door and someone steps inside as someone shifts his weight in the driveway.
now someone steps off of an elevator and crosses a hallway, with his hand shoved in his pockets.
the team runs after the giant ghostly figures.
watching from a parked suv, someone raises a cell phone to his ear.
someone flings a second whip, which wraps around iron man and jerks him through the air.
he resumes climbing.
the suv rams the hatchback against a wall.
as someone leads someone over, the girl enters and drops to her knees.
someone shakes his hand.
his father stops eating and faces his wife who returns an amused smile.
someone steps away, picks up a skimmer, and scoops some of the leaves out.
he casually sips from a mug.
mitts come together.
the man tumbles from his horse, cracking his head against a rock in a shower of blood.
someone is but a tiny speck far below on the plain.
meanwhile, someone lies in bed staring at a framed photo of himself with his mother.
someone takes her drink.
someone and angel stop dancing.
the teen nods off again.
now, at weis time lenders, a pretty woman faces a teller.
poseidon extends his arm and they shake hands while sharing an amicable stare.
daytime, they burst into the bullpen.
she leans on the wall.
slowly, she turns and walks away with the bread.
with the music, someone pushes his door.
she strides over to the front doors and knocks on the glass.
the needle on a meter indicating reactor-energy state falls.
someone shifts her weight, lips parted.
bursting through a door, someone staggers on to the roof.
as someone pulls away, their noses graze and their lips linger an inch apart.
meanwhile, someone exhales a puff of thick smoke.
as someone drives the journalist over the grounds of an estate.
forcing a smile, someone takes the ring box and gets on one knee.
beast averts his gaze.
someone gives an impassive look.
he unties his bathrobe.
in the apartment, someone drops a jacket on a chair and carries a stack of mail to a coffee table.
owner an alluring woman with wavy auburn hair emerges.
as the dean gapes, someone narrows her eyes.
he sees a biker gang.
brilliant light washes over their faces and blanches the screen to pure white.
the stocky fairy pantomimes flying.
someone elbows her attacker's knee and grabs for his gun.
grabbing her violin case, she rushes off.
as someone eats with her hands, her father leans over the table and kiss his wife.
someone holds it up and faces it critically.
turning, someone sees the lifeboat and staggers over the someone littered ground.
we fade to a black and white snapshot of sister she holds in her hands.
fluid impresses someone
someone braces herself on the headboard, digs her feet into the comforter, and makes her downward facing body as stiff as a board.
a hovering spray bottle sprays someone's face.
digging into a pocket, he pulls out a flash drive and hands it over.
closing his mouth, someone someone wiggles his nose and lip at the dangling morsel.
she quickly bounced.
the cook reaches behind the counter and puts a morsel of parsley on the plate.
commandeered rifle and moves.
the remaining thugs pelt it with bullets.
red flowers blossom on the bodhi tree.
someone springs awake, grabs his someone gun, and goes to a window.
across the table, her husband shakes sauce off a round dumpling and bites into it.
a ginger tabby steps out.
they pass a street sign.
smoke shoots into an ancient ossuary piled with human
someone urges a penguin back to reveal her egg.
taking a deep breath, she sticks a finger down her throat.
he compares the woman in the window to someone's picture, then someone's.
someone sets down the bag, then checks items dangling from a shelf.
someone gets a text from someone reading, hallway now.
in hedestad, as it snows, outdoor lamps gleam along the island bridges crossbeams.
someone saves someone from an arrow.
near the entrance, he gravely takes in the crowd of journalists.
the wallet snaps back and smacks him in the face.
someone and someone enter the lobby and stroll toward the front desk.
inside, lands - they knock heads - cut to black.
someone runs to the edge of the platform and peers toward a train approaching in the distance.
now someone highlights a question in someone's book,
someone eyes little someone who lets out a breath.
as it fades, they see ghost rider's horizontal body rotating three feet above the ground.
using the end of his gun, someone pushes open the ajar door and peers into a dark room.
she smiles at him nervously.
ghost rider lifts him off the ground.
someone shifts his gaze then nods understandingly.
all around the amphitheater, posted floodlights explode.
later, the guys head for the exit.
clasping his hands.
her friends restrain her.
someone finishes packing a box.
graffiti covers its walls and bars protect its windows.
as he offers the woman a paper, her dog bites him.
her backup singers beam.
someone glances at someone as they walk side by side through the park.
taking a deep breath, she takes out the photo which depicts someone before his transformation, just a skinny kid from brooklyn.
he types up a paper citing the thoreau's civil disobedience.
light reflects off his glistening face.
finding the door to the last stall closed, she walks over.
he smacks someone upside the head, lifts him from his chair, and throws him down.
as someone steps further in, she shuts the door.
later, someone and his team run through the forest while bombs explode around them.
downstairs, someone puts on a silver iron man suit.
sitting on the edge of the stage, someone crosses her legs.
the young man grabs a teen's throat.
someone kicks him down and swing, but someone grabs the ax once more.
they walk a snowy arctic ridge.
she looks at him directly.
the other penguins run over.
inside, someone sits slumped on the scratch-o-matic seat.
back on asgard, someone, someone, someone, someone and someone gather in a chamber with a large pile of burning rocks in the middle.
someone walks over to someone.
the big guy challenges someone who eyes him with calm distaste and sips his drink.
someone closes and latches the zoo's gates, locking him inside.
the suv hits a column and explodes.
he grabs the kid with the broom, throws him to the ground,
across the room, a circular metal casing houses a triangular core.
someone tosses her pack.
someone wanders over, pretending to browse.
someone puts another item on the checkout counter.
someone follows someone.
standing on the pavement outside the bar.
the truck explodes and chicken feathers fly into the beetle.
he hurries past someone to the door.
he flips to another page then stares at his fingernail.
someone tries again and his paper ball goes in.
he makes it over to holloway and helps him pull someone back into a recess made by the forked landing strut.
he hops on the couch, then grabs a magazine from a coffee table and starts to read.
now, he arrives at a harshly lit doorway where a sign overhead reads beer/wine.
baby face throws him down.
they shut the trunk.
gaining confidence, he builds speed until the ax spins in a blur.
he shuts his eyes, spreads his arms wide, and falls backward.
someone sits on a chair and buttons a suit jacket.
she gently strokes his face then pulls back with a weak smile.
someone sets it down before her on a coffee table.
he leans down and kisses her.
the dog sniffs around the vehicle and someone leads a soldier to the truck's rear.
the boys walk up as someone unfolds it.
they round a corner out of the offices and walk along a wall of vertical bars.
she straddles him.
someone points to his head.
a plunging case nearly strikes someone.
a handsome toned bartender in eyeliner and a bowler hat leans toward the blonde.
someone tucks the envelope in his jacket and pays the man, who leaves.
the teen grabs the rodent.
he pries at it with a knife.
someone sends someone rolling over a table then throws a knife into a leather chair by someone's head.
later, soldiers load cargo into vehicles as someone reads his letter.
now a banner bears a logo, the x games.
matveyev follows, flanked by his security.
now, the childs' wood paneled station wagon drives over a bridge.
now, words label a two-story colonial house - cambridge, massachusetts.
someone sets the gum in its palm.
as she holds them out to the groggy boxer, he grabs her arm and pulls her in for a kiss.
on the mannequin's other side, someone inches away from the target.
someone sits with someone and their families.
looking up from the essay, someone watches her closely.
he runs after her.
inside two men weave rugs.
the blonde beauty grins joyfully and gives him a playful splash.
as a player charges someone, someone starts over, then reads a message on the scoreboard.
someone barrels aside, then hacks through its neck.
rolling his eyes, someone returns his gaze to the ceiling.
someone gives him a sharp look.
the agent fires back, then drops the blonde man's body and runs to his father.
he tenderly slides up her sleeve.
someone goes outside.
he tosses down a sandwich.
someone notices someone.
as he trudges out of the room, someone rests a hand on someone's shoulder.
one lifts a leg higher than the singer's head.
someone shuffles off.
a female zombie emerges from behind the pumps.
on a trailer of a passing semi with a hard bounce.
someone approaches a worker.
in her bedroom someone puts on an oversized t-shirt.
as someone stops, someone and someone pull up in someone's convertible.
someone turns to someone, who stares agog at him.
inside, a skeleton grips a crystalline cube measuring about six inches per side.
her coworker stands and stares with her gaze fixed ahead.
the young boy gives it a firm shake and his father proudly pats his cheek.
someone winces, squeezing his eyes shut, then lifts his head.
he anchors the tool firmly around a moss covered root.
now a website shows a grinning cartoon logo.
the men ride off on horseback leaving someone alone with someone.
someone slouches defeatedly.
he pulls someone out of his car.
a few cows stand in their way.
inside, someone and his dad cautiously move down a corridor.
she talks to the producer in the corridor.
holding up the shot, he gives a firm nod, then stands and heads out of the room.
someone waves a hand signal to his son.
he throws dust in the faces of all the family members.
someone removes his hand from a vishnu figure and presses his palms together in christian prayer.
as he tries to shake the fire out, the pearl slips from his grasp.
on another wall, a drawing of a fan sits below writing in images detailing chinese tradition.
arriving at a door, he takes out his keys before noticing that it's ajar.
now as we peer down a hallway's polished floor, we find a portly bespectacled man marching toward us, a briefcase in hand.
in the recording, the leader walks over to the pilot and crouches to face him.
the archer bows his head, then looks back to the cross.
someone wavers on her feet, her breath coming in ragged gasps.
he glances at someone and they cautiously advance.
someone pours more liquor into her glass.
finds herself standing on the destroyer's chest.
nighttime, someone and someone raid the fridge someone joins them.
quickly regaining his balance, he observes racked silver billiard balls and a cue rolling across a blue felt table.
a red dot shines on the forehead of someone's mask emanating from someone's laser path.
the gangsters keep their guns on someone, situated low in the ditch before their leader.
she extends his arm.
he rests his hand on his knee, then pats the bed.
writhing before him, someone presses a hand over his left eye.
a girl enters a dormitory.
he shoots the drone, destroying it.
rotating inches above a translucent cone-shaped face the image fades.
the oblivious man's gaze remains locked on his coin.
as someone grabs her stuff, someone self-consciously looks away.
someone rushes up some stairs, then stops on a landing, and watches the wolves advance past the man entering the apartment building.
someone steps out, leaving someone to retake her test.
someone brings someone over to the table.
staying close together, the warriors make their way over uneven shelves of fractured ice.
he jumps to his feet and shoots up into the air.
later, they gaze at the still water.
in one photograph, the shadowy figure of a man drifts inside surging storm currents.
on the sidelines, his corrupt teacher maintains a cool smirk.
someone walks little blackie away from the cave, pulling someone and someone up on the rope.
they all leap back as dr.
the kind-faced counselor strokes someone's arm.
someone looks at her supple breasts.
words appear, "four months later."
someone crosses the hallway toward her family.
he throws the alien child a candy.
high above them, red-eyed someone, the king of the giant someones, sits upon a thrown of black stone.
someone, someone, someone, and someone approach the building and peer inside through the glass-paneled rollaway door.
someone runs through a corridor.
she fastidiously wipes at his pants.
she wipes his lip and licks her finger.
out of sight in the trees, he drags her to her feet and they continue.
someone rises and starts out of the room, then whirls around.
the frustrated father glances aside, then meets someone's steady gaze.
someone tightens her rosebud lips, then locks eyes with her former lover.
as someone, someone, and someone watch eagerly, mr.someone guides his wife closest to someone.
now in his home office, someone unlocks his desk drawer.
someone puts his hand up and she slides her tongue between his fingers.
takes a long sip of coffee.
now he stumbles down the hall, leaning against a wall for support.
as the van passes between two posts,
it lights up and its sections move.
now, someone drives a golf cart with the tire in back.
as the bird tilts his head curiously, someone minimizes the recipe window.
someone watches woundedly as they climb into the cab, then lowers her heartbroken gaze.
someone yanks his sunglasses off and squats, then wipes the corner of his mouth and massages his upper lip.
he grabs a chain from his bag, hurls it at someone, then wraps it around his neck.
someone looks on mournfully.
the orange team fumbles their way through a warmup game of catch.
in a college classroom someone writes thoughtfully.
he takes the shower curtain with him, yanking it from the rod.
she smashes off a wing mirror then breaks the passenger's window before breaking the headlights and pounding the bonnet with a barrier pole.
someone uncovers his bike.
in full armor, someone and king someone ride out to meet someone and his companions.
he tosses three miniature bottles as he grabs the spiked orange juice.
coming close, someone lays down on her stomach.
several fans covered in writing sit on an open bundle of plain white cloth.
someone extends an oar to her and she climbs aboard.
crossing a row of street vendors he notices a five foot tall stuffed penguin standing at the end.
they walk past the doctor.
someone turns and gawks as someone leaves a nearby building.
someone stares, stunned, then opens a rear door.
taking shelter behind them, timekeepers aim their weapons over the hoods.
someone lowers his gaze from the natural skylight and notices a weathered military vehicle sitting below it.
someone shuts her mouth in a tight someone while someone closes his eyes and smells the contents of the wardrobe.
the penguin bites his hand.
now, he works in a metropolitan office.
reaching under his cot,
a teammate returns to the bench and someone skates out.
they pause, shining their lights in either direction.
someone sits across from him.
his attention fixed on a holographic video before him.
a wave sends a blast of spray into his face.
it shows a saucer-like jet at its perimeter.
meanwhile, someone and some men take off in an suv
he puffs on a cigarette.
the jeep spins to a sidelong halt within inches of the sheer drop.
someone and someone jump on the bed and smack the wall.
he walks out the door.
with his eyes closed, someone's head hangs to the side.
they clasp each other's wrists.
she holds the ball between her feet and jumps.
he stamps it and hands it back.
someone lies, staring at the ceiling.
he lays it on the desk, then takes a pen from a holder and writes the word, dear in the upper left hand corner.
he holds his mother's gaze.
someone gazes at the screen with a boyish smirk.
stands and someone yanks him back into his seat.
a bearded man with gray hair shuffles to meet him.
he scoots in closer on the piano bench.
someone irritably shifts her gaze, then glares at him and yanks on her coat.
the news vendor - a rotund man wearing glasses and a beret - approaches the woman.
a female officer leads someone away as she glares at someone.
a barge carrying a depiction of vishnu floats passed someone's mother.
fans rise from their seats.
she regards her friend compassionately, her eyes glistening.
she shoves the cake at him.
the faceless guardian made of ribbed armor, the destroyer, steps forward.
friar turns as someone arrives and faces a second clergyman.
wearing a nightgown, someone gazes at the automaton, which sits across the room from him.
hands cuffed behind her.
outside, someone yanks the bald thugs weapon away and runs toward the building.
someone averts her regretful gaze.
someone poses for a photograph with the boy, then hugs him.
someone watches, captivated man.
the man strides off.
he thrusts the electric guitar into someone's hands.
someone faces someone and shakes his head, then collects the pieces of his guitar.
as someone and the two teen thugs trade expert fighting moves, someone twirls his hand stylistically.
someone whips of his suit coat and loosens his tie.
someone barges in knocking someone aside.
hiking through bamboo stalks, she leads the group up another incline.
rewound footage of the lobby shows someone at the bank slip kiosk.
a guard fires at their vehicle.
now, he swipes an employee key card in an elevator's control panel.
facing someone, she grimly works her lips and folds her long arms.
at the side, someone sits up fearfully.
she leans back.
leaning across someone, someone draws a character on the dusty window.
outside the dome the four researchers find only the atvs.
as someone and someone look on, a head rises into view and peeks above the leafy branches.
looking back, she heads across the testing area.
later, he juggles four balls.
they share a loving kiss and he carries her toward the house.
someone tries to stab his attacker, but the vampire clutches his wrist.
someone shakes his head gazing off.
someone raises his hands.
someone shows a glittery sign to her webcam.
her wounded smile fades, and she looks to the ceiling.
sitting on her bed, someone gazes out a window as she plays her ukulele.
in the arena, the announcer holds a trophy.
someone lies clutching his chest.
the father sits back on his knees.
staring with dazed eyes, someone sinks into a chair.
his head and feet propped up on its armrests.
he crouches then inspects someone's hidden bag.
he switches on a shadeless lamp then gestures to a wall.
he holds someone from behind, guiding her stance.
entering the building, the blonde makes her way down a dim wood-paneled hall.
he briefly veers into the opposite lane toward oncoming traffic.
someone carefully pins a surfing poster over his maverick's chart.
lifting his brow he nods earnestly.
he sidesteps.
someone stops playing a concertina and approaches a pinging red dot on the map.
she bites her lip hard.
their eyes meet.
they drop their rifles.
grabs him in a choke hold and aims a gun at gilbert.
someone scans a script.
morning, dressed for work, someone uses tongs to put a waffle on a plate with some bacon.
she leads him across the dance floor.
her eyes shift thoughtfully as she rinses the plate and looks out a window.
someone lies on the mat and someone stretches over his stomach.
a regal chipped frame displays a photo of a little girl with golden hair.
someone's jaw hangs slack.
a sign near its entrance reads millennium.
and someone gets in next to him.
having the same characteristics as gerry, the puppet looks from someone to gerry and back again.
someone waves his hands and the casket vanishes.
as he starts a drawing, someone glances across the office towards him.
holding someone' gaze, someone gives a mild shrug.
someone flinches, then lowers his bloody right hand.
someone sits on someone's lap.
from the shore, her female friend pouts beside someone, who sullenly watches the couple.
she reads a text.
he kisses the inside of her wrist and wraps his hand around hers.
the bridesmaids gather around someone for a group hug.
next to it, he finds the cartier box and the huge diamond ring inside it.
resting his head on his hand, he looks to the curtain.
she sees someone performing, then someone waiting tables.
an egg begins to hatch.
he gives her a white cotton glove.
at the airport someone lowers her gaze then smiles at someone again.
one of the sleeping man clutches a rat.
on a rooftop across the street from the lab, shield agents use binoculars and listening equipment.
someone and someone sit astride a branch above, holding someone's veil.
one of someone's friends discreetly passes over an hfs wafer.
they face each other on the dance floor.
someone slides the typewriter's carriage repeatedly.
clobbered with a rifle butt, someone hits the ground.
now the near-full moon looms bright over a few
the machine spurts clear fluid past his face, while the screen flickers behind him.
someone takes one of the inspectors' wallets.
someone gets in a humvee.
someone blocks the van, and someone slams on the brakes.
he tickles her and she jumps.
she discreetly brushes her hair over her face as she crosses the polished floor.
someone stops someone.
someone turns away, then back-flips off his one good leg.
on the ground, someone stops the suv by the lake.
nodding, she glances around, then looks over the counter.
using the computer screen in his helmet, someone targets someone.
the boy raises his head, his eyes bloodshot with black irises.
she looks at needle marks in sister's arm.
she bites a piece of toast.
his wing hits someone.
someone aims a fire extinguisher.
someone runs a spatula around the edge of the saucepan in which he has cooked the frittata.
someone drops his bags.
kneeling, he lays it on someone's chest as his companions look on.
she looks right at the camera with a twinkle in his eye.
silhouetted by bright lights, sakharin strides down a section of broken crane toward him.
someone gazes into his empty vault.
striding out of the bridge, she enters the adjacent living room and office area.
as someone swivels in her chair, the girl suddenly appears beside her in puritan attire.
later, someone and her escort stride down a jet way.
the two trade deft punches and kicks, each expertly blocking the other.
she links her arm in his.
now as a subway train moves through the tunnel, a uniform clad someone slips out onto a catwalk above it.
alfred a. knopf, incorporated, special delivery.
it snaps his arm like a twig.
stepping outside, he pauses and massages his right palm.
now in the general store, someone reads a book.
the portly man flips on the lights and finds someone asleep, sprawled across a leather loveseat.
someone kicks free then unleashes a flurry of attacks.
he lifts it and the seats descend the tower.
wearing a t-shirt that reads "free licks," someone looks down at the sandwich, then takes an enormous bite.
clutching a present, someone goes inside.
clutching his rifle like a walking stick and holding a gloved hand to his injured chest,
someone glares at his opponent.
watching him, someone notices his stricken gaze as he looks away.
the one in front removes his hood revealing tattooed writing covering his face and bald scalp.
holographic screens blink on above the front stations, each offering individualized data.
next, it shows someone versus the mohawk boy, named someone ping.
someone and someone run side-by-side, and someone drops his gun as they take a flying leap out of the window.
someone stands on the catwalk, using someone's ring.
he lights her cigarette.
he holds up the number.
someone looks away, leaning back in his seat.
she slides her feet into them.
the announcer finds a 20.
someone shifts in her seat to face him and leans forward.
several orphans climb down from the roof.
someone shifts his gaze to an open door straight away and sees a rocket flying right at him.
someone touches his cheek.
in shorts and a tank top someone bends over to clear some clutter.
as the recruits race down a hall, soldiers stop them.
someone looks at the table again, and someone follows his tense gaze.
in the passenger's seat, someone reloads his handgun.
he drops the egg and shoves off on his board.
he shifts angrily in his seat.
reaching his suv, he ends the call and gets in.
a cd reads, brads super awesome party mix.
and traps him in her sights.
someone creeps out from his shelter.
the setting sun casts long shadows over the sand.
someone parks at a curb and gets out.
he peers at someone up the length of a golf club.
someone glares at him, glances at the plate, and leaves with an indignant sneer.
someone makes adjustments to the video camera.
someone strokes her friend's shoulder.
as the family heads down to them,
someone opens the case and removes the ship.
glaring, someone withdraws his hand and faces someone.
trembling, someone grabs his grappling tool and sticks it in the large fish.
four electrical wall outlets sink the rising water
rejoining someone, someone wraps his arms around her.
someone smirks back at someone.
he runs and looks back.
he pulls a dart from his neck.
he flops back on his pillow.
he rushes an opponent.
now the truck's headlights switch on and the vehicle pulls out of its spot.
someone steps out into a hall and peers towards a doorway.
the butcher slurps down his tea in one gulp.
someone and the first mate someone leave the radio room.
someone folds his arms and stares at someone as he walks away.
he sets him on the couch.
as the blond girl tries to walk abreast of him, someone ignores her.
some boys watch excitedly as the bikini-clad someone poses with a pink surfboard for a professional photographer.
meanwhile, someone enters his apartment, flips on a lamp, and sets down his belongings.
glancing at him, someone stomps to the chair.
inside, someone walks off while someone and pepper step into a restaurant.
read the letters of the shakespearean line jumble on the chalkboard.
later, they face a three-story victorian style house with a wrap-around porch.
a forward leaning pose radiates from the back of the flash mob.
craning his neck, someone looks down at the road and sees soldiers guarding a roadblock up ahead.
someone's clock shows three and a half minutes left.
someone frowns and raises an eyebrow at his mother.
someone jogs up to the promoter.
a view down a chimney shows someone huddled at the bottom, rocking slightly with her hand clapped over her mouth.
he opens the door for the little one to go out.
someone rests his hands on his chair back.
the man runs up to them.
she gives an unnerved look.
someone pulls his sword out of his cane.
the rugged man chases his target to the roof's edge where the young man leaps off.
archers arrive.
a breeze ruffles loose strands of her hair.
horses at a cross roads between fields.
they clap along as they converse.
she presents a folded paper to the girl.
acting like a dog, she crawls across the floor.
the surrounding acolytes recoil as he draws near, his face a swirl of flames.
now the truck stops before a modest home with a bushy tree in the front yard.
someone digs her phone out of her bra.
someone bows his head slightly and nods.
someone sticks her head out a window.
inside, someone works at a soundboard.
he flips switches activating lights and computers across the bridge.
a car speeds toward the bus.
the crowd looks over.
someone hikes along a grassy ridge towards someone, and sneaks down behind her.
on the far side of the square, a policeman pulls up on a motorcycle.
now, a door opens to reveal someone wearing a chicago cubs sweatshirt and a sporty ponytail.
oblivious to his observers, he straightens and fires a series of furious punches and kicks at the air.
someone moves with her, his face buried in her hair.
someone touches a crystal spike.
carrying the pillow, she walks to someone, kneels down beside him, and removes the ice pack from his knee.
she kneels and peeks underneath.
she looks up at someone with glistening eyes.
someone steps into his mother's room.
sitting between them, someone notices their identical mannerisms.
the sheriff lifts his head and gazes around himself then takes a few steps toward the road.
the five-piece band plays in the cafe as the boy leaps over a bench and upsets a dining table.
someone steps up to the microphone.
as someone crawls under barbed wire during training, hodge kicks out a post, tangling someone in the wire.
someone and someone swap looks.
shielding her face, she shoots blindly.
someone nudges someone and points to a photograph of the author.
in class someone wears sunglasses.
as someone gets the coffee pot his wife bites into a strip of bacon.
someone grabs a busboy.
as the engineer climbs onto the gunner chair, we glimpse someone's motionless face in profile.
as he wheels it away, someone, someone and rodrigo
carrying a vase of pink flowers, someone steps into a retirement home cafeteria, where people wear mexican themed apparel.
his skull charred and smoking.
leaping to his feet, he takes his flashlight out of his backpack and shines it across the cemetery onto a shed.
the bespectacled kid wipes out.
the army and navy drones march through the still crowded arena.
she sits on the bed and he shrugs, challenging her.
they tap cups and finish their drinks.
soon they touch tummies and their heads nestle cheek to cheek.
now, as panicked bystanders flee, a camera tries to follow the movements of a body as it smashes through a billboard, then bounces between two buildings.
someone leans over and inspects the back wall of the locker.
someone closes the apartment door behind him.
the trio moves forward, provocatively swaying their hips with each snap.
someone sits at her desk working a recorder's controls.
the teen's eyes light up.
as an agent stands by, two female operators work an adjacent switchboard.
her brown eyes find us and she gives a pretty smile.
someone stares out a window inside.
the sisters separate.
now, lying on his stomach, he paddles out.
now, in their drab basement apartment, someone sits in an armchair sewing a shirt.
he throws glitter in someone's eyes.
two robed figures stepped through an archway.
someone hesitantly rolls over and leans her head over the edge of the bed.
someone gazes at a photo of a bearded man.
the front wall collapses, knocking the goateed man down.
someone stands alone nearby, with protesters marching behind him.
now, someone reads the repeated line, full police report not digitized.
spraying the wall with bullets and blood.
standing at the top, he scans the area contemplatively.
someone purses his lips in annoyance.
as she leaves, someone frowns to himself.
she scurries to her apartment door where she slides a hidden key from the frame.
the ousted cfo smiles.
someone sits nude in the tub.
now, at a buffet table, someone scoops up a spoonful of caviar and sniffs it.
later someone sits in the living room.
then lowers his eyes as his brother turns away.
she points to the tiny head and shoulders just before they disappear again in an oncoming surge.
she scowls at him.
someone accelerates.
she holds a crystal on her necklace.
as he wraps the necklace around her neck, someone snaps off the fake plasticky pearls she's wearing.
someone pushes someone into a crystal chandelier.
he flippers as she struggles forward.
she cocks her head.
someone aims his rifle.
as she straightens and pockets it, someone drapes a loving arm around her shoulder.
the criminal leads her around the vault to another office.
she touches his bruised jaw
as she sets her hands on the counter, we glimpse the line of staples two inches under her navel.
someone climbs the steps to the scaffold and pulls a control unit off the top of the suit.
inside, the young clerk reads while listening through headphones to a portable cassette player.
he takes out a case containing stuffed mice in evolution of man style poses.
the teen sticks the assignment into a textbook, then returns to his drawing.
he pauses at the split-level.
meanwhile, someone enters the sound booth.
another vat nearby bursts open and the two streams converge.
he falls backward and lands on the girl's lawn.
she sees a deep gash running from between his eyebrows down his right cheek.
someone looks up tearfully from the couch.
she tosses it across the room.
emergency vehicles arrive.
someone unzips a pouch and withdraws a brush.
at home, someone watches someone leave the hearing room on tv.
the colorful chili peppers fly into the air.
later, manhattan skyscrapers rise into the sky beyond an old cursive pepsi cola sign.
someone's right hook hits someone's chin.
he presses an ear to the trunk and listens.
now in the mnu transport, a piqued someone rubs his brow, seated opposite someone and someone.
someone smiles at someone who gives someone a haughty glance on his way to the bar.
he briskly retreats.
furrowing his brow, he opens the book to a pair of skillfully drawn sketches.
pouting, someone flips her father the bird and goes inside.
someone climbs down from the tree.
someone's eyes remain on the egg.
the sober faced teachers stay put as someone gets up from the couch and exits.
as it swings shut behind him, the dark ominous figure stands frozen in a vestibule with an arched entry.
someone holds her tight, closing his eyes.
spinning the big wheel, someone knocks herself unconscious.
the students stand at attention, their arms behind their backs, and their eyes straight ahead.
someone bends his hand then waves dismissively.
she approaches two rows of waiting cabs parked along a curb.
someone assembles a rifle.
she shakes her head.
someone pulls up his hood.
someone joins the girls.
someone shoots from a from a side chute and grabs the falcon.
in a series of fiery poofs, beginning with someone and ending with someone
dancing, she swings her hips from side to side.
someone moves in, slugging someone's head.
beside her, propped on his elbows, belly down, someone watches.
someone goes to the window and sees someone on a riding lawn mower.
someone looks to his left then smiles at the doctor, who smiles back.
she blinks her sad eyes and closes the fan.
with his mouth stretched open, his cheeks jiggle.
someone touches his hand and forehead to someone's chest.
someone lights a string of firecrackers.
someone picks up another medal and approaches someone.
green goo oozes from the wound.
he pulls down someone's visor.
as the ride swings back, it takes out the zombies behind him.
someone smiles as the film ends.
someone turns and wades out of the pond.
someone turns and studies the brochure.
someone lovingly cups someone's face in both hands, and he playfully dodges away.
someone kisses her hand.
someone peers back to the deejay booth.
at a store, he buys a frozen dinner.
a moment later, she opens the front door and steps outside.
a hunky guy with a cross necklace accompanies a boy on guitar.
as the professor leaves someone's desk, someone watches her alertly.
chatting with the commander, someone spots someone peeking around a tent.
as he enters, a staff of employees halt and face him.
someone joins him at the table.
its thick trails of black smoke obscure our view as we follow him up the highway.
she finds the chinese grocery store owner lying in bed.
the teen stares at it with an overwhelmed gaze then ventures closer.
turning, someone smiles fondly at them.
his brow lifted, he eyes the people filling the stands all around him.
the entire craft leaves the sea and rises into the air alongside of the jet.
it reads "look who's arrived.
later, an official approaches someone.
she dons a rubber glove, removes the lid from a pot of boiling water, and takes a lobster out of the bag.
the officer closes the door.
he holds out the jug.
it fits perfectly.
shifting his sad eyes, mr.
wearing their matching jackets, the four guys strut in our direction.
he pushes the tangled boys to the ground.
someone joins a puzzled someone a few steps ahead of him.
she pulls the sheet over the girl's face.
the locomotives wheels spin kicking up sparks.
the man opens his hand, producing a miniature cyclone.
he shoves her away but she wraps the towel around his neck and starts to choke him from behind.
he stands as someone parks.
someone proudly eyes his smoking gun then reverses the suv.
the world is always changing.
someone catches each in the crook of her arm then heaves it into someone's arms.
yielding a smile, the teen goes to the table and sits.
someone turns the page and looks up.
as she gets down from the table, she falls briefly, clutching her abdomen.
for a multiple-choice question he circles the answer, renaissance.
the saboteur thoughtfully slows to a stop.
and approaches someone.
a man with a briefcase shakes the general's hand.
his depiction wears victorian suit.
someone rides away from the battle.
now, the brunette enters a large modern apartment and approaches someone.
one booth holds huge stacks of watermelons.
they collapse on a chair.
last rock and gazes into a dark passageway.
someone lies strapped to a table.
they look under someone's stall.
he finds the monks detaining someone, someone, and someone.
pirates surround sir someone.
the teacher gives a thumbs up.
the sparkler falls into the deep pit and lands on the bottom about 50 yards below.
as someone leaves preston picks up the phone.
as she watches him, someone's absent stare remains ahead.
as someone watches from the bush, someone turns away, but someone grabs her arm and kisses her.
under someone's steady gaze he resignedly scans her id.
someone steps inside and he shuts the door behind her.
pausing, someone looks around helplessly.
the woman kisses her cheek, then glares at someone.
a few jelly fish gracefully open and shut their bells.
someone spots a truck emblazoned with a bald eagle surrounded by stars and stripes.
the flipping pages become an animation of the dragon breathing fire.
both clutching their gyros they step out on a high rooftop overlooking manhattan.
as someone turns the book's pages, more movie images appear.
in the restaurant, someone fights his way out of the restroom and stares at someone.
they hurry over.
the neon letters on the sign flicker, then glow steadily.
someone shuts her eyes and presses her knuckles to her lips.
turning, he finds someone standing nearby in the shadows with her handgun pointed at him.
she chucks it into a refrigerated locker.
as they kiss, she lies back on the floor, pulling him down on top of her.
someone frowns, intrigued.
the art teacher faces someone with a cocked eyebrow.
facing someone again, he finds her staring longingly at him.
his cheeks bulge as he chews hastily.
his burly pecs heave beneath his broad shoulders.
nearby, a big guard intercepts a mother and daughter trying to leave the zoo.
he mimics ferris' gesture, causing someone to chuckle.
the burly bathhouse attendant stops eating and listens with a lifted brow.
she vomits into a bowl.
someone turns, peering into the shadows at the other end of the market.
outside, the car backs up.
someone smiles and places one hand on someone's shoulder.
tv and watches james franco on general hospital.
she pauses by a window and gazed outward.
still wearing the uniform, someone arrives at the evacuation hangar.
the frustrated man looks at the book's cover then tosses it on a few others.
he stares desperately.
someone briefly leans closer to him, then swims away.
someone takes out his cell phone and stares at it, waiting.
he kisses him.
she passes a colleague.
someone points quizzically at himself and the fairy nods.
now at the chrysler building, pigeons flutter off the
now they pack.
she pulls a suitcase out of her closet and tosses some clothes into it.
she stands and unbuttons her shirt.
someone grins and someone rubs more of the caps.
now, a man's aging hands hold a document headed "advance healthcare directive".
now he returns to the bathroom and sits on the edge of the tub.
someone lifts his brow persistently.
her hand goes still, as feet appear under the door.
she jogs into the bathroom holding a pillow over her rear and kicks the door shut.
the plank mounded with someones clay scraps sits discarded beside them.
he has messy brown hair and a mustache.
someone beheads one.
now words appear beneath a dock.
the naked woman steps out wrapped in a white sheet.
the lead boy crouches and watches the legionnaires violently rounding up
upstairs, someone enters a room with ashleigh, two other girls and a guy.
he hops onto the rear bumper, clutching the ladder.
someone backs up his crane then swings the arm in a full circle.
today show logo rotates.
kitchen.
shaking the bearded doctor's hand, someone leaves.
her gaze falls on something else in the locker and she tilts her head for a better look.
they both fire.
the twins block his path.
two officers on motorcycles escort a black luxury car along a city street.
he examines a chest-high cylindrical object studded with glowing blue components, then grabs a small device about the size of a cigarette lighter and slips it into his pants pocket.
a dog is licking himself.
someone sits in the chair and pulls down a harness, which engages the seat to move forward to a control station.
he presses a button and the kite lights up.
she lifts a can of mace and sprays a twelfth guard in the eyes as he steps out of a doorway.
someone ducks behind the pillar as he watches the car leave.
the robber skeptically furrows his brow.
terrified eyes fixed on the sky, a tree branch clotheslines him.
someone purses his lips with determination and heads in.
outside, the delta '88 sits parked across the street.
someone's mouth falls open.
someone reaches back and undoes his dress.
boasting strawberry blonde tresses and sultry features, someone puffs a pipe.
someone carries the bolt in one hand and his sword in the other as he lands on the observation deck.
the man pulls on the hammer's handle, but it doesn't budge.
it crawls to the back,
they storms indoors.
someone respectfully returns the bow.
someone dashes down the stairs.
someone shakes her head and looks down at the note in her hands.
someone starts the truck, puts it into reverse, and backs into someone.
a guy shows a picture to the girls.
someone puts on a plumed helmet.
at the water's edge, someone bends at the waist, resting his hands on his legs.
the agent in drag runs outside to find the henchmen about 50 yards away.
now, someone strolls the patio, sipping a glass of red wine.
she tenderly fastens his collar.
inside, office workers flee their desks.
later still, she xs out two more ads for singers and dancers as she continues down the boulevard.
with a sheepish grin she takes the tissues and wipes her cheeks.
standing he gathers their things.
the monk grabs someone's throat and he collapses to his knees, waving his hands in surrender.
a sack in each powerful arm, the butcher leads his family farther on as panicking villagers race past.
the electricity ceases to flow through the frame and whips.
the man turns to look at her.
he joins ms.
her snakes go limp.
the winning student approaches his instructor, his eyes averted.
beside it someone lies on the lounge chair wrapped tightly in a blue shawl curled into a fetal position.
he envisions the cargo ship.
he stops and sniffs the air.
as someone accepts the tender kiss
someone joyfully raises both fists.
she stares at him expressionlessly,
someone checks the time.
as the youngster keeps watch as his cohorts escape.
nuzzling and kissing him.
finds to slide on the others.
moving a box of research materials someone drops some folders and envelopes.
instead of shrinking, someone's head stretches like a balloon.
he jumps toward the canopy bed.
she sets the magazine aside, then bites her lip and shifts her calculating gaze.
someone watches him fall, then snaps back to the beast who now turns his attention on him.
someone doubles over, burying her face in her hands as her husband looks on sympathetically.
she glances up once more then recognizes someone and someone as they leave their fallen enemies behind.
she straightens to a kneeling position and slides his briefs off his waist.
pepper smiles at someone, who turns away.
breathless, she stares up through the narrow cave mouth.
someone, knocking him onto his back.
he stands sharply.
someone lands safely in the pool off a daring back tuck and someone beams.
in a room, the aide uses a radio.
where military transport trucks roll through the center of town.
he chats with the coat check girl.
someone steps closer to someone.
someone takes it from him.
husband.
he takes her glass.
his image blurs then refocuses.
he boldly grabs the front leg of an oncoming horse, flipping the steed on its back.
as they set it down, a lamp falls off the edge.
someone shifts his gaze from someone to lord someone.
a small car skids to a stop, knocking into someone and spilling his trays.
his leg swings into a near-vertical kick and he hits the bell.
he releases the heiress, pounds the car with his fist, and joins his men.
meanwhile hiding against the wall by the stairs, someone peers around the corner and sees a tactical team shuffling pass.
the submarine shakes, but continues through the water as someone and his followers reach an all-white state-of-the-art bridge.
as someone's men fall back, someone watches from the truck.
someone holds out his hand again, cuing the rockets back on course toward the ships.
as he approaches in slow motion, someone nervously stands.
they bump fists.
later, patrons queue up outside a chic bar.
someone lies back on the couch.
her hair blows backwards
he tosses the little boy into the water.
he stands to greet them.
now the sisters board a public bus and pay the fare.
someone follows him into a file room.
the bride grins as she mashes
smirking, he slaps someone's face then leaves.
someone notices the human poseidon watching him from across the street.
as the suv drives off, our view lifts to the atlanta skyline.
now someone is brought before someone.
someone's car, the criminal stares off glumly, then smiles out the window.
then lights holloway's path as he comes in behind her.
the soldier inspects it.
she runs away.
now on a putting green overlooking the ocean.
she moves to the kitchen and finds someone and someone renovating the cabinets.
with a resolute nod she strides up to someone's desk and raps on it.
the sun hangs low in the sky
and goes up to the reception desk.
warm sunlight washes over her face as she drops to her knees in the grass under a towering tree.
she moves closer.
someone turns away.
someone checks his phone.
from a table overlooking the crowd, someone notices someone with someone and harold.
someone's gaze lingers on him as she returns to her bedroom and pushes the door most of the way shut.
he spots someone with someone.
a layered-bob haircut, parted in two pigtails, frames her pixie-like face.
he tearfully clenches his jaw.
now, the van rolls past pedestrians making their way
he stares at his own gloved hands.
someone leaps for it.
wind lifts someone's poufy toupee.
the newcomer removes his shades under the brim of his canvas tarp hat
the american looks to someone.
someone collapses into a seat.
snowy chases the car a little ways, then returns.
now someone rides down a street on a motorcycle and parks.
the propeller slows to a stop then drops off.
he steps closer to someone.
as they hug, someone eyes someone.
strangling a man with his tail, he uses him as a shield against an agent with a gun.
the truck smashes into the building and the door shoots open, someone barely hangs on.
someone and someone look up from the floor.
inside, a lovely blonde in her 40s steps away from her desk and regards him sympathetically.
now in a deserted area, two timekeeper cars speed across another overpass.
as someone waits patiently in the passenger seat, the rear window shows his companion jumping giddily up and down.
grinning, she steps closer.
she nods at her hand which he grasps.
gripping his ax, someone dashes toward someone, who flings him up the street toward the destroyer.
as the criminal locks the door, as second masked robber walks downstairs with a pistol pointed at someone.
he picks up a box.
someone holds one hand to her chest as she watches.
they tap forks.
she turns and looks into the backyard.
someone offers a faint nod.
someone repeatedly slams his back against the seat.
we keep pulling back until our view encompasses the entire clearing, the surrounding forest and the lakeshore, which meanders off into the distance.
drops it on the ground, picks it up, and hangs it.
someone gives a wincing nod.
someone leaves his apartment in a suit.
someone and someone get out.
someone shakes from the strain of lifting the vessel.
someone looks around and finds the cellphone on the bag.
someone winces, then collapses on the grass as raindrops stream down on him.
she sits up again.
the screen displays a flashing message.
someone quickly stands and moves around the raft gazing at a massive school of dolphins.
wearing a leather jacket and a loose scarf around his neck, he plucks a flower from a vase as he heads to someone's table.
grinning after him, someone kisses his fingers, flips off the building with both hands and returns to his suv.
a technician flips a lever.
someone follows and someone trails after them.
sitting beside the general, someone lowers his gaze.
he halts, facing the young soldier.
a printer ejects images of crime scene photos.
someone grabs him into a hug.
coming into the living room, she adjusts the strap of her summery pink dress.
someone has finally fallen asleep on the sofa.
later sal cuts someone's hair in the bathroom.
following their gaze, someone discovers a fiery blast erupting on a far wall.
now, in her kitchen, mrs. wei chops vegetables.
at the cave entrance, someone and someone sit on a raft with the store clerk.
and before he can shoot, someone takes a shot.
he gives her a sly smile.
he uses a handheld video game.
someone smiles as she looks out her window.
with a smoldering gaze, he steps out of the bedroom and approaches someone, then gently brushes her long blonde hair off her shoulder.
someone grips someone's chin and turns his head to look at dozens of lizard-like creatures emerging from niches in the plaza wall.
later someone rides the train home, then writes in her blog.
later, they cross the hotel lobby.
he sweeps his gaze over the area, then climbs back into his vehicle.
someone and the others stare at him.
woodland path.
he locks his eyes on hers.
someone strides off.
as everyone around her jumps up and cheers, someone gives an unimpressed look.
he claps a hand on someone's back.
she fiddles with her tangled hair.
patrons at the nearby tables begin to stare.
the goateed pickpocket steals the inspector's wallet and runs off dragging him by the elastic cord.
she drops down on her knees.
hitting the puddle, someone hawk slides out of control and flies toward someone.
now, wearing a suit, someone drives alone.
they approach two rows of white armored suits standing atop platforms.
bored elsewhere, someone finishes writing the word care next to her course title.
now at the store, someone drops a letter before him.
the boy stares back through the number four.
someone pulls out a chair at the head of their long table.
set in a frown.
day 321 rolls back to day 167.
someone drops the flowers and kisses someone.
changing back into the blonde teen, someone gives someone a heartbroken look.
someone gazes off angrily.
mr. case puts down a newspaper.
a rocket launches from the ship.
the captain leaves his chair.
someone steps out behind someone and squints at him.
someone climbs into her car.
someone pulls himself onto a railing.
the boys sit still.
with the bolt clutched in her hand, someone kneels beside hades.
she smacks her lips and nods.
they descend from someone's patio and move into the center of the courtyard.
a fight breaks out.
sight where the frenchmen busily loot their victims.
now a satellite view zooms out from the cia field office rapidly relocates the los angeles harbor and zooms in.
a gloved hand wearing a chain mail sleeves pats his shoulder.
later in a garage, someone sits across from a gunsmith as he disassembles a someone gun.
now someone eats a bowl of white mush with a spoon.
she smacks him again.
the mascot gestures to cut it out.
she mouths the word "stop", then secretly goes through her purse behind the bed.
the younger inmate punches another guard in his chest.
someone grins as he collapses onto someone's bed.
someone plants his feet staring at the tree trunk.
his flames reignite in a wild blaze as he lifts his skull.
someone runs out and sits beside her.
someone shakes the tambourine overhead.
facing the servants, someone thanks them with a nod.
the couple heads away.
ghost rider slings his chain.
he sips a drink.
sitting in front of a christmas tree, the boy opens presents as the woman puts on her necklace.
someone closes the box and carries it out.
her eyes shift about.
he finds the limo's door.
facing someone.
someone checks an ammo cartridge in the handle of a small switchblade.
someone snorts a line,
now, someone's feet splash in shallow water as they hike into another chamber.
as someone kneels, someone finds an outline of a shotgun printed on top.
she runs back up the red carpet.
someones mother kisses her hand.
she shuts the cabinet,
he writes, fix someone's tree.
woodchips fly from the cut and the tree topples to the ground.
eyeing his reflection in a mirror, he unsnaps the top of his hospital gown, to reveal his bandaged shoulder.
the mastermind puts his arm around him.
she sips wine as she searches.
someone gives a shocked look.
now, he consults with an archivist.
he knocks on a wall.
someone bounces in her seat as she plays the drums and sings.
wearing sweatpants and a hooded sweatshirt, someone runs across a busy road.
now she pours red wine into a stock pot on the stove.
he idly surveys the bar, then peers over his shoulder,
she wraps an arm around him and
he reaches for the door.
someone smiles uncertainly.
someone carries it to his opponent,
staring slack jawed, someone darts away.
outside, he finds only a wealthy young couple.
now in a dining room, someone casually displays a ring on her finger.
he clutches railings at his sides.
on her way out, someone tosses wire cutters down beside him.
a few more boys join someone and his friend.
someone pauses, shifting his weary gaze.
someone appraises the host.
in his living room, someone reads in an armchair while someone sketches nearby.
someone stands outside.
someone lingering on the spot, staring off as he stuffs his hands into his pockets.
and the aid plucks the tiny scroll from the pouch on its leg.
turning, he pulls up onto a sidewalk and parks beneath an overhanging roof at a building's entrance.
later, in his bedroom, someone strips off someone's vest.
his bag topples candles on the coffee table.
they walk over to someone, also on the ground.
the young man picks it up and stares at his name on the front, then flips it over and finds a wax seal over the flap.
he holds a measuring tool to her brow.
the frothy surface seethes around the boat as countless flying fish skip along the water.
she rubs her neck then rests her head in her hand and allows a brief sad smile.
someone buckles and someone's horse goes down.
he wanders off through the dark apartment as she sets up her laptop.
someone waves his arms forward, sending the two cruisers flying back.
the prowler walks up to an open closet door.
someone follows captain someone up a corridor.
now, orderlies wheel someone along on a gurney and someone looks on.
our view widens to show the glittering city scape.
someone's mother beckons someone and kisses his cheek.
then sets down a pen.
her father steps out again.
now, someone's hand gingerly pulls open a large black leather satchel and finds the items within encased in clear plastic bags.
slow at first, then faster, and faster.
someone lying on a bed with a newborn infant.
he sprinkles someone with water from a pitcher.
she takes out her phone and dials.
someone peers out a window and spots an older man exiting the house.
seated in a chair, someone smirks while two of his underlings hold someone on his knees.
someone drops a flashlight, the men turn and stare at him.
outside, someone puts on a bulletproof vest.
but the watch is gone.
he leans on his open window.
someone nudges him with his foot and someone's chest heaves.
she trumps off toward a stairwell.
the thick jawed man kicks over the motorbike.
she blinks sadly.
they each take a swig of the friar's concoction.
smiling someone takes his wife's hand.
in slow-motion a fresh-faced blonde with a sunny smile rides a bicycle through the quad.
the biker gives chase with two gunmen running behind him.
she rests her hand on the sill and peers outside.
someone takes off his water wings.
she taps the bottle on the door frame,
someone turns off the radio.
someone turns and walks away.
the butcher glowers over his bowl as he shovels food into his mouth.
she has long dark hair.
later that night, they pull into a motel parking lot.
kicking his legs, someone keeps hold of the bumper.
later, the book lies open under his finger.
the sorcerer watches closely.
the car backs up, returning to the curb in front of her.
someone stares out of a train window.
pepper and someone ascend a flight of steps into the arena.
someone swaggers to the photo hanging on the wall and stares at it piercingly.
someone glances at his upraised hand, then sets someone on his feet.
she lifts his leg, and places the cushion under it.
he stands and ambles toward the bars.
they dance.
finding his level flooded, he dives into the water and swims.
he hoists up a dirty six foot long surfboard,
day 500 becomes day 1.
someone puts on his scraggly wig and plods ahead like a zombie.
someone slides out a covered metal drawer painted maroon.
someone's eyes rise into view and she peeks inside.
and looks around sadly.
the musician gazes at the cheerful bespectacled boy
by the dim light above his seat, he peruses the documents written in russian.
she pulls the curtains closed.
as someone takes a swig from the wine bottle someone tips the tumbler to his lips and takes a modest sip.
he discards the bug, wipes the utensils off on his thigh, and resumes eating his noodles with them.
facing the video camera, she gives a chuckle.
he takes off his sunglasses and she does the same.
he takes notes.
someone turns back to the window and steps closer.
someone stares into the middle distance and remembers times with someone walking down the street.
gretchen emphatically shrugs a hand.
his mom steps closer.
someone removes a framed picture of someone's beautiful blond sister.
someone shoves someone offstage.
he seizes another in a choke hold
her smile fading, someone gazes downward.
now, a valet holds open a door for mr. case as he enters his spacious study.
in a doctor's examining room, someone crosses her jittery legs.
as his nemesis turns away, the detective's breath fogs the glass.
three rifles hang on a rack by the door.
as they eat, the reporter jots notes.
in the kitchen, someone's glasses show their dancing reflections.
smiling someone dashes off.
clenching his jaw, someone shakes his head, as he continues to toss letters into the flames.
she has a box of tapes.
he beams and holds it out.
someone rushes to his student's side.
now someone sits across from someone at a restaurant.
mama pauses and faces the table gravely.
later, he climbs up someone to reach it.
it side tackles him.
orange signal smoke wafts from the raft as someone waves a different type of flare.
someone holds his own crotch.
her closed eyelids quiver as her head slightly jolts about.
the flames die out.
she tugs at the handcuff then hunkers down and winds up swinging the bag.
someone faces the archer.
they pass a tech stretching an alien
sitting at the desk, he opens a laptop and stares at its screen.
takes a seat.
his five friends all turn and stare at him.
he turns back to someone.
she looks up at a security camera in the corner and snaps her fingers.
behind him, someone bundles up his beaming daughter as someone looks on.
she finds her son sleeping on his back, holding the book over his chest.
someone keeps his suv snug against the truck's side.
outside, snipers keep their guns trained on the bank.
the devilish mutant materializes in the courtyard and kills him with a sword.
in the cottage, someone initiates a slideshow of the parade photos.
lifting the post, someone throws someone through the ceiling and into his bedroom.
someone gives the sign a skeptical look.
quick flashes show someone frowning and the past due notice on the milk bottle.
someone snatches it.
she walks to a car and places the massage table in the trunk.
harvesting a plastic sack of fresh water, someone drinks through a straw.
someone uses the phone.
someone touches a large movie camera.
showing a helmetless engineer stepping up on the disk.
the woman smashes it on someone's head.
beyond it people mingle in a large covered courtyard near a fountain.
the bolts pass through
she sets the water on top then climbs a table and opens an air duct on the ceiling.
they stalk closer, backing someone and the others toward the souls.
someone looks up guiltily.
someone parries the blow and whacks him across his rump.
she watches the incineration.
she pets her shoulder.
now ten hash marks mar the hull off the prow.
his chest heaving, someone continues to stare at the someone, then turns his back to him.
someone stops walking.
someone calmly pauses and turns back.
letting himself fall over the back of the couch, he plops on the cushions.
as someone ambles to a postcard rack behind him, someone sniffs another bottle.
he arrives at the hedge and ducks behind it near the gap.
with a letter in his hand, someone sits on a cot.
she turns on her flashlight and peers at the wall to her right.
later someone walks outside, his briefcase clutched in one hand.
sister sighs and stands up.
then twice more before resuming the wild dance.
as someone trembles, his fingernail comes off.
blossoming mushroom clouds fill the panels, which vanish.
the other sticks her leg straight up along his back.
someone back upstairs.
i cook for sailors not curry eaters.
wearing spectacles, he smiles at the thin boy through a graying mustache.
on a covered patio, a man with thick dark hair and a beard sits across a small table from a younger stubble faced man.
he takes a large bite and chews.
later, elevator doors open and she strides past a reception desk in an upscale office.
boys shack, men build homes.
someone pulls her into his arms.
the wavy haired man rides shotgun.
as the sandy-haired escapee shuts the door, someone puts a handgun to someone's neck.
someone steps around the couch and someone follows.
she picks her way over some jagged rocks, and stands beneath the waterfall.
they view coins on display.
now, we peer out a window.
an image shows his hand laying the cross in hers.
he looks to the right, then back at the tree.
the dark-haired man holds out his hand.
he accelerates.
someone puts the chalk down and resumes his seat.
lightning flashes around the ship.
the woman runs her fingers through his hair as he ends the call.
someone stands nearby.
furrowing his brow, he gives her a baffled look.
someone smiles and mops his brow.
we zip into a classroom where a few students read a text message.
they continue searching as the masked brunette enters.
a countdown shows four hours until the concert.
he leaps down after her.
with an uneasy gaze, she steps away.
the bird nudges it with its beak.
now, someone's watch reads 6:30 as he waits in the doorway of his shed.
he passes a craps table, then comes to a roulette game.
now, kids hold onto a rope as they walk between two chaperones.
someone looks to someone, who gestures forward to show off her own moves.
the two teens hesitantly met each other's gaze.
her database searches briefly, then loads a smiling photo of the kidnapper.
someone finds an abandoned cellphone on the ground and picks it up.
a tall bald man with a white mustache comes over.
he presses his lips to her forehead once again.
someone lies belly-down on his bedroom floor, half-propped on his elbows with his hands folded.
now someone runs laps with someone.
the crab draws closer.
someone touches the slime with his fingers.
a dark-haired guard attacks someone who blocks him then knees him.
someone spreads his arms.
someone lifts both her feet and her upper body dunks up to her chin.
she shakes her head and sighs.
the six inch knife in the ground is almost completely submerged.
a side hatch in the transport rises and someone leads the others out.
he fires one gun then the other but finds them both empty.
his gaze fixes on someone, then drops morosely.
they both climb out.
he steps aside and makes the call.
it leads to a room with a bed set against the far wall.
someone shifts his motorcycle onto only its front wheel.
a dessert box sits on the dashboard.
a statue of a man on horseback stands amidst several city buildings.
someone faces the door.
audience members look on uneasily.
she gratefully accepts it.
someone shakes his head.
he holds a box in one hand and a drink carrier in the other.
someone eats a tiny morsel from a small bowl.
he approaches a wandering someone.
someone gulps back
consulting the business card from her father,
she finds medicine.
miss someone's jaw drops.
she smiles at someone's reflection.
in the crater compound, computer screens flicker as lightning flashes overhead.
lengthening the whips, iron man hurls someone through the air.
candles illuminate the living room and dining area.
someone drops to all fours too.
on screen, a map of the engineer's dna overlaps a human sample.
he finds the garbage bag of cash inside.
someone smiles and furrows her brow.
now, photos of his comatose wife fill a scrapbook.
someone gives a slow nod.
he hurries over to a keyboard and grabs an electric guitar.
nearby, the news vendor carries a wicker basket toward the cafe where the owner sits outside with her small dog in her lap.
someone lifts his brow in an encouraging expression,
he pushes an auditioning kid off stage.
someone smiles boyishly.
someone sits at a desk and picks up jacks book.
she finds someone conked out on her bed.
the criminals reach into their boxes and toss identical plastic wrapped garments to each of the men and women.
he stays alert with the spear in hand.
blond watches as someone playfully splashes someone and swims off.
someone lifts the young man overhead then slams his face through the dock.
someone abruptly faces forward.
someone presses a remote.
someone grooves along from his chair.
someone goes to his posted photographs of the vanger family members.
now they exit to the sidewalk.
she glances at her left forearm as she runs, her face pinched anxiously.
he lowers his gaze to the little girl.
slack jawed, she closes the door as she leaves.
the lawyer averts his gaze.
someone shifts his sheepish gaze.
turning around, he returns to his father's desk and kisses his sunken cheek.
wmaster someone follows his gaze to a poster here a chinese character sits in the center of a gold circle.
she wears a tasseled leather whip at her hip.
grabbing her wrist, he brings the gun to his head.
someone stares, transfixed.
sitting handcuffed in a chair, someone chuckles.
he despondently passes the women.
someone helps people climb over the tree.
lifting a wide hatch.
at the obstacle course, a flat cutout of a cartoony bulldog pops up.
it grabs his ankle, then flings him into a display of vitamin beverages.
someone looks downward.
someone sets down his things and heads outside.
as the car pulls closer to the plane, someone stands and glances at someone.
as he steps along a walkway, his feet slide on the wet flooring.
with his ears pinned back, someone someone takes cover under the canvas.
now, a bit of light sneaks through a round car speaker and lands on the blonde's face.
he holds out a phone.
he goes up and she slaps the ball away.
the cat licks its lips then advances.
the woman looks up as a rocking seems
the mustang rounds a darkened corner and stops halfway through the gate of a chain link fence with an address number on a sign.
they cross the set to a coffee station.
inside, he lightly taps on a door and enters a boxing club.
he sits heavily beside his son, pulls the cork from his tequila bottle, and takes a swig.
he pulls out a pigeon.
jawed someone eyes the large property.
he looks away, then raises his eyebrows.
someone bobs his head.
now in the car as someone drives, someone looks back at someone.
they sip red wine.
someone lunges with a punch, but a hand grabs his wrist.
the run around the corner of a chain link fence and continue behind a solid wall.
as he strides around a corner, she watches him through the windows.
his goateed comrade approaches and someone meets him in the entryway.
someone and someone duck down in their seats and discreetly cover their faces.
later, two doctors host on someone, who's strapped to an exam table.
a wide view shows the high-reaching beam, its glow shifting with someone's hand movements.
he leans toward someone with puckered lips but she gracefully recoils.
inside, someone places a red x beside another on a monthly calendar.
someone reels then resumes his stance.
someone holds a microphone.
someone sits in the backseat, the wind from the open windows blowing against his disheveled hair.
someone hands the napkin to someone, who regards him dubiously.
someone pats his thighs, then throws his arms overhead.
someone types in the address as someone comes out of the bedroom wearing the back brace.
shrugs, and sets down her wine.
he throws someone.
as someone turns and walks away from the farmhouse, the woman continues to gaze after him.
he lifts the top off another one and grins.
as they play, someone kicks someone in the shin.
she steps in past him, halts, then lowers the hood of her raincoat.
pausing, he faces the boat.
someone brings a fresh drink.
as they hug again, someone sniffs her hair.
then resumes work at his desktop computer.
the boy kicks at the bell with improved grace, but still misses.
someone chases them out through a gate.
we watch the agents from afar as they prepare, the lengthy corridor dwarfing their trench-coated forms.
he holds his ear to it,
father and son make hand prints in wet mortar.
now, the bare branches of towering trees sway against the sky.
someone shows the cellphone to someone and her eyes widen.
now traffic passes several evergreens adorned with lights.
the woman looks wearily to the stout gentleman at the dining table.
now, someone and someone open the maybach's trunk, and peruse their stockpile of military grade weaponry.
someone takes someone's handbag.
someone flings an arm and the anchor snaps loose.
someone follows its gaze, peering across the surf.
he removes his cap.
with her head tilted, someone shifts her gaze over his face.
someone stares wide-eyed.
she chases him with it.
sitting up, he notices a bandage on his forearm and another on his bicep.
someone picks up his pocket watch off the nightstand, opens it, and admires a photo of someone on the inside of the cover.
smiling at him, blond moves on.
a woman with similar short hair comes down a staircase, hands someone a large, brown paper bag, and follows her into the apartment.
someone lies near her feet, watching them placidly.
the words training unit stand out on her button up shirt.
someone readies his rifle and pistol.
someone gets whipped cream and strawberries from the fridge.
the boy arrives at center stage and raises his strumming hand to the guitar strings.
the guard on the other side peeks through then unlocks it.
we glimpse ghost rider's skull.
jockeys ride their horses toward the starting gate.
someone pulls out a knife and swings it at someone who kicks him on the face.
the boat's unicorn statue is the last thing to slip beneath the waves.
the bully faces his opponent with a remorseless scowl.
he flaunts championship rings.
someone swings the axe, he hits the trunk and flies through the air and lands in a patch of spiky plants.
he touches the brim of his hat, with a cigarette in his mouth.
inside someone stands by a sleep pod.
in the house someone keeps his gun trained on someone as he ushers him down a dark narrow stairway.
in the study, the agent ducks and faces a bookcase,
on the deck, someone spots someone flying his way and covers his ears.
he abruptly stands upright with his eyes wide, and his mouth slightly agape, then slowly turns to find the knee-high, black and white bird standing behind him.
the women dancing onstage pause to strike various poses, then rush over and form a semicircle around someone, who faces them as they each punch out one hand.
as someone makes her way through the hallway, other teens clear a path and stare at her.
someone watches the husky girlish student back to the dorm, then lowers his binoculars.
releasing it, he drifts back down the corridor and returns to the deck.
the teen shuts her eyes.
she slouches, her left cheek bruised.
someone rolls his shoulder as he and someone face off.
now he cleans a gun.
in the empty ice rink, someone practices but falls.
as someone grins on stage, someone draws someone and someone close, kisses the little girl's head, and points at someone.
as someone stares with astonished eyes, the zoo's patrons give excited looks.
someone gazes into her eyes.
elsewhere someone strolls down a hallway.
later, someone crosses to a window overlooking the city.
someone notices her and beams.
she opens the fan in a shaft of gentle light and reads.
they follow red droplets on the floor.
he hesitates at the door.
someone turns to see someone behind her.
she eyes them while someone buries his face in his shirt sleeve.
someone focuses a blue-tinted spotlight on her.
someone eyes her, swaying, then sets his gun on the nightstand.
through a window in a cluttered kitchen, we watch him arrive at a door where he lets himself in.
she turns away.
the students execute crisp bows.
someone cracks open the door.
the handsome man sips his drink casually.
in the steamy attic, he reattaches the automatons left arm.
he stumbles back on the bed, then gets up.
as the curtain continues to drop, she opens her mouth.
someone watches his son dance for the girls.
he reads l'etranger by albert camus.
the cannon ball tears through a sail and setting it on fire.
someone gives someone a long, eager kiss.
someone opens a window and climbs out.
they take their seats for the outdoor ceremony.
she grimaces, then faces the others at the large table.
someone gives a relieved grin and nods.
someone crosses the room.
back in her room, someone pins up her hair.
the guys play a half court three-on-three game.
someone grins at someone.
flashing light bulbs arc over a gleaming sign,
with his gun in one hand, someone sits on a street corner's curb, scanning the area as someone dials at a pay phone.
she shrugs at him and he mocks her gesture.
back on the road, at an oncoming intersection, someone spots a hitchhiker signaling for a lift.
someone faces her younger sister.
watching his wife's laotong with a gentle gaze.
an eleventh guard rounds a corner.
someone, sporting a chin length someone, parks the car close by and moves to the passenger seat.
our view closes in on her open laptop.
he finds a single notation at the top of his latest essay.
someone and someone head through a door and pull it shut.
wide doors swing open and a guard enters.
another invader swings past on a rope and kicks a man overboard.
outside, the thug makes a call.
another vision shows the capitol building now in ruins amid a destroyed cityscape.
someone turns toward his friends.
he turns his white horse and rides away.
someone lies unconscious under a few swaying elephant toys.
regal middle aged woman wearing a wimple strides down a hallway.
someone sings, smiling through tears.
someone stares at auburn haired someone, then grins tipsily.
someone listens with a gentle gaze, her head tilted to one side.
antonio dashes through the darkened store.
someone takes the surfboard from his son.
she peers down a corridor, then lowers her hand from a concave wall, and shuffles toward a set of rounded doors.
they drag someone across the sand.
a shadow passes over the door.
now zipping up a hooded sweatshirt and wearing someone's ring, he returns
his foot kicks an empty bottle on the floor as he moves into a neglected room scattered with papers, books, and trash.
another tech finds the confiscated alien canister in someone's jacket.
his mouth devouring hers in a passionate kiss.
the blonde man winks at the bejeweled woman, who suppresses a smile and shakes her head slightly.
someone, someone, stark, someone, and others sit around a table at allied headquarters.
he turns to her and she bashes him again.
someone gazes up the wide steps leading to a stately building.
someone glances at the suited men escorting the hotel's patrons.
spins around, and leans his hands on the seat.
with a strange smile, he strolls back into the kitchen where someone looks over.
as he winces, someone throws the pillow at his face.
someone covers her mouth in distress.
sparks fly as someone deflects his blow with a lightning bolt.
ron someone watches awkwardly.
someone gazes after her tearfully, then faces the children with a sobbing breath.
one of the other boys kicks it as it lands, and the third tosses a book at someone.
someone steers the cart in the caddy's direction.
he cranks the volume as someone struggles in the trunk.
he bobs his head.
one of the contortionists passes the doorman a banana between her legs.
someone sprinkles salt into the frittata.
they watch another crusher.
the officer cuffs someone.
later he lies on top of her as their mouths meet in a series of light caresses.
she removes them and scurries to the window, as someone watches with an amused look.
someone glares after the car riding steadily away.
and walks away.
in the morning, someone lies sleeping on the bed, fully dressed.
someone fury steps up and presses the folder to the desktop.
her flesh-and-blood form becomes crystalline like a diamond.
someone peeks outside, and finds someone standing on a lawnmower holding a pair of speakers.
someone lifts his shirt to reveal his lower back.
he catches the feather in his mouth then drops it to his hand.
someone strolls over and hands him a check.
someone picks up the mouse, inserts a key, and winds it up.
and looks deep into her eyes.
he dashes after it.
he lowers the magazine and takes out a subscription insert.
they wear candy striper uniforms.
outside, someone and someone run across a patio, then enter the library through another door.
now, the interrogator returns, shuts the door, and eyes someone.
in a tent office, they view a computer animation of the complex cave system.
she considers him.
someone appears upside down as something stalks him.
she restlessly wipes her nose, and flips on her other side.
he lowers his arm arms and turns partway to the conspirator watching him from the corner
at headquarters, the dog dangles from someone's wing by its teeth.
someone's fleeing companions race just ahead of the collapsing ice, which exposes an immense underground cavern.
now inside someone's mansion, sister rubs her nose while smoking a cigarette.
now, sleeping beneath a white comforter, someone's co-editor awakes alone in bed.
she sets a tote bag and purse on a dining table.
now, someone arrives in a windblown field
simon furrows his brow at her and she gives a little shrug.
someone swings down his empty fist knocking the thug to the deck.
someone still wears his goat-man outfit.
an american flag waves atop a pillar on the distant brooklyn bridge.
later in the pool, someone looks at someone with bloodshot eyes.
his candle blows out.
she smiles and tilts her head.
two older men play ping-pong.
she raises her arms and waves them in unison with the dancers.
she tases him and he faces her with wide eyes.
a burly man wearing a ball cap and brown jacket steps out and jogs down to the craters center, where someone sits embedded in a chunk of rock.
wearing a vulnerable frown, she takes a deep breath.
as someone heads out, someone rolls his eyes.
a shadow shows a figure in a brimmed hat.
find some pigs.
the boys jump up.
surrounded by dolls, rocking horses, musical instruments, and other items, a bearded white-haired man sits behind the counter with his chin propped on one hand.
someone's gaze grows mildly sullen and distant.
she leans toward him.
someone lifts his helmet's face mask.
smiling, she wipes away tears.
he tries to yank it off then glares at it.
as someone strolls through the crowd, he spots the kites.
his fingers hang over the thin door above someone.
he slows, and looks around anxiously, then treads through the kitchen.
they race down a deserted road and approach a building with a sign over the entrance reading simply pawn.
snakes infest the driveway.
she picks up a handgun and fires at the shield.
he lowers himself into a chair.
ahead, a long flat crate lies on a steel table.
someone slides the phone into a dock.
cars and pedestrians take little notice as they bustle past the dirty faced girl in her sullied school uniform.
someone reluctantly shuffles over to the older woman.
he aims the ray at the eye of a statue and it bounces among the reflect
later, he steps out onto a balcony overlooking the historic parade route.
his wedding ring gleams on his finger as his left hand sets up cords on the fret board.
at night, spotlights illuminate the ancient amphitheater as someone's guards walk someone out on stage.
a newspaper photo shows gottfried at a podium.
he takes a few toys off of her.
and the door starts to close.
he opens the next room.
inside someone crosses a dim hallway adorned with memorabilia.
with her head tilted, someone someone watches as the bird hovers over an end table.
she steps out.
as he draws closer, he slings his glowing chain forward.
he shows her a certificate with a dolphin photo.
someone hangs his head and nods.
they clap their hands, then turn around.
someone gives her mother a pointed look.
someone watches as he paddles out.
side, but someone pushes him down and takes a shot.
he falls forward and rolls off the canvas into the turbulent water.
he takes his leave.
someone's mask flips down and the party-goers scurry from the room.
he fits a plastic lid on top, then drops it into a sack nestled at the center of his makeshift raft.
cloth lies draped over several high backed chairs.
lights blink on and off throughout the corridors as he returns to the cockpit.
as our view drifts toward her face,
he enters a bedroom.
in the spacious cathedral, congregants fill the pews.
someone hobbles over to him.
someone yields a stoic shrug and faces his case worker.
he picks up the bottle, and throws it hard across the room.
now he sits across from a banker with blond, feathered hair.
walking side by side, they advance on the large cottage occupied by the speers.
a pair of flip flops lies on the ground below.
as someone skates out, someone checks the scoreboard.
then heads outside.
later, a view through the hotel restaurant's window shows someone eating alone.
wearing his army uniform, and carrying two bags, someone mounts the steps to his dad's house.
now in a classroom, someone assembles his mushroom-like device.
he falls onto the canvas and the fish flops beside him.
a judge jots the names for the semifinals.
missing shit.
someone attacks someone, who releases someone.
the designer turns away.
with a thin brush, someone paints a figurine of the hunchback of notre dame.
now at school, as the teen heads up a stairwell the principal blocks his path.
he glances back toward someone and lowers his gaze again.
onstage, someone prances, paws out, and grins adorably.
the referee raises his flag and the fighting someone lifts his fists.
in the cockpit, beast pushes a lever, firing the jet's twin engines.
someone's stares slack-jawed, then drops his gaze.
someone watches her leave then gives a frustrated look.
she lays her shoulder bag aside.
she edges past an industrial pedestal fan.
scrambling to her feet.
cloudy rain sheets down, as the waves buck and toss beneath him.
someone sighs as he follows someone and the others.
sharing a table, sebastian and someone applaud.
someone watches the monitor with a grave look and someone shifts his gaze away.
he shakes his head, then walks out.
someone shows his winning.
they land safely on a car below, and race across the deserted back street.
she blinks.
from across the chamber, someone keeps an eye on someone who continues to strike the lighter.
the holocaust survivor turns.
he grows stoic.
uncovering his face, someone looks up at his teacher.
someone arrives with someone.
someone now plays barefoot.
the woman enters and flicks the light switch on.
and old man opens the front door.
someone glances toward the doorway then steps forward, shifting his gaze across the room.
automobile frames and other large objects fly into the night sky.
someone regards her grieving friend with glistening eyes.
someone sits on the bed.
someone enters through the front door, spots the open closet, and draws his gun.
the brunette shoots her another look,
someone's brow is pinched
he notices a framed baby photo and smile
outside the bank, police stand by in the afternoon sun.
someone picks up a breadstick, sniffs it, then bites into it.
her gaze anguished, someone shuts her eyes.
someone mee and his two kids still live on the grounds.
as the last truck passes under, a man climbs a ladder to the excavator's control cab which sits just behind the cutting wheel.
in his sweats, someone sits up and peeks out a window to find someone heading out to his van across the street.
elsewhere, a dressing room door marked kp private.
someone opens the doors revealing film reels and other items.
he heads for the door.
her friends nods and gives her an encouraging push.
someone places a black box on a counter, then pours a martini.
someone strokes his stomach, then eyes him adoringly as he removes his glasses.
someone lowers his cell phone from his ear.
his hand trembles as he wipes his eyes.
he plummets.
someone's female accomplice grabs hold of the older woman.
she takes someone's hand.
he bumps the headboard.
staggering, someone remembers his children sleeping in one bed and eating in a soup kitchen.
police surround them.
the camera's view jostles, showing the illuminated crystalline sunburst, then goes black.
she snaps it in half.
now, someone comes running through the forest.
they show the jewish man snapshots of someone and the lanky guy.
he videotapes his friend.
she holds someone's gaze then reaches into her bag.
someone turns and runs back up the stairs.
facing someone, someone nods then turns and walks away.
as his pregnant mother catches up, he chucks the full cup at her and runs off.
dropping an iron chandelier on him.
he kicks one as he races past.
someone walks off, then returns to the sitting room.
someone smiles mischievously as they continue to dance.
as someone leans her against the basket's edge, the pilot looks on anxiously.
moving to a lamp, someone unscrews the tube, opens it and pulls out a slip of paper.
someone someone growls as several more shoot over the boat.
someone spins around.
outside, captain sniffs around, leading the group down a sidewalk en route to the guggenheim.
lifting it to his ear, he swallows hard.
someone glances over as her artist boyfriend comes home.
seated at a desk, someone gazes off and rubs his lips.
someone springs up and dashes pass him.
he takes someone aside.
someone scrambles to his backpack and pulls out his own pair of flying sneakers.
he sets the tools in his van.
a man looks at someone surprised.
he shifts his thoughtful eyes.
someone leans against his car in a parking lot, and watches an airplane overhead.
right past her, he heads upstairs and.
they pause near a rock formation.
she links her arms around someone's neck and they kiss.
meanwhile, someone enters the command module, his son in his arms.
someone methodically shoots back with his rifle.
someone flashlight beam shines through the barrier, revealing an engineer lying inside.
someone shows a fairy learner's permit with his photo on it.
smiling, someone's mother pats her own chest.
jerking the poles, he puppets someone into an attack stance with his arms outstretched.
he hits escape on the computer and grabs his bag.
someone shuts the door, makes sure no one's watching, then approaches the bears.
someone emerges from the shelter with a flashlight in hand.
outside the vault cage, they meet up with someone.
she hangs up, runs to the bus, and turns in her ticket.
he raises his brow.
the inspector sits nearby with someone and the bookseller, labisse.
a young boy in a tweed suit gapes.
he checks his list.
later, he demonstrates how to fan out a deck of cards.
someone glances beyond the train where a pickup truck bounces down a dirt road toward the tracks.
as our view drifts upward, his armed uniform obscures them from view.
a detective checks her id card and a letter of recommendation signed dragan armanski, ceo milton security.
meanwhile, someone dumps a prescription pill into her hand by a running bathroom faucet.
it sails through the porthole and hits a man on the back of the head.
he watches his father and sister approach a barn, hand in hand.
she hurries out of the room as he remains motionless on his side.
with a sober stare, he turns over the jefferson mule in his fingers.
someone punches him in the face.
someone sticks his hand through the gate.
someone bestows a badge upon him.
grabbing his coat, someone leaves with snowy.
her chest heaves, and she beams radiantly.
someone's overwhelmed gaze shifts below small dark green plates, peeking out from his hairline.
someone stares after him as he hurries out.
only someone and someone remain.
someone turns for someone to wrap the necklace around her neck.
now, someone sits in a police department holding cell with four other detainees.
someone beams at him and shakes her head.
he drops the phone on his stomach.
from the counter, the someone watches her as she wearily peeks in another.
she drives off.
the orphan's eyes fill with tears.
as someone reaches for it, someone magically snatches it away.
samantha gestures toward the phone then walks off.
he smiles as he holds someone's gaze.
someone looks to the side, and her face sours.
as its gate lowers the manager puts on white cotton gloves.
the braddocks and goulds watch
someone flicks on a light.
beyond a window, a demure, dark haired woman bounces a crying baby in her arms.
standing on a tall mound of boulders.
now we soar over the ruins of the demolished structure overgrown with weeds.
he unwraps the candy.
someone activates an arched scanner that glides over the head.
someone breaks the ax-handle over his knee.
someone presses a button on the phone.
the girl bends down toward him, but the shorthaired boy holds her back.
someone leads the other workers into the boardroom.
it collects dew.
outside the door, a guard peers through a small eye-level window.
the boy eats cake messily.
a block of cheese is suspended above the patient.
now someone tutors him.
someone lifts his other hand to her thick shiny hair, and rubs
someone gives it a light tap and walks on.
a message appears onscreen: "system access."
blood speckles cover someone's cheek.
she flings a pillow at a lamp.
someone rolls her head, then gives someone a look and leaves.
beside him, blood streams from a dying man into bowls set on the floor.
she pats his shoulder.
he smacks a cymbal with his hand.
someone stares at someone as he draws a deep breath then drops his head and covers his face with his hand.
she rips hair removal tape from someone' upper lip.
nazi officer's face appears.
someone smiles up at someone.
the team progresses downhill to a large open doorway shaped like an egg.
chase averts her gaze.
he twists a fist into the fabric of her black panties and rips them off.
smiling someone walks off.
they smooch.
someone and someone walk together toward someone and someone who exchange glances.
as hoover exits a nearby office, someone stands.
with a modest smirk, he gives a dismissive wave.
the mastiffs rush to their bowls.
now he finds a rusty metal box.
several dozen ships dot the coastal waters.
someone trudges away.
now, on the school's athletic field, dozens of uniformed students stand in neat ranks.
continues to turn on the phonograph.
someone lifts her hand and stares at the gold rope designed wedding ring on her finger.
she scratches his goatee chin.
don't be a hero.
someone turns then throws the match down.
someone meets his gaze, sheepishly.
dernier fire the blaster, exploding a huge hole in a building wall.
later, they stroll toward his front door.
he gently slaps someone's cheek.
someone and someone make their way across the narrow road.
later, someone sits next to someone, while someone reads in a chair facing the foot of the bed.
she jogs out of view.
they join someone on the path out of washington.
taking a breath, he shakes himself out of his thoughts.
he takes the bag, then slings an arm around her shoulders as they head inside.
he watches her walk away and sighs.
someone lifts the barrel away from the girl.
someone holds her palms together as he cups her hands in his.
a surveillance camera shows the cop leaving the room.
later someone strolls down a long hallway.
launches himself high, he lands in front of the last remaining thug.
now, a monitor showing vital signs, bears the name someone.
winding up, he punches the guy out.
a few vanger family keepsakes lie on a table before him.
someone leaves with someone.
now in their backyard the guys smoke.
as she settles in, someone saunters over with a liquor bottle in one hand, a drink in the other.
opening the door, someone finds a wooden crate.
someone holds her in a loving gaze.
ramping off the end, someone continues on top of more tractor-trailers stuck in standstill traffic.
someone takes his cell back and heads out of the room.
employees enter someone's room.
the armored truck rumbles toward someone.
nearby, sleek and shiny luxury cars sit in a dark parking lot.
he rubs her back under her t-shirt.
lowering his chin, he braces himself and rams the roadster's rear bumper.
she isn't even studying for the college entrance exam.
the girl hugs someone, then he gives her the heimlich maneuver.
someone slides the breadstick up samantha's nose.
someone marches quietly toward the bed, water still glistening on her slender neck.
someone shatters a man's glass with her bottle.
someone looks away then faces him with a coy smirk.
with her eyes closed, someone rests her cheek against his brown leather jacket.
someone paddles along the top of a wave then pops up at its crest.
she thrusts against him.
they stop and stare as someone, wearing a long, dark dress, enters the bar.
someone unbuttons someone's pants then stands upright and steps back, gazing thoughtfully.
later, she sleeps in someone's bed with her arm draped over her friend.
he shoots someone a fearful glance.
dining chairs stand on tables with champagne hued tablecloth.
one of his fingers twitches and he awakes.
they circle the body.
the whirlwind sucks the destroyer into the sky.
on either side, wooden shacks show no sign of inhabitance.
as someone holds the door open for her.
he enters the courtyard.
he holds out his fist.
at home, someone rides a bike with a hamster taped to his back.
he packs a shoe into a backpack.
a map of the south pacific fills the screen.
fairies point magic wands and drag him back to someone.
someone and someone play in a decrepit car parked by the courtyard garages.
she grabs his tie and pulls him behind a bookcase.
as someone approaches the group, a rider hops down from his horse and disappears.
someone drops his phone.
later, using ropes and netting, he bundles the life jackets together into a small, makeshift raft.
she turns it on again and listens.
the tiger calmly flops his tail as he observes the boy.
he rushes from the bathroom, slamming the door behind him.
someone, now wearing his own clothes, spots someone as she strides down a walkway.
staring straight ahead, someone remains motionless in his seat.
she lifts her miserable gaze.
the woman grins good-naturedly.
from wennerstrom, it reads, can somebody please explain to me what the fuck is going on with these two assholes?
outside the tunnel, the exit shows no sign of her approach.
his tray tilts askew as he plunks down.
he holds the knob.
he robotically sticks his hand halfway down his pants.
using a tennis racket, someone hits a golf ball into his head.
someone stands and spreads her coat's lapel, creating a screen behind which someone can change.
she blinks in puzzled inquiry.
someone steadily holds his gaze.
the enraged man starts off, then turns as the helpless driver crawls away.
someone shuts the door on him.
a gloved hand pushes open the man's coat revealing a flask in a vest pocket.
on the stoop, someone demonstrates kung fu moves to his friends.
a lizard darts through the rainy yard.
someone writes an m on the front of the envelope then underlines it.
suddenly, vanessa is surrounded by elderly men and women.
a shield computer flickers as it displays a tornado-shaped anomaly.
another alien leaps onto it sending the capsule over a cliff.
he eyes the pearly and crimson flesh.
she holds him close and looks down.
someone brings her the untouched breakfast.
he finishes with a mighty upward swing.
he presents a framed arrest report.
someone strips down to a pink string bikini, revealing her tan slender body.
someone the enforcer down and punches him in the face sending him crashing into the water.
someone clips the shotgun to the back of his partner's shoulder holster.
an american radioman lowers his headset.
now, the living room tv shows spongebob square pants.
someone raises his own hand.
at the cottage he marches past his desk then stops and grabs the copy of someone's list of names, initials, and numbers from the wall.
someone mimes shooting himself three times.
he waves affectionately.
hovering just inches above her.
at the dealership, a salesman talks to his colleague.
but her laotong remains in place.
crystal the capuchin turns on someone's shoulder.
the agents open fire, but someone disappears.
then turns from the doorway and strides off.
the doctor leaves.
now, servants hurry out of the kitchen carrying bowls of food into the banquet hall.
someone and someone eats soup served on trays as they watch oprah.
he notices someone approaching.
he and two others search the vacant area.
mrs. po looks on with a softened gaze.
she forces a smile.
later, someone's jeep pulls into his driveway.
they see the hot salesgirl working nearby.
she rides down a ramp.
little someone gives a wounded look.
she gets out of the car and walks towards the hospital.
now in a conference room, the three of them sit with three male executives and a female editor.
as they patter into the kitchen, someone walks in.
she passes the contract to someone, who adds her signature.
now she enters the stage area, her arms loaded with costumes.
later she pulls a golden dough wrapped loaf from the even.
an suv approaches.
she starts to open the passenger door, but he shuts it.
someone heaves a sigh as she regards her son, then smiles affectionately.
they're still cleaning.
someone eyes him, then faces his wife.
now, she marches across a street to a five-story brick facade with bay windows shaped like prisms.
staring at someone.
as his eyes scan the text, he takes note of specific phrases.
as one suv gunman aims at them, someone pulls his trigger and pegs the guy.
on-board the command module, someone leans back on his seat, blinking heavily.
someone looks up to see someone.
he rubs his shins.
lightning strikes the wing of the plane, which flips upside down.
someone stops and faces him.
she wheels around.
everyone on the path dances with him and it turns into a routine.
someone leans close on one side.
in the hospital, a pair of windowed doors show someone arriving with his daughters in tow.
holding its button down, he creeps forward, no longer crawling but crouched under the low ceiling.
inside, children run wildly through an elaborate play structure with tunnels, slides, and climbing ropes.
he lights up a tableful.
she pulls it out.
she bounces the mattress with her foot.
he shuts off a lamp, and stares up at the ceiling.
he glances at his cohorts.
now, they enter a stable area.
the goateed guy leaves a canopy-covered station and steps past the two divers.
she leaves him in the candlelit room.
hades bursts into flames which rise into the air and disappear.
someone comes into the restaurant just as someone lustily snogs someone.
someone loosens his ankles with a little footwork.
someone holds her gaze.
in bed, someone rests her head on someone's chest.
someone's head rises from behind the tabletop as he straightens and eyes someone.
in slow motion, she saunters to the water.
she gives an understanding nod.
he reaches an arm behind him.
turns away shyly.
slowly turning, someone shares a tense look with his dad.
the tyrant turns away from the crowd.
slowing his pace, he sweeps his gaze around the area, gun raised,
someone's slumbering face and someone sleeps with his head at the foot of the bed.
shutting the door behind him,
with wide eyes, he crosses the bridge, pushes a fellow officer out of his way, and presses a button.
a run-down car, missing its front someone, crowds the center of the room.
the robot turns to face him.
they're fooling around in the shower.
now she emerges from an alley onto a quiet road.
someone takes two bottles and hands some out to the kids.
someone beckons them over, takes the pilfered phone and slips it back in someone's pocket.
she opens her wallet and writes out a check.
the first pig does a backstroke.
more armed agents exit a building directly in front of him.
someone's mouth tenses and she wets her lips.
he ducks lower into the grass as the truck pulls out of the clearing.
later, someone arrives at home.
someone straps on a white bullet proof vest, then dons a tuxedo shirt and buttons the cuffs.
he grabs her chin.
she looks up at him with a teasing smirk.
elsewhere, someone makes his way to a parking lot.
they enter the apartment.
in the hall, someone bumps into a crew member who attacks him.
he takes off his pistol, unloads it and places it in a lock box.
straddling the leader's rear, someone humps him as he cuffs him.
with a grave look, one of someone's buddies sits up.
as tune ann chomps on a carrot, her mother shoots her a furious look.
he flips a square of gold to someone.
she straightens abruptly as someone strolls over.
he lowers the ice, revealing a cut.
someone looks up, his eyes wide.
a herd of creatures gallops along the water.
he gazes about, full of wonder.
later, they stand facing a massive expanse of ridged rocky outcrops and cliffs.
someone clutches her throat.
it illuminates someone's grinning face as he plays.
tears stream down his cheek.
he lets himself in, puts his bag and keys down in the hall
on the sound stage, the cast of someone's show, secret high, perform a prom dance number.
on screen, a young someone wearing a top hat and smoking a cigarette
the math teacher gives him a harsh look.
three rats scamper out of the room.
he flicks his hand, sending out a bolt of blue energy which races through the rocky terrain.
he write with a pencil.
she twirls like a ballerina, then points back to someone.
and notices her.
the altimeter slides quickly to the right as the plane rises.
he takes out a letter and offers it to the sheriff.
he grabs two guns off the table, tucking one into the back of his waistband as he strides out of the room.
someone shifts his wide-eyed gaze.
elsewhere someone steps through a crowded room and hugs a shaggy haired man.
in the station, someone wears handcuffs.
she holds out the open wallet as well.
the probe casts its flickering light at the far end of the chamber as the android goes in.
in the transmitter, someone watches a printer.
behind the wheel someone sits up, her eyes clamped shut.
he pushes someone aside.
other views show the glitzy athletic dancers in unison, then the blonde rocking out in someone's empty bar.
on set, the female anchor tastes the sauce.
someone strides forward in her taupe heels, she takes off the nypd jacket.
everyone but someone raises their beer.
someone leads the way up to the porch, then through the doorway.
perching atop the zebra's carcass, he starts to take a bite.
now the sun shines cheerily on the barn.
someone bends down to scoop someone up in his arms.
he looks at a scar on the palm of his hand then sits up.
as someone follows her off the dance floor, someone brushes a strand of hair away from her face.
they turn away.
someone gives him a bullet then shakes his hand.
as someone chews the second truffle her eyes light up with a surprised smile.
the young man rises from the bed and braces himself on a mantle.
someone shoves down her bicycle.
she twitches a smile then brushes hair away from her face.
the others stand motionless, staring at the rider's flaming skull.
in class, someone stares out a window at a neighboring building.
he steps through the arched gate and crosses a narrow street, where he meets rene someone.
someone opens the door for a bushy-haired black man with glasses.
her mother remains kneeling before the autumn flowerbed.
she waves from his truck.
holloway takes it with a grin.
the burly agent stiffens his jaw.
later, someone swabs his ears.
she turns on the light at the foyer.
someone steps around her computer and finds in itsfate.net profile with her picture and the headline, come and get it boys.
someone walks out followed by two of his masked men.
where musicians play by a waiting sedan chair.
plasma ball returns and hits him again.
the gang leader pulls out a knife and pricks the alien flesh.
now as we rove over the craggy landscape, glaring sunlight overtakes our view.
someone's dagger slips from his belt.
she checks her phone.
others lounge beside coolers as they watch about a dozen men gathered around someone.
someone disconnects the call.
someone stands motionless.
someone woozily shifts his gaze.
by a campfire, someone mashes some cornbread and water and holds it out to someone.
now, someone stands below an overcast sky.
someone blinks, then summons a breath.
he pukes as he stumbles to his feet.
someone waves him into a stall, then uses a urinal like a chair.
directly below, patrons twirl on a large dance floor.
later above ground, the children run along a street into the center of town.
someone takes a few steps, then leads them up a vertical ladder on the wall.
the explorers return to their capsule and huddle inside.
someone rides the exercise bike.
he walks the aisles, the beam of his flashlight leading the way.
she toasts bluntly, then takes another side-step.
he flips through his notebook to a page with drawings of a heart-shaped key.
parts and pockets them.
she gives the frog a sloppy kiss.
iron man stands and wraps the whip around his right arm.
and he keeps his head bowed.
on the ice, someone wipes out.
he shoots furtive glances at his surroundings as he devours his french fries.
someone takes out a photo of a young boy posing with a man and a woman.
he spills on himself.
the man rides away with the body.
later, he passes a park.
the helicopter flies off.
rises and sets for both of us, is what helps me survive day to day.
tour cities include vienna, dublin, sidney.
our view circles the embracing couple.
a hand strokes one of his braids.
a wider view reveals tall, bushy trees towering over the lifeboat and all along the edge of what appears to be an island.
a receptionist wakes her and she smiles.
someone and someone sit facing her.
in a ballroom mess hall, a 20 foot american flag drapes a wall above hundreds of soldiers and civilians.
now, the killer slides a cassette tape into an old boom box.
two older men sit at a nearby table.
as he runs a finger down the document, someone and queen someone watch tensely.
turning toward a large object covered with a sheet,
he sees his motorcycle surrounded in billowing fire, waiting for him at the end of an alley.
someone heads off.
now in an area enveloped by darkness, a beam of light shines out, its radius growing larger as someone emerges from the tunnel into a cavern.
a window shows their approach over the potomac river.
someone walks with a balding mustached officer.
at the tree, the piglet runs up the trunk.
as someone approaches, the pipe smoking man stops him with the butt of his cane.
someone smashes the bottle against someone's head.
a burst of fire gives way to a mushroom cloud.
stretches her leg across a cornered gap to another windowsill.
tufts of snow fall as someone slides his fingers along the top of the minute hand.
the dancers straighten and raise their arms skyward, some with jazz hands.
someone steps into view with her face covered as well.
someone slows to a stop and braces herself on a wall.
she clings to him tightly, her eyes closed and her lips parted.
the gate opens automatically, revealing an abundance of shrubs and trees around a driveway.
someone huddles against the stone as someone bends down.
she hits her head.
three office workers - someone, someone and someone - watch a man carry a box of things to a car in the car park below.
at the curb, a secret service agent opens a car door.
someone ducks and strikes his armor.
rounding a corner, someone's spots her father.
the rider's flames catch on his long stringy hair.
the lovelorn woman shakes her and bravely purses her lips.
someone turns the silver utensil in his hand.
they take off toward the cruiser.
someone smells the bound contract.
he backs toward the van.
cabret et fils horloge, or cabret and son clock makers.
rembrandt dials a number from a slip of paper.
later someone lies on top of someone, regarding him with a tender smile.
noticing someone, she straightens and frowns.
and slugs him hard.
a bride tackles her groom.
back at the cemetery someone opens his eyes and stares at his father's headstone.
someone returns the gesture, then swaps friendly nods with his fellow musicians.
he dances to the front of the stage and stands behind a clear plexiglas podium.
someone returns the gesture.
he missteps, almost tripping into the fire.
someone looks down sadly.
other art students glance up from their work.
she had no awareness.
they peer across the terminal to an entrance, where a bespectacled woman in a plaid jacket hurries in and stops.
he has a hand on her butt
she takes it and sets it aside.
someone a cell phone and she speed-dials a call.
in the next booth, a man wearing earphones, smokes and examines a record album cover.
another shows the time square flash mob.
someone stands and closes the bathroom door.
waking, she rubs her eye
the floodlights on the ball field go out.
someone holds both someone's arms up.
now a low sun casts a golden glow in the sky over chicago.
she notices an address on the back cover and tears it off.
the cross to the door with an affected breezy air.
someone's backup dancers push her forward.
someone stands inside a phone booth with a faint, tender smile.
having slung the rifle back over his shoulder, someone watches someone wrest her pistol from the potato sack.
someone watches as someone grabs his phone off the bed.
someone drops his posts, hurdles the fence, and lands in a thicket of nettles.
someone gazes willfully at the three eager girls.
the man nods and pulls away.
now you, get down there.
he hops onto a railed catwalk between two bombs with small cockpits and propellers labelled chicago and new york.
someone and someone move aside furniture, revealing a small hole in a back wall.
he sees a spark.
as he reaches for his gun, someone points at him.
she heads out.
their shadows show someone puppet someone through a series of fluid movements.
someone and someone now sit in front of her.
someone furrows her brow.
someone sits on it.
their noses brushing against each other.
he smacks his lips.
someone lifts his arms.
in a flashback, a sign labels a complex surrounding a pristine public pool.
he has a bulky rings on their right index.
as someone peers into the someone, someone sneaks up behind him and hits the back of his head with a piece of metal from the red car.
her sisters remain silhouetted by backdrops of large lit squares.
one ramming his head into the window.
someone stares after her, then turns to pepper.
handwritten notes, mathematical equations, and schematic drawings fill the pages.
he shows a title.
the kids ride in back with the wind in their hair.
someone moves through the vault.
someone hangs up and glares at the phone.
madame someone enters, folds her arms and watches someone with a sour glare.
the road passes rapidly beneath the bike's wheels.
later, they eat pizza and drink beer.
someone makes a peace sign.
someone holds onto her black shawl as it billows in the wind.
someone defiantly lifts her chin.
someone cuts down the agents with machine gun fire as he passes, then grabs his wounded shoulder.
as she gazes into his eyes, someone flashes a loving smile and throws her arms around him.
now someone's car pulls onto a private road.
someone squints, then smiles.
someone shoots her a questioning glance.
opens his backpack and a guard approaches someone.
someone swaps looks with his partner, then hangs up the receiver.
trapping the car.
someone tosses his drink over his shoulder and hurls away a cigarette.
she pulls down his pants.
someone and someone sit in front.
the bikers scatter.
in a dark movie theater, someone sits with his arm around someone.
someone paces, then addresses his assembled task force.
someone yanks the informant away and someone jumps out from a hiding place.
he curls his fingers as if holding an invisible tennis ball,
she picks up a ribbon and pulls one end through the other with a dissatisfied pout.
later, the pierce-arrow pulls up to a curb.
someone earnestly lifts his brow.
someone touches a finger to her lips and waves goodbye to someone.
someone bites the end off of her corndog and chews miserably.
the men turn.
the beast makes it only half way up, its hind legs staggering with the rocking of the boat.
a blue soldier jumps off a boulder and knocks a red opponent to the ground.
they pass a baby carriage, and someone's smile fades.
cheering people standing behind a security barricade wave their arms.
she turned.
someone takes off his shades.
at home, someone opens the fridge to reveal stacks of plastic containers with notes on them.
sister wearing a sexy shoulder-less dress.
one show someone with his alias, the other a young man named someone.
with a shrug, he crouches to it and reaches out, then hesitates.
the principal shoots the father a horrified glance, then heads off.
as the bald thug fires, someone tosses a grenade to his dad.
someone steps into his embrace and the elderly man pats his back.
in therapy, the young man lies on a couch.
customers wave someone to the front of the line, where two burly men glare at him.
the rising pillar tilts, attached to a base with a seat,
he removes his glasses briefly and rubs his eyes.
clenching his jaw, someone yanks at the wheel as the van wildly spins.
someone glares at someone as he leaves,
someone's wearing a cream dressing gown.
in the band room someone does kung fu moves with a cymbal in each hand.
she races to a door, unlocks it, and slips into a living room where a long haired man watches tv.
gazing up at the observation booth, dr.
now, the two hurry down a crowded escalator.
she rolls over to face her son.
someone notices him.
someone faces the staff.
she comes up behind him as he heads around the pool.
she parts his shirt, and slips it off his shoulders.
they step into a room holding an empty bed with loosened restraints.
someone removes the receiver from her ear and clutches it against the base of her neck, resting her chin on her knuckles.
now the kids leave the house.
someone taps someone's nose.
as the vampire charges, someone drops the chain down the barrel of her gun.
watching the clock, someone holds his breath.
he picks it up and unfolds it.
blinking back tears, someone strides away.
pouring in from the high windows as he approaches someone.
she tightens her upper lip, bearing her top teeth.
swerving, the chiseled man bursts through construction barricades then ramps up a stack of barricades and launches into mid-air.
a man with a clipboard approaches.
he picks up someone's sword and eyes the inscription on the hilt - until lambs become lions.
beyond her someone trudges to his sport car with a leather travel bag.
he slows as he reaches the tower and stares up at the sisters.
in his mind's eye, someone sees a young someone lighting candle
someone removes a cooked chicken from the oven.
someone lurches forward, his eyes wide.
he spots someone leaping over the herd.
back in someone's apartment, someone finishes a drink of water and sets the cup in the bathroom.
he arches his eyebrows and opens his mouth as if to speak, then furrows his brow.
now she mopes over to the waiting room and plops down beside someone.
she seethes.
he ducks the swing of the ax.
dozens of holographic dots appear and enter the unisphere.
someone turns to him, holding a shot.
someone shoots two pheasants flying above the trees.
someone aims a hand at the creature and levitates it.
someone shoots someone a look.
flakes of frost fall from a huge creature encased in ice.
collecting empty glasses, the ambitious girl starts taking drink orders.
he twists the pen shut, drops it and leaves the table.
the noblewoman bends down and removes her ornate slipper,
someone halts and looks back.
he watches a home video of his father and son playing football.
he stares at the unhatched egg.
he lifts his gaze to the soldier's face.
cringing, someone shakes his head.
the boy wears a white tracheotomy tube neckband.
someone strides back to the stove and resumes cooking.
his father takes his hand, places it on the guide line, and gives the okay signal.
the kidnapper shatters the window with a shovel.
someone tosses a card aside.
as she hops into some jeans, she tips over.
holloway moves further inside transfixed by an enormous humanoid bust.
his cold eyes hold someone's.
back in the women's cell block, she kicks open a ceiling vent cover and lowers herself to the floor.
she looks at moon.
they look up at stained glass skylights.
the little dog runs up to her.
someone opens the front door for someone.
someone uneasily notices diners staring.
they join someone at a crib.
he hands his top hat to one of the models, then kisses her on the lips.
carrying a thick ax on one shoulder,
someone reaches for her son, and pulls him close.
she pauses by someone's feet,
he stares fearfully toward the kitchen.
someone leaps into someone's arms.
as she dims the lights for a slideshow, glow-in-the-dark graffiti shows on her face, including eyebrows, the word loser and cat whiskers.
someone scrutinizes him curiously, and someone wears a wounded expression.
the police chopper's camera shows the boys landing in a plaza near a statue.
now awake, the rest of the family watches gravely.
they embrace tightly.
the hand grips her chin and a finger passes over her mouth.
someone sits next to the reader on the subway.
the guys notice that
someone continues up without breaking his stride.
outside, someone follows her ex onto the patio.
her smile fades as she straightens.
she opens it and begins to read.
now in an outdoor beachfront bar, someone finishes off a tropical cocktail, as the bartender brings her another.
someone and his fellow officer hop out with their side arms drawn, rushing past toys in the front lawn.
he lands on the runway and chases after the plane.
playing soccer, someone tries to kick the ball but her foot misses and she falls onto her back.
she turns, in a corner someone sits with concertina.
five children peek out from her skirt, then tumble out and frolic away.
later, someone sleeps soundly wrapped in a blanket.
getting a look at his face, someone slows.
he leans against the machine.
now, a skateboard rolls over a sunlit speed bump.
heavy downpour.
grabbing a can from the top of the refrigerator he accidentally knocks over a bottled water.
elsewhere, someone hurries down a debris-covered street, as two of his armed men flank him.
the bounty hunter opens it and finds someone's mugshot.
the cops take aim behind their open doors.
now at her family reunion, someone sits at a picnic table with three women.
someone frowns with confusion as someone hurries off.
she puts on granny panties under her robe.
someone turns back to his friends, leaning his hands on his knees.
he releases it.
now, someone stands on the beach,
the taiping rebels are coming.
someone sucks a bit of cheese off her thumb.
he gives it to someone.
pointing two fingers like a gun, someone mimes aiming it into his own mouth and pulling the trigger.
nearby, a monitor tracks her friend's vitals.
someone flashes a smile and wheels his cart away.
someone closes her eyes and they kiss.
someone scoops up a machine gun as he follows.
someone leans forward to stare after her.
someone turns to the window with his brow furrowed.
now leaning on the bar, someone sips the last of a cocktail.
as he reaches the stage someone winks at him.
her eyes filled with tears as she hugs her father.
someone reads: produce a perturbance!
someone uses the banker's watch to stop his arm, then makes him smack himself.
he wraps his arm around her and kisses her forehead.
someone and someone bring their coconut up to their chests.
in the present, someone sits at someone's bedside reading the manuscript.
someone draws on his window a picture of a gorilla being attacked by three airplanes.
a clerk behind a cage-wire barrier addresses them.
someone dodges and cowers as the man fires the ball at him repeatedly.
he gives someone a proud grin and raises his brow.
she sees the washington monument pass by.
as the shy teen fans the cards, the more popular boy sips an energy drink.
wearing his top hat and overcoat.
he takes out a stack of cash.
surrounding by dead floating leaves, the teen looks away.
the four survivors stare soberly at their surroundings, someone behind the wheel.
someone walks away and someone jumps on his back,
the plane rises over another dune revealing as vast desert filled with wrecked ships and planes.
someone gives the crowd a bashful smile.
the mutants look on.
someone's smirk fades but he maintains steady eye contact with the timekeeper.
the thick jawed newcomer stares at the narrator through shades.
the chiffon veil is lowered over someone's face.
the stone one meets a second wall of painted cinder block, that's stained along the top with mold.
someone clutches her dying sister's hand.
someone kisses someone passionately.
in a van parked across the street, someone sees the arrival and talks into a walkie-talkie.
someone sits at a bench outside.
gaining on them, someone fires.
he watches from his keyboard as she walks into the bedroom.
he slowly straightens.
someone climbs a trellis fence, peeks overtop, and spots the security guards.
someone spots him and uses his phone.
charging, he backs her against a wall.
someone swims into view, pulling at the rocks beneath him.
written on the bass drum, nipple confusion.
now, someone scribbles on a sticky note attached to his manuscript.
someone draws someone close and she blinks back proud tears.
a pain smile fades from his former lover's rosebud lips.
she turns on the shower then opens the birdcage.
someone approaches the eight-year-old.
beside someone, someone lowers his sad gaze.
now an aerial view, roves pass downtown los angeles.
the potbelly custodian resumes pushing the buffer.
he glances around the room, then focuses on the paper.
the audience turns again.
a thin-mustached man appears on the giant screen.
the noblewoman sits up, her long hair loose around her shoulder.
a key sticks out of the gravel next to a railroad tie.
red someone inspects a string of pearls.
the rockets fall from the sky,
thousands of people crowd a cavernous palace room.
someone climbs on and takes a seat.
it reads, i love you, someone.
as little someone kicks at her attacker, someone throws the hummer into drive and speeds off,
he returns the flask to his smiling companion.
someone hides a smile as someone glares at her.
the cell phone footage ends.
the round-faced girl spins rapidly, catching someone's gaze on several twirls.
as someone removes his jacket, someone's gaze scans the room and takes in the dead body sprawled behind a control counter.
someone and someone exchanged glances as someone takes the camera off the tripod.
he lets go of her hands.
inside, someone grabs a set of handcuffs.
he falls as a fifth guard appears.
wearing an air force uniform with the name tag someone on the chest a commander in a beret watches someone's car drive away.
then inspects the soldier's chest.
the sculpture depicts a shabby old man.
someone has a round jowly face
cones in their hands as they walk.
she frames her pelvis with her hands.
he glances at the elevator operator and the door glides shut.
at a table, a stout man eats.
he swallows, allowing a faint smile.
he thumbs the corner of the page then sits on the couch, puts his feet up
they enter the main house.
as the athlete stares, the case worker stubbornly points at his timepiece.
he jerks someone's arms up.
they younger girl tearfully takes hold of the scoop handle, but lets go of it and passes the canister on to someone.
the glass face of his smart phone reflects
the engineer's ship forms a semi-circle around her.
someone removes two framed baseball pictures from in front of a dresser-top mirror.
the sorcerer gives a pleased smile.
someone ducks around a doorway and hides as someone comes out and eyes an open laptop.
now, trying elevated push-ups, someone collapses.
as someone puts her back to the audience, her top flies off.
someone draws a breath and nods softly.
someone watches her husband slump into the kitchen.
someone opens a nearby gate.
as stibble charges, he delivers a mighty upward blow.
the teens from the three-way join the panicked stampede.
someone's hair blows back as he is illuminated by the train's headlight.
someone glares at it, then faces someone someone.
someone arches his brow.
as she dons pajama pants, she glances over her shoulder at someone.
someone looks bewildered.
someone raises his foot at someone.
he dashes towards the stocks.
he stares off intensely.
as someone goes to address his manager, halts his open mouth with his palm.
someone gazes at her with a knitted brow and clenched jaw.
now at the police firing range, the two cops shoot at a cutout depicting a gunman using a woman as a human shield.
in which several executives are gathered.
he lights a cigarette.
he freezes at a water fountain.
someone fishes it from the water.
startled, someone glances at his companions and wipes it with a napkin.
someone grabs his makeup kit.
someone watches enviously from the fire pit.
someone stands, then sits on the desk by someone.
in a truck, overfilled with prizes.
a bullet hits the utility pole behind him.
someone shoots someone a smile.
in the daytime, at a bustling military camp, someone opens a box filled with silver blades.
inside, a sign adorned with a lit up cactus and sombreros reads, one night in tijuana.
someone picks some photographs up off the floor.
they blast holes in the asphalt around the flaming motorcycle but fail to impede it.
later she visits someone as he packs for his trip.
he walks along another walkway to a flight of stone steps.
he floats high, flapping his wings which appear puny compared to his inflated body.
someone turns and flees in the opposite direction.
on the screen someone watches holloway leave the ship.
the thug flips someone's phone shut.
someone straightens in her chair her gaze still averted, and lowers his zipper.
who eventually looks up and spots her.
someone reaches through the hole and extracts a fistful of crumbled, blown up twinkie.
later in the dark, men flee past someone.
someone unlocks the cell doors and releases prisoners including an asian man.
someone regards her son, then fetches her handbag from the hallway.
elevated on a stack of books upon a chair.
someone watches as he drops his jeans.
among them sit someone and mama who murmurs a prayer under her breath.
he backs off of the couch and she leaps after him.
now, under sun-lit water, we watch fish swim beneath the improved raft.
someone remains at his brother's side, consoling him.
someone lifts his brow and shares a thoughtful glance with someone.
he points to a decal on it.
strutting down an aisle, he wiggles his fingers and bobs his head.
guys sit among other hostages.
she sips her coffee then wipes her mouth with her hand.
she looks in a study then heads through a hallway past a modern painting
someone opens a large oven on the set.
someone points to a model ship.
then turns away and rests her elbow on the table.
before them, someone stands anxiously with her arms folded.
he sobers instantly, and dramatically wags his finger at someone.
she sits on his lap.
he sprays her with an aerosol can and frees himself from her grasp.
now, in his apartment, someone sits across a chessboard from someone.
someone draws their attention.
the android springs from the chair as the engineer takes a seat in it.
now, we drift over an elaborate mountaintop monastery.
someone hurls a statue into a glass counter and little someone smashes a snow globe.
someone climbs into the midst of the sleeping crew.
later someone drags the janitor across the polished floor, pulling him behind a line of columns.
the programmer uncomfortably lowers his half-eaten red licorice.
the mouth launches a serpentine appendage down the engineer's throat.
with tears in her eyes she reads.
now, beside someone's ravaged bed,
someone gives someone a wide-eyed sheepish stare as she shuts the drawer.
as they spin around again, someone crouches by the window and raises his binoculars.
as the dancers leave, someone strides purposefully ahead.
half-eaten snacks litter the coffee table and a blanket covers her feet.
someone's eyes dart around the room as he sips his drink.
someone backs up.
someone pumps his fist.
her gaze follows as he makes his way past someone and someone.
he holds up his hand to block out the bright sunlight.
someone drags himself into the bedroom.
he looks down.
his father hovers in st. jude's cathedral waiting for him.
she precedes hesitantly.
outside, the helicopter nears the building.
entering a bedroom she answers a phone.
masked guards storm past someone.
as he slams the door, a cab pulls into the parking lot.
a man in a passing bus peeks out his window at someone.
the knight's jaw goes slack and his eyes half close.
a drawing shows a man with his head flying off his sliced neck.
seated on a rock, he waits for someone and someone to reach the bottom.
inside, someone's son clings to him, gazing upward.
he remembers her by the photocopiers,
it contains a news clipping featuring someone at the end of his journey.
the guys play horse.
someone reaches through the bomb's vent and works the scissors between two of the coils.
someone and someone go looking for him.
two men adjust a camera on a tripod.
he stares into her pale-blue eyes.
a sign out front reads, appearing tonight, sister and her sisters, sold out.
as they walk toward it, someone removes his helmet.
someone leaves him.
the boys glance back at someone, garbed once again in her black dress.
she rubs her wrist anxiously as someone stares off.
the white-haired bookseller raises his eyebrows as he examines someone.
the poles dangle from his wrists, as he punches his fists forward.
someone draws a scoop of ashes from the container and looks at her father.
in the kitchen, he pours its contents down the drain.
someone is bewildered.
someone accepts it then holds his hands up in a polite refusal to others as they edge toward him.
staring up at him tearfully, someone yields a smile.
someone brings someone his box.
she looks down at someone sleeping on animal hides.
someone watches him go.
someone holds the top over her eyes.
someone wedges between the bride and groom, making someone spill his champagne.
someone zooms down and tackles someone in the sky.
someone ambles into the living room and stuffs his hands in his pockets.
a businessman reading a newspaper vacates a bench, leaving behind a crumpled paper bag.
someone takes a bite of the steak.
someone slams his
as he stalks out, she flings a vase after him.
now someone and someone deface a police car.
she watches the someone movie, then grins at her ex-husband.
she shifts her thoughtful eyes, then gives a pleased look.
the blast demolishes the costco sign.
someone tilts his head toward the ceiling.
the lenses of someone salaad's eyeglasses crack.
someone sips liquor from a tumbler.
she lowers her gaze.
now on a busy sidewalk, someone tries calling.
back on earth, someone sits and read a book.
punches him.
they gaze into each other's eyes.
a carriage drives into the mouth of a volcano spewing smoke and embers.
someone totes his guitar.
they reach the end of the narrow alley.
he glimpses at the protesters.
fluid streams from someone's bare feet as they dangle from her pod.
one cable reaches a lamppost.
in the strategy room, someone removes another flag from a wall map.
someone closes a large book, then walks down the hallway.
now he catches up with her, wearing a hip straw fedora.
someone leaves a camp and prowls into the misty woods.
she rolls him a cigarette.
above her the alien baby wriggles more vigorously.
she turns her face toward his and kisses him.
he pauses at her tidy appearance.
the device rotates.
the phone lands face up at the foot of the ladder.
someone glares sourly as someone lies on his stomach and wriggles under the door.
someone makes a note.
the cops reluctantly turn.
later someone throws loaves of bread out of his car window as he drives.
in an examination wing, a doctor snips the blood soaked bandage from someone's left arm.
someone scans his surroundings as he and someone enter.
in an airport concourse, someone walks sadly within the flow of travelers.
pushing him back onto the bed she straddles him.
someone follows someone through a tunnel they pass underneath another huge hole on the floor of a house where a lamp flickers.
he faces his companion and gently turns her face with his hand.
he sits beside her.
someone shifts her thoughtful gaze.
he blinks and looks away with a tightened jaw.
she takes a deep breath and heads towards him with a look of grim determination.
the evidence appears onscreen.
grinning, he backs out the door.
the boy fiddles with the controls.
he eats some paste.
she grimaces, agonizing and someone lowers his gaze.
get that hand.
as the door opens, the unconscious someone sinks to his knees then falls face down.
someone ducks as a convoy of vehicles passes nearby.
his face glistening with sweat, he turns his head toward the noise outside.
now on another floor, she exits the elevator.
she strides toward someone who loads the band's equipment into a station wagon.
inside, a man with round frame glasses works in a laboratory.
the team moves through the dark, treacherous space.
someone shuts the door and positions himself in front of it.
he ushers it into the hall.
someone turns and eyes the windows of a building.
someone peeks down from a loft glimpsing his parents asleep in bed.
someone angrily paces away.
the soldier awkwardly watches his father, then turns to someone, who waits a few steps away.
someone's eyes are closed.
406 swipes at him then chases him into the kitchen.
someone grits his teeth in pain then eyes someone.
while medical workers tend to their patients.
he strolls through a lavish outdoor reception
then takes both items downstairs.
they read clark gable, someone powell, manhattan melodrama.
the bride beams and her husband tenderly kisses her bare shoulder.
now at the lake house, the fathers and sons play
she heads a meeting outside.
he stops and glances back, then continues forward as the kidnapper looks up from the trunk.
as she faces him, her brow furrows woefully.
seated by someone, someone bolts to her feet and assumes the middle-aged jowly form of agent someone.
clad in a filmy cerulean dress, a young statuesque beauty with sun-kissed skin and long blonde hair approaches someone.
he winks at someone then leaves.
he turns away and heads through a 1950s themed recreation area.
he sets his headphones by his turntables, then dances backward out of someone's view.
someone smiles pleasantly.
at forward base, someone faces someone.
daytime, a bank's door is open and three men in long coats enter.
meanwhile, trapped in the mirror, someone sees a student walk by.
someone collapses onto the ground.
someone reverses as they advance head on.
someone nods and smiles as someone collects her things.
someone blinks and gives a wounded nod.
someone bites her lower lip.
then slowly doubles over and grasps a chair at the head of the table.
smiles.
stark glances at someone and resumes turning the wheel.
now a runner rounds second base and an outfielder goes for the ball.
the others follow her gaze.
his chubby cheeked smile falters.
an aerial view shows their multi-colored surfboards in a circle.
standing on the canvas cover, someone turns.
propped in the control mechanism, someone's sword arcs with lightning.
returning to the center of the mat, he raises the microphone.
the rapist wakes to find himself naked, bound, and gagged.
he folds his overcoat closed as a strong breeze blows through some trees and bushes at a wall behind them.
master someone sits with a grim smirk.
someone takes a drag on the joint.
the man joins her.
falling back, someone lies motionless on the gravel.
someone snatches the remote.
wearing only a wet suit, he goes through the motions of checking his equipment.
someone's truck accelerates beside the van and performs a pit maneuver, spinning someone out of control.
wearing a towel around her head, someone lies with her eyes closed
glaring, someone stops and watches her mother approach.
then stares at the now extensive family tree on the wall.
after hours, someone and the other dancers hang out at the bar with someone and someone.
the raft riders power up over the lip, bouncing back down roughly.
he swivels his chair around and glares accusingly.
who raises his glass and gives a gentle encouraging nod.
someone ushers her children away.
someone jumps up and hugs someone.
he squints down at his intel report,
someone looks up at him and nods, her chest heaving beneath her black wool coat.
as the terrified survivor struggles to crawl away, someone moves over him.
someone lies on a bunk.
then presses it to his thumb.
someone holds him up, someone shuts the door.
someone appears in front of him.
someone runs down a hallway.
escaping to a balcony, someone closes the sliding door and sits.
someone reaches back and pulls.
someone keeps climbing.
an officer opens the barricade and a construction worker steps forward.
someone accepts the cash, gives his brow a resigned lift, and shoots a tentative smile at someone.
she offers a handful of condoms.
village and people scatter.
someone aims a pistol, but snowy deflects his arm.
she faces the sink.
he steps on a wheel toy and falls flat on his back.
then turns into a parking lot.
a layer of densely interlocked roots covers the ground.
someone's gaze grows melancholy.
on a screen, "access granted."
someone enters, clutching a bag in his mouth.
grinning, someone holds up his destroyed makeup kit then tucks the locket necklace into his pocket.
he pours the contents of a small vodka bottle into a juice container, hidden from the passenger's view.
someone shoves his way through a crowd of people walking in the opposite direction.
now someone leads someone up the steps to a school's entrance.
the mutant smashes both fists through his helmet, pummeling his face.
our view continues to retract over a neighboring rooftop, until it encompasses several city blocks worth of apartment buildings.
he sits as she shows the disconnected cameras.
he gazes out at the wetlands as he waits a few feet away.
he swings away, leaving the kids staring from the bunker windows.
someone puts someone on hold.
someone stares boldly and someone spits.
walking past easels and paint supplies,
he takes the gun.
in a flashback, someone joins someone in a computer lab.
in his bedroom, someone paints a figurine.
his gaze lifts to his drawing of a giant tentacle dragging a man down into the sea.
he chugs obliviously.
she brings the back of her hand to her mouth and squeezes her eyes shut.
@katy perry, i love you, you are the best.
someone notices the tabby licking itself and sets down the can.
with her jaw trembling, someone shifts her desperate eyes.
the station lights flicker then come back on.
someone presses it.
another smiling performer wears a pink wig and a headband topped with a cupcake.
as the transport pulls out, someone rides beside it on an atv.
leaving the doctors, she halts at the sight of him.
as he tugs at it, the working man on the other side holds the chain tightly.
she kisses him and leaves.
it works its slavering jaws.
someone returns his sober gaze to the grill.
he squeezes his eyes shut.
hangs up and turns to someone.
she walks off and someone fixes his gaze on the fossil.
the general falls and someone aims at the civilian.
as it pulls taut, it breaks from his skull with a fiery flash.
the other robber helps her remove her gun and gloves.
he stares at her imploringly but find her gaze confused.
someone finds herself alone.
she spots someone and gives a drunken wave.
wearing a grey smart tech polo shirt, someone nods to a tall woman with short blonde hair.
outside, they ascend a staircase to see an suv drive away down the street.
he holds the bottle as if pouring it into his ear, and spits champaign.
as he refers to his manual, he spots the others on the field's edge.
he tosses it in the air as he turns to his bald friend.
she smiles and turns to leave.
one of the two men steps down beside someone then clubs him.
his cohort hangs back.
she flings all the clothes out of her closet and storms out.
someone gestures to a servant.
in slow motion, a valet heads over.
peter trade an eyebrow raise.
they join someone.
he returns her wedding ring to her finger.
later, they search the pick-up together.
someone gives her a childlike appreciative smile as she lowers him into her bag.
he shifts into park and raises both hands innocently.
he destroys the one on the left.
someone swivels his chair.
as the fire truck behind it skids to a halt its ladder extends out over the van.
someone gets another jug from the fridge and both men guzzle their water.
someone comes over and pulls up a chair.
someone covers his face with his gloved hand.
inside, a white-haired woman steps forward to greet them.
someone presents a gift bag to her friend, someone.
he yanks on his cardigan and storms off.
she rolls onto her back, one arm bent over her head.
someone leaps over a puddle, the rottweiler splashes through it.
our view sinks beneath the water to find a hatch in the yacht's underside releasing a submarine.
in between someone and the door someone unlocks it.
someone reaches the front and wipes off the headlamp.
he finds it empty and bends over to survey the undercarriage.
the soldier inspecting someone's backpack finds plastic wrapped stacks of bills inside.
she glowers at his sly smile.
he picks himself up onto his knees and pulls from the boat the grappling tool attached to a rope.
turning away, someone defensively screws her mouth to one side.
streaking the sky with lines of smoke.
approaching in his long, black convertible, someone stops and grimaces as he watches the hydra factory burn.
as the sequined-clad dancers command their stage, the blonde sings to empty chairs in someone's bar.
someone watches her and someone looks up from pouring a drink.
then moves the woman down the hall.
someone stares across the property.
follows without a light, his figure disappearing in the blackness behind his father.
someone puts on her glasses and exhales.
lights flash among the crowd of cheering men and women.
someone mugs a comical frown.
our view sweeps up the towering circular capitol records building.
she hugs him and pats his back.
the aliens scramble out of the basement, then race across the store, knocking over lawn furniture.
he drops to the water, landing on his back.
the young man lowers his arm as she steps through the window with someone and the cyclone-maker.
someone's look goes from smiley to severe in a split second.
he gives them a pleased look.
now as she enters her apartment building's lobby, her list fades into view.
a hand pulls a suit jacket from a rack.
she leans forward and kisses someone on the cheek
she took a photo.
a side door slides open and a duffel bag hits the pavement.
inside the club, someone strolls up to someone, who sits at a table looking through a stack of paperwork.
a snake glides onto someone's shoulder and she flings it aside.
a man in a white mantle and coif joins them.
the next morning, someone lies face down on her hotel bed still wearing the clothes from the previous night.
grinning, someone takes one step forward.
our view ascends along a fire escape.
briefly holds her own face as she breaks into sobs but tears slides down her cheek.
under water, someone flails his arms against the turbulence.
someone drums the table.
someone comes back out, guzzling water from a bottle.
it throws the men off him, sending them crashing across the room.
someone headlocks someone.
she comes back with the list of the murders, which gives their dates and locations.
someone's son points to a hole in a small metal tank.
she trots down to the other end of the carousel, hopping over bags.
they carry out the mattress.
someone high-fives his teammates and murmurs to master someone.
he glares down at the busted tail light and patch of white paint.
they halt in their tracks.
someone sets up his camera on a bench behind him.
still gazing skyward they both smile.
a nurse holds him back.
someone drives someone home.
as he tugs at the grappling tool, someone emerges from his covered quarters.
behind him someone glowers darkly at his captive.
as they race across the clearing, someone looks back to see the minotaur lift her car overhead and throw it.
someone gives a talk to guests.
he slips out of bed.
someone lifts her eyes to her laotong's calm face and twitches a tender smile.
someone fires into the clawing zombie mass.
someone lies unconscious under a cement slab.
one performer does backflips on stage.
she slaps the list down by her computer and folds her arms in a pout.
the dog eyes her as she hugs her husband from behind then leans over his shoulder and kisses him on his lips and forehead.
in a bedroom, someone rubs chelsea's lower stomach as they kiss.
someone eyes her father as he slows his pace and glides his hand over box number 475.
someone takes it out and flips through pages illustrated with diagrams.
now in speech class a blond student hyperactively swivels a lacrosse stick in her two-handed grip.
he raises his eyebrows and bares his teeth.
someone sets the board down.
she backs into his bedroom and closes the doors.
he gives a tender look.
someone and someone stare slack-jawed at someone's well-toned figure.
he lowers his gaze from the soldier.
pouncing at her side, he tickles her.
on campus, a passing student bumps into someone as she reads.
then regretfully shakes his head and summons a sorrowful breath.
both players lift their gazes as the auburn-haired young woman approaches with her dark-haired guard right behind her.
now, at an apartment complex, a smiling woman cradles her baby.
someone snatches it and strikes her.
the runaway train smashes through the station's huge front windows and falls into the street one story below.
seated on a couch, the young writer glances after him then opens the insurance file.
now, in a baggy black wet suit, he lugs the board over to the shaggy haired man's house.
he smile and drops his gaze.
pushing the cat's stomach like the heimlich maneuver, he forces the lizard out.
he leans toward someone's son.
the man from the porch sits by the window smoking his pipe.
sitting at a nearby computer, someone turns and watches her.
someone lies on the bed.
she spots a well-built man through a pair of open balcony doors as he exits a shower.
he grabs a weapon beside one of his dead men.
someone gets up from his station and faces her with his hands on his hips.
someone looks up, peering through a seemingly endless funnel of energy.
later, the baby blue ragtop crosses the bridge.
my sister asked me to return this to you.
back on the road, they resume listening to middlesex.
she sits hunched, turned slightly away.
she nervously glances around, and he smiles.
he goes out onto the porch,
sitting in her own, someone turns, peeking nervously over her shoulder.
from the car, someone watches his father return to the colonel who extends his hand.
the footage shows baer's trainer throwing a towel over the slugger's shoulder.
he puts it on, leaving only his eyes, nose, mouth, and chin exposed.
someone hangs up and sits on a bench.
she tucks the gun behind her back and climbs on her bike.
his chain rises by itself, winding around the demon.
as they stare, the emt furrows his brow and takes a step back.
with a flick of his hand, someone rips off a chunk of the sub, crushing the cyclone-maker.
away from the rising helicopter, followed by another chopper
she puts on eye shadow and powders her face with a make-up sponge.
later she dozes in front of it.
someone nervously sweeps a wisp of hair out of her face.
he heads toward his home, passing lush flowering shrubs.
she pats his hand and steps away.
he gazes after her gratefully.
someone wearing a tiara holds his palms together and bows.
now, a record plays on a turntable.
unlocking it she drops her keys.
one of the executives stares at someone as he nibbles the stick in small bites.
he binds someone's wrists.
waiting on the sidewalk, someone watches someone climb out of the vehicle.
now, from inside a speeding police cruiser, we watch the pair land in the street before us,
three minutes left,
he steps closer to her.
he picks up a bottle of wine.
the setting sun burns orange beyond the shadowed urban home.
now someone secures the canvas to the final hook and cowers beneath.
the mustached thug incinerates and the rider turns.
the locks turns.
as the uniformed boys head down the sidewalk outside the school gate, someone watches with fearful eyes.
then takes a can of coke from her fridge.
he aloofly sips his coffee.
they halt among tufted beach grass, and gaze up at the moon.
two guards trade a look.
he taps the syringe's barrel, then prepares to inject.
someone lowers his gaze and shakes his head.
someone sniffs it.
the flames reach into the night sky.
the sales attendant holds a time capsule to it and smiles.
moving his hands, someone expands the unisphere again.
across the street a person using binoculars focuses in on the model ship visible through someone's window.
in the stairwell, someone pauses briefly, looking down.
now as a bartender pours a line of shots, someone's former boss leans into view beside her.
as two soldiers talk nearby a bullet strikes the tanker which explodes.
someone shoots it in the shoulder.
she grabs her own breast.
someone approaches from the opposite direction.
she slips a note in between the pane and the sill, and gently pounds the window frame.
the rider deftly weaves around the truck.
someone reaches for his walkie.
the man, now in a raincoat, walks under a parked south jet airplane.
she closes her dark-lashed eyes and raises both arms.
he notices a commercial property for lease in a strip mall.
as someone approaches, he puts the remainder back in a bowl and dusts his hands off on his pants.
someone steps up onto a chair.
carefully lifting the large helmet off completely, he reveals a human-like head.
someone follows his gaze to the boy, who gives a menacing look.
they get in someone's car.
at the top of the foyer stairs, someone steps out in a dress.
from the kitchen table, someone stares at her dead parents, her body trembling slightly.
he hops over a low wall and onto a roadway.
she rests her face on someone's shoulder.
his body covered in a downy white comforter.
someone approaches another closed door and turns the knob.
standing in front of the projector, someone gazes at images on someone's shirt.
she tases him.
but someone swoops past her and grabs it.
as the doors slide shut, closing someone inside,
she sits between them.
now he sleeps curled up in bed while someone lies awake at his side.
each wearing form-fitting blue-and-yellow jumpsuits, someone, someone, someone, and mystique stand side by side.
as someone and his friends watch, someone mouths, "this woman's crazy."
behind her, someone appears in his undershirt and leans through an open-air interior window.
later, he places a wooden cigar box on his bed and sets the unopened envelope inside.
someone grabs a pistol from under his sedan's backseat and hustles off.
he heads off.
someone wags his finger from his chin.
sitting alone on a long bench, someone thoughtfully pieces through her collective notes, which include the coaster.
as she places it in her shallow vegetable basket someone strolls into the garden.
as helooks at the nurse's kind expression, someone's vision gets blurrier, and he closes his eyes.
the boy drops the jacket, then flings it onto the peg.
we see bloodstains on box 392.
someone hikes away.
as a man tips over the railing, his date catches his leg.
someone knocks a pot plant off the fire escape.
a woman bursts in with a broken light fixture.
the boy lifts his brow expectantly.
now someone and someone lie side-by-side
with glistening eyes, someone watches him through her rear-view mirror.
who sleeps below with his arms wrapped around his sword.
the pitcher falls off.
their friends watch through one of the truck's windows.
as his two prodigal agents hug him, he shrugs them off.
he slips but catches himself.
someone fills his wine glass.
a shiny space suit lies amid the rubble.
as they go, someone faces someone delightedly.
later, they walk across an athletic field.
standing behind his desk, someone stares at someone.
he starts to cry.
someone points to a penguin sitting on the snow globe.
the four survivors sit pensively by the hearth.
the combined notes reveal a set of coordinates.
someone's flippered feet paddle out of view.
next year, they plan to add giraffes.
someone chucks it down.
in the roadster, someone stirs weakly then wakes.
he runs on board.
someone reads a letter.
later, she carries it out.
someone opens a pair of doors.
the two cling to each other in a fast embrace, then draw someone, someone
he spins around the room erratically.
someone bends, ducking a kick from someone.
someone gazes after him worriedly.
he tosses up his hands, leaving her in the candle-filled room.
the bike jumps back and forth over campervans.
later, someone and someone walk ahead of the kids.
the car makes a slight left and rolls to a stop.
he shows a middle-aged clerk the photos of the woman from the parade
he faces the compassionate young man.
someone glances back at pepper potts's blond assistant, who shakes her head.
she rests her chin on her hand and re-reads the passage.
he sits up and throws off the blanket.
the lion licks his chops.
she heads off.
someone wanders over to the water to shake out the sand.
arrows point to someone's privates.
he hurries beside someone who gallops excitedly towards.
the janitor enters and the guard shuts the door behind him.
he tries to high five someone.
on tv, someone wraps the duck in pastry dough.
as someone watches his son leave, someone looks over at him.
blinking, he faces someone.
someone watches her own clock dip under one minute.
as weyland turns and walks away, his surroundings blink out.
an mp eyes them as they walk down the hallway into a large operating theater filled with machines and electronic devices.
someone steps closer to someone, who licks his lips and swallows.
someone stares at her, sitting in a wheelchair.
someone hugs snowy to his chest,
the mastermind peels back his dark hood, then dons his sunglasses.
high on the bluffs with someone by his side, someone raises a pair of binoculars to his eyes.
everyone turns to face someone, who wears the suit with the mask flipped up.
someone notices the young man.
now with the convertible's top up, the couple arrives at a wooden gate.
someone watches from outside the gate, then slowly moves towards to courtyard congregation.
someone's eyes blink heavily.
he heads toward the queen.
backstage, a worried someone approaches someone.
someone, aka someone, clumsily steps out in loafer pumps.
shifts his stunned gaze.
as the fbi agent shifts to another window trying to find the guard,
getting his bearings, he looks back at the lifeboat, then gazes out over the roiling water.
in the house, someone turns on the light.
it reads, spar, 1993 to 2010, our unforgettable friend and features a photo illustration of the bengal tiger.
the men crash through an exhibit's geodesic dome, bounce across rocks at the base of a small waterfall, and land in a shallow stream.
as the thugs swap a look, someone grabs a world atlas and knocks them unconscious with it.
later, he prepares for the dive.
someone ambles off.
someone steps to a bookcase and touches the top of a book.
meanwhile, someone parries another giant's attacks.
now more panels merge close, cutting someone off.
the guard and the others leave.
someone rubs his shoulder.
a small submarine rises out of the water.
now lightning flashes in the sky as someone drives.
he turns the case, offering the grieving woman a cigarette.
he places his penguin in the crate.
it's crawling with mice.
the camera tapes someone pointing a toy light saber at woman's shopping cart.
as someone lowers his gaze, a seated patron reaches out.
someone adds graffiti.
someone peering inside.
the man's next shot hits someone.
under water, the mangled body dismembers as it sinks.
someone turns and elbows the soldier in the face, he grabs the soldier's rifle, and knocks him out with its butt.
someone climbs down.
someone remains seated at someone's side.
later, a door labeled "6c" opens.
his eyes widen, as data appears on the multitude of computer monitors stacked around the room.
someone looks to the ceiling, bites her lip,
someone launches into his arms.
beside him, the teen shifts his intimidated gaze
turns its face to the mother ship.
she looks at him through bleary eyes.
higher up, smaller spheres with concentric orbital rings revolve around the disk.
the anchors take notes.
he goes to the bed.
she lowers her passenger side window.
someone looks to her little sister who gives a brave nod.
they step off the road.
longhaired someone approaches.
someone runs up to him and swings the metal bar.
she quickly turns her back to him.
she touches one of her mother as she passes.
in the datsun someone chugs a 5-hour energy shot while eating a cheeseburger.
at night, they play monopoly by a fancy fireplace.
someone leads someone down a hall into a luxurious living room.
he rolls ahead.
someone cups a hand to his mouth.
someone climbs over the twisted train tracks and finds preston standing near someone on the other side.
a couple of yards ahead, an agent on the phone sits at his desk, unaware of someone's
a speeding bullet grazes someone's arm, another tears through someone's head, killing him.
later, the passengers file off the ferry, past a tv showing a newscast.
the older man flings him into a giant ball pit.
he lowers the phone.
on the arena floor, someone watches someone's first match anxiously.
now, on the vanger estate someone smiles at the sight of a parked car.
someone and someone clasp their hands.
as the two criminals get into the parked car.
she offers a weak smile.
she changes the radio station and turns her tender gaze to someone.
a high ranking iraqi official code named magellan gave compelling information about iraq's wmd program.
someone reaches into his coat.
on his belly, someone continues doggedly through a patch of yellow weeds.
the text mimics his movements.
standing with a host of frost giants, someone grins.
someone spills out of the cab and onto a stack of crates.
a band master holds up his hand and four drummers stop.
scratch and rembrandt swap a look.
the full-bodied and now fashion-forward someone emerges from the side door.
the man paints a piece of cheese resting on a table between two mice sitting in a pergola.
someone thrusts his fists and strikes a pose, later, he shoves his hands out, palms forward.
sitting on a crate, someone furrows his brow thoughtfully.
the giant leaps at someone, who turns translucent.
he hangs upside down.
within, a microscopic view shows golden strands of dna blackening, then breaking apart.
he shoos the dog off the couch.
he lights it.
someone fires his shotgun as he passes zombies.
he opens a blue cabinet and the top hinge breaks loose.
a breaking wave sends up a giant blast of foam and spray.
someone peeks over the side glimpsing the burning structure underneath.
girl flops down on her bed, her head at its foot.
someone's car follows down the driveway.
taking a break, someone thoughtfully wipes his hands off with a rag.
someone turns back to the basket and shoots.
someone wears a lobster taped to his back.
as he sits back, he sees two opposing players skate past with smug stares.
she holds a finger up to her face, as if just remembering something.
the blizzard drives a heavy snowfall almost sideways.
she flourishes her wrist and gives a satisfied smile.
they lean in and kiss tenderly.
someone watches someone leave with a big smile that fades as she faces someone.
someone pours some scioclean into a glass, holds it up towards someone, and drinks it.
someone sets hers down and smiles.
someone jerks his head and stalks off.
outside someone mnemonic, someone glances around without seeing him, then heads down a sidewalk.
someone joins him in making the arrest.
someone holds someone back as someone and the other agents get into their vehicles and drive away.
an nyu sticker decorates it.
someone gives a surprised look.
she looks toward the corner table.
someone enters, sets down a bucket near several sleeping men and ambles over to tuck, who hands him a cup.
at her post, someone turns to find someone's motorcycle erupting flames as the engine starts by itself.
she keeps after him.
later, in a veterinary lab, he finds a stack of surgical masks.
as the counselor continues speaking, someone's face crumples in anguish.
someone strides through the hanger and grabs a flamethrower.
grabbing someone's shirt, someone lifts his captive to his feet.
in a research lab, someone and someone join someone at a bulletin board covered with pictures of the magnetic storm.
he takes a cautious step toward the boy's pillow,
later she meets someone at the bar.
as they walk over toward a fountain, four little girls run past.
putting her arms around him.
he fetches his sneakers.
now, someone opens a door and steps into the suite's dark living room.
as the view descends, showing her upside down, she stares vacantly.
resting her chin on his shoulder,
the well-dressed man ends the call.
he grabs a skewered marshmallow and swallows it whole.
someone, someone, someone, and the teens stare up at the palatial manor house.
the soldiers watch the fully formed ship as it prepares to fly away.
the vampires wait as their brooding leader steps away from the casket.
he slowly sinks out of view.
where someone is continuing his presentation.
she sits decisively.
onstage, someone's thrusters fire up.
now someone and someone make out in his car.
the creature lifts the engineer off the floor.
someone squeezes his arm and murmurs.
someone gets out and races away.
someone heads for the seated group.
he steps around the desk and whispers in his brother's ear.
someone turns and wheels her suitcase through a set of automatic doors underneath the sign for terminal 1.
someone closes his magazine and extends his hand.
someone returns to the table, where someone raises an eyebrow.
she spins toward him, punches him in the throat, then kicks him.
he looks at someone, the bullet now lodged in the dead man's right eye.
carrying the boy, someone runs down an alley, then fires back at someone as he ducks behind a metal tank.
someone steps closer and looms over them coldly.
the boy drapes an arm over his eyes as they arrive at his side.
and lands on another tree branch.
he wanders slowly to open the front door.
she folds her arms across her chest and sullenly obeys.
the fbi agent watches someone park in front of a warehouse.
appears down the tracks.
we float down an aisle between seated college girls.
someone returns her gaze to her initial visitor, then changes back to her human form.
knocking a price marker down and upsetting some loose apples.
then rests her cheek against his shoulder.
they reach the outer gate of their apartment complex.
someone clenches his jaw, staring off, as the boy rifles through the photos.
a smoking trail zooms through the night sky making its way past the pointed art deco crown of the chrysler building.
a transparent silhouette of a warrior in a kung fu pose tops each, the tallest trophy depicting a nearly-vertical high kick.
he has a contract in hand.
a bedside lamp shines its harsh light on someone's bruised face.
they step up to the bars.
he moves in to kiss her again, then pulls back with a smile.
he kisses her, then sees the newcomers.
she kisses her daughter's head as someone puts on his shoes.
someone sees a wired vest underneath his green army jacket.
someone's little sister runs of to join her football team on the pitch.
a cartoon sun peaks out of her cloud mini skirt.
the army drones march double-time behind the fleeing crowd, then stop.
she massages someone with a choke cold.
he turns again as something falls beyond the tree line.
later someone holds a small book.
the blonde turns back to the bartender.
snoring beside her is grandma someone.
wall which crumbles around him.
he opens his eyes.
the sedan drives off, and our view leaves a window to find someone asleep on the couch.
as someone eyes him curiously, he hangs his head.
king someone removes one of his rings and holds it up.
she returns to the kitchen.
he makes an oh-face.
above, the command module reaches the mothership.
scarring the landscape, deep furrows run toward the remains of the crashed plane.
someone walks over and gazes at the skyline.
orange juice gives hers a shake, the throws it down.
then approaches a sprawling elegant manor house with a circular driveway.
someone gets in a convertible and wrestles her bag down beside her.
standing just out of view by the doorway, someone clenches a fist.
meanwhile, someone pushes a plate of half-eaten food away and rests his head on his hand.
someone grabs the bag.
finding a photo of herself on the box's lid,
he wanders out of the shop past another happy couple holding hands.
on and leans against a wall as she holds the receiver to her ear.
she steps forward, her jaw hanging slack.
she faces him amazedly.
someone lifts the metal grate off the floor.
someone's smile fades and his eyes shift.
someone turns and knocks the metal from someone's hand with a whip.
on the one way street, the thug yanks a woman from her mini-van, gets in, and speeds off.
taking a sip, she stares to someone.
someone stands in his kitchen, eating a bowl of cereal.
at the gallery, someone's aunt walks someone through the exhibit on chinese foot binding.
someone stares tenderly at him.
as someone walks away, two leaves break away from the top of the tree, then drift to the ground.
someone caresses his neck and their lips hover less than an inch apart.
someone reaches the center line with his teammates and exhales through pursed lips.
someone trudges over and sits.
someone trips and falls face down.
someone shoots a glance back then follows.
tvs in the store window, show celebrities on red carpets.
the doctor scans rogers' long medical file.
carrying a gift bag, someone climbs the front steps
the breach opens onto a motor pool containing dozens of armored mnu pickups.
a patient climbs the stairs.
he hops around.
stepping around the corner he scans the area.
pushing out a tired breath, someone paddles on.
barefoot someone walks among them.
now, someone exits the cottage and stares out into the darkness with the flashlight at her side.
he shuffles around the fold out bed, shrugs, and takes a seat.
she gives a mocking curtsy, then storms off, shoving her fingers in her mouth.
building a canvas canopy attached to a wooden cross.
as it comes to a stop, sand blots out our view.
wincing, the scientist leans his head back, then puts a finger beneath her chin, and guides her face upward.
as the narrator wheels his suitcase around to the passenger side,
the flaming boom swivels around.
he turns and stares toward the adjacent junkyard which is obscured behind trees then returns to his repairs.
setting down her embroidery hoop, the matronly woman lifts a lid off her teacup.
a hoard of zombies approach him.
as he flattens himself against the wall, the boy's parents rush in.
she tugs open her car door and gets behind the wheel.
nearby, someone's father aims his cell phone camera.
but finds no sign of someone.
three guests arrive.
at the cia, he throws down a file.
now, someone's suv travels a winding road among verdant hills.
they turn and see an upstairs light come on in the house.
he holds the flowers out over the kitchen table.
his tongue flicking back and forth over its invisible tip.
smiling, she goes and strokes its nose.
turning away, she tosses someone's gift into a dumpster against the side of a building.
he leads her to the dance floor and flings off his jacket.
someone's mirthful grin vanishes and she stares at someone.
282 rewinds to 34.
the terrified teen keeps her eyes on the roof.
now at night, she smokes on the banquette.
she sets one page aside and peruses the next with glistening eyes.
someone's bearded driver narrows his eyes.
someone takes the remote from the boy.
on the roof, he jabs again.
now a view through a periscope sweeps across a vacant ocean.
lord someone stares, his reddened face almost queasy.
she leaps back to him, wrapping her arms around his neck.
the guard shoots into ghost rider's open mouth.
this is the story of someone and someone,
taking his hand, she presses her lips to it.
she wrenches the fork from his fingers, and spears some lettuce.
someone leaves another chalkboard and resumes his seat.
grinning proudly, someone pours orange juice.
the dancers rush off clapping.
they hurry to the centaur, who bears the teacher's upper body.
we pan over to three girls chatting by a leaf blower.
someone looks down at someone.
the remote rolls out.
she nods and the man reaches his hand toward her dog.
with a smile, someone strides away.
now, sitting on a blanket on the beach, someone leans back on his hands.
she lifts her chin.
her view finds the suv rounding a bend.
they're vehicles sit parked nearby, emergency lights flashing.
he catches a third boy's leg in the sleeve, then guides his foot into someone's chest.
someone tosses it down bitterly.
reaching the upstairs landing, he peers over the railing.
someone shoves someone into some shelves.
as they take each other's hands amid the whirling shards, an outer door opens on the ship.
later someone spots her in the lobby.
someone quickly fires, then retracts behind a cement pillar.
he grabs a radio handset.
she bags the sandwiches.
they screech to a stop on an empty road.
the two men bow to each other.
that night, someone walks someone to her house.
the next day, someone peers into someone's pit to find someone hanging a giant whiffle ball from the tree.
someone swings her gun like a bat downing a pyramid of rawhide drums.
someone tilts his head back and takes a big gulp.
but the frenchman rides out
someone smiles warmly.
at night, the mustang parks at a curb outside their store.
tyler smacks his oar.
he turns to find his primitive friend feigning
the motorcycle whizzes through an empty parking structure.
someone looks around and notices the someone dynasty urn standing upright.
later, he lies back, his hands over his face.
the bird flies off with the last scroll in its beak.
fire engulfs a winged skeleton.
later, the storm continues to pelt someone.
he takes a sip of water.
she scoots off the table.
she places her hand on his
wide-eyed, someone swallows, then glances nervously.
a small green chair sits next to an open wardrobe and a small crystal chandelier hangs over the room.
he eyes someone with a furrowed brow, then springs up and hurries after her.
the hyena retreats to the boat's stern and cowers.
someone spots the surveillance camera on the bridge.
he finds someone harvey's book.
he struggles to open it.
someone reaches a stairwell and descends just as the elevator arrives.
someone comes out from the school.
someone node wryly.
someone lifts his hand to the light on his own helmet and switches it off.
someone puts a dagger to someone's throat.
someone raises the flare gun beside his sullen face and fires upward.
she slips inside the alcove and draws the curtain.
now, someone and barton enter a stairwell.
he averts his gaze.
leaning over, someone gives him a kiss on the cheek.
his boss exhales a plume of smoke as he crosses to a railing and gazes out over his grounds.
someone reaches out as they draw closer.
the man drives them along a coastal road in his boxy white van.
gaze.
with his head lowered, he takes a deep breath.
a large panel illustrates a smiling krishna holding his mouth open.
she takes a small hook out of her purse and hangs the bag on the table.
heading further in, she passes a mirror dotted with stickers and photographs.
agents swarm into the library.
standing behind his son, he looks at someone and his expression softens.
he sits cross-legged on an old icebox.
they slowly ride across the someone plains.
it's clouded glass clears revealing holloway's colleague.
it winks down at him as it flies off.
as he extracts a tooth,
he spreads them wide, lifting his palms and skeleton face exultingly toward the heavens.
he slides the carriage.
she flashes a meek smile.
returning to the hostess stand he peers inside the crowded restaurant, then proceeds inside.
he kneels close to hers, and gives her an emotional hug.
it reaches a high branch and gazes out over its surroundings.
someone sulks off.
someone eyes someone then looks away just as she turns to face him.
from the point of contact, radiant energy expands and consumes his form.
someone clutches her wounded shoulder as she heads up a ramp.
they both beacon someone, urging her to clear out of the way.
it displays a document titled, falsification of wmd intel, the truth about magellan.
later, the taxi drives over the multispan rainbow arch bridge from the mainland to the island.
she heads inside.
keeping his weapon ready, someone presses his lips together and plants his feet.
someone hugs him.
someone shakes them.
the anderson sisters spot the group on stage.
one with close cropped hair crouches, waxing his down.
he kisses her neck.
she uncomfortably shifts her gaze.
at a game, a ref drops the puck.
in drama, someone stands on a small stage facing the class.
he enters the bedroom and tosses a copy of the new issue to someone.
wearing a nightgown, someone finds nine girls seating at a round table topped with candles.
someone and his teammates skate across the ice.
just outside the giant safes, someone stands with her rifle.
later, he steps out front with a grocery bag and a cigarette hanging from his mouth.
someone grabs a pool queue and swings it like a staff.
someone watches the mysterious cat.
someone lifts his arms, then releases a powerful frontward kick.
someone and someone walk indoors together and kiss passionately.
the fire glows gold on her young face.
someone raises an arm victoriously, and so does someone.
backstage someone and her performers join hands then raise their arms in unison.
someone pops up again.
she presses a red button on the wall.
someone tenderly caresses her hair and someone peers longingly at him.
they enter a friendly stylish home where open double doors reveal a beachfront patio.
someone takes off his jacket and drapes it over a low cabinet.
the destroyer's visor slides open revealing fiery light.
she raises her club and beats the laundry stoically.
someone cuts his hands free, as someone lunges at someone.
she hugs him.
with a smitten look, she leaves with him.
as someone leaves, someone counts the entries on her list.
the smiling woman shakes her drenched bag.
she heads upstairs.
the archer dismounts and his men follow suit.
someone swings his jacket around his shoulders, pauses, takes it off, and drapes it on the peg.
across the club, someone watches the thugs unnoticed.
she takes a seat facing his desk.
inserting it further, someone turns the cylinder clockwise,
as the glitter clears, her dress has changed from striped to one covered in flames.
he wipes out and his bike slides underneath the vehicle.
peeking inside, he finds a group of journalists working at computers.
someone walks someone to his car, a blue bmw.
he points to someone's crotch.
she glances away, then shoots him a contemplative look.
the two men take aim at each other, the narrator trembling.
someone brings a pizza box into the dining room.
she glares at him.
someone holds up an old playbill.
someone reads the cover, then gapes at someone.
she holds a picture.
the child throws it back in his face.
later, in her posh disguise someone steps out of a rolls royce.
he shifts his eyes uneasily.
stepping inside.
someone joins her on the floor.
the front door behind her opens and a goat steps inside.
someone screams at the guards, who sink to their knees before him.
as someone's chest heaves she nods and lowers her tearful gaze.
inspecting the cargo, he finds more rocks in place of the silver.
an suv bumps them from behind.
he shows someone a set of keys.
inside, a crowded courtroom erupts as the soldiers escort the man.
its glass door shows a rack built for four rifles.
makes a mechanical wood carved man pump up and down.
then she walks away.
one man knocks another man out of the train's path as it crashes through a newsstand.
someone breaks open a melon-like fruit.
now as they arrive home someone storms out and meets them on the porch.
someone wears seven colorful medals.
she grabs his head by the hair, pulls his head to hers and pinches his tongue.
the clerk at the desk watches as someone tosses a pinch of amnesia dust in someone's face.
someone folds his hands.
he pulls himself along.
he notices a woman standing behind
as they shake their butts at the audience, someone imitates them and someone grins.
he slides his feet to the floor and sits up.
he slips his wrist into the cuff-like scanner and watches his clock's balance count down.
they return to the main floor.
his teacher's gaze remains locked on the vehicle as someone strides by.
he tosses the bag to berk.
someone lounges in a chair.
someone watches her go, with a peaceful smile, and wanders in her general direction.
someone arrives at her side.
flying low over city rooftops, the helicopter banks to its left.
she shuts the parlor door.
now, two monstrous bronze faces form door handles.
at home, someone finds a note taped to a mirror written on sheet music paper: going out.
someone shrugs his hand and steps forward.
someone stares fearlessly into the strange gun's blazing barrel.
she pounds a touchscreen, a tentacle shoots out through the med pod station doors lashes around the engineer's throat and tackles him, taking someone down with them.
as he strolls into the spacious living room, someone notices his muddy footprints on a light rug.
he spits.
on the ground, someone and his men stick to the shadows and post themselves.
someone kisses the cash and tucks it away.
visible under the ice, a symbol consisting of a white star and a blue circle with a wide, red border.
sear themselves into the tops of two burgers.
someone studies her with a thoughtful gaze.
the man pats his empty pocket then glances around himself.
the inspector turns and picks up the wrench then stares up at the clock.
someone's breath grows ragged and his chin quivers.
they both sit staring ahead stony faced.
someone's expression softens as she stares towards the windows, one hand tucked behind her head.
now the family suv pulls up outside another school.
she pulls the flaps open and finds it packed with medical equipment.
his wife indifferently sips her drink.
someone rides shotgun as he makes a right turn into a parking lot.
the bank employee staggers over to one of the robbers standing in the doorway.
someone holsters his gun and someone hurls another piece.
someone whips around and shoots players surrounding him.
a tear rolls down his nose.
the agent hurries off.
now she lays out an assortment of handguns,
outside, two uniformed men carry a body-bag from the house, past policemen and parked patrol cars with flashing blue lights.
the stage curtain falls.
collecting his book bag, someone heads off.
someone glares at someone, his lips curved into a frown.
someone strokes someone's cheek.
popping up on one knee, someone aims his gun at the door, which slowly swings open.
she lights up.
light from his partner's helmet dwindles on the dying man.
now, in the courtyard, someone holds an umbrella over someone as the boy takes off his jacket,
the executive smiles at the monitors.
she removes a rubber band from a stack of someone's letters.
wearing an outfit with yellow sleeves, she eats a sandwich, kicking her leg out of boredom.
outside the operation center, someone shifts her eyes.
her eyes glow red and she smirks.
she gestures for the young woman to come over.
the face plate on someone's helmet flips up.
outside, the crane raises the man with the crossbow above the crater with a direct view of someone.
he throws the ball, then grabs a racket.
seeing him, the young teacher turns away.
someone smiles broadly.
someone parries his blows, then elbows him in the chest.
someone meanders down to the water's edge and stops a few feet from the woman.
his hands rest on the counter, a few inches from the wind-up mouse.
someone and his cousin sit up front.
then hides in the safety deposit vault.
the asgardians hurry away with someone's group as someone stands his ground.
someone gives a bashful smile.
and sniffs a knick knack.
she climbs out of bed and grabs a blanket then swipes the pillow out from behind someone's head.
as they slide down, the helicopter gets into position and fires at it.
someone peers into the enclosure, then turns his suspicious gaze on the others.
holloway lowers his drink as the cells on the engineer's head change.
stepping closer, shane rests his stick on his shoulder.
ghost rider carries the boy to his mother.
someone's gaze drifts and he marches into the control room.
an audience member records him.
someone glances around the room then heads toward someone.
the principal heads off.
someone someone sits down on the starboard bench and scowls.
his hand drifts to her waist, then slips down her slinky dark pink dress.
someone glances around at everyone talking at once.
someone shuts his passenger door.
snow drifts down on the plot where a small number of gravestones are clustered.
he shifts his gaze then nods.
the car rises several stories high.
someone wanders out and someone strokes the dog.
he eats a nut.
someone lifts his chin, smirking triumphantly as he maintains eye contact with his rival.
she spits fireballs, knocking him off of his feet, and scorching the disc on his chest.
someone looks at someone, then marches up the stairs.
he struggles through the narrow tunnel.
a man follows the inspectors.
someone swallows and licks his dry lips.
someone's mind's eye zooms past a barbed-wire fence protecting the mansion
someone steps away.
he high steps through the thick snow on the ground and runs onward.
she winces as she watches.
captain someone hugs snowy to his chest as the ship's metal keel slices through the water like a knife.
someone stares at someone, then gazes up at the tree.
the animatronic monster retracts, taking the zombie with it.
spotting the plush gift, someone picks it up.
a car swerves and rolls onto its roof, then slides to a spinning top.
someone arrives at someone's side.
inside, tears stream down someone's face.
he points at the well-dressed man.
later, someone stands by as someone paces the empty chamber.
someone turns off his walkie-talkie.
downstairs three tough looking teens enter and strut toward someone and someone.
someone presses a remote then explodes.
their feet on their desks, they take turns throwing.
he gently grabs the skirt of her robe
swinging it open, he finds a power box inside and
he takes off his shirt and inspects the wound.
next to a notarys embossed stamp, he locates someones signature on a line labeled plaintiff.
someone smiles sadly at someone, who gives a nostalgic nod.
the rider wheels around to face him.
later, he paddles with a flow of a swelling wave, as its foaming crest reaches his board, he gets to his feet and surfs it until it breaks.
later, the beat up sedan speeds down a dimly lit road with the fbi agent following close behind.
he grabs the refugee with his alien hand, then collapses.
someone eyes his wife then follows someone to the stairs.
someone grips the front seats and tries pulling her hips through the opening.
someone sneers at the woman as he walks off.
all is dark apart from a slit of yellow light at a window.
two guards rush in and huddle over the king.
then crouches at his toys.
spar nudges his head closer to someone.
he steps up to the doors.
cast, he looks into her eyes.
someone shows a photo.
elsewhere, the now light-haired someone steps into a suburban home and hugs her short white haired grandmother.
it reads, "presenting someone struthers, 8:00 pm."
he turns off his music and looks at someone with interest.
now, amid the flow of pedestrians on the sidewalk, she strides along with a down-hearted look.
he looks earnest.
someone loses his pistol as a second punch knocks him down.
a hefty patron looks around the room then gets up.
someone exits an elevator, carrying three coffees.
dancers twirl in midair high above the stage.
tiny particles erupt into vibrant pockets of glowing light.
a hyena emerges from the canvas shelter.
he pauses and watches the young man, who turns around and stares at his father.
someone tosses out a sunshade which wraps around the biker's face.
just footsteps behind, someone follows.
someone tries to climb over the inner wall, but someone grabs him and throws him to the ground.
the guy who jumped on the back takes the saddle and escapes.
the driver checks her out.
it shows chelsea and a tall, dark-haired boy making out in a closet.
he slides one of two folders atop the desk toward himself and studies the cover.
he makes the tiny figure dance.
someone accompanies him down the sidewalk.
someone picks up someone's mobile by mistake and goes out.
as the kids gawk at him, someone reaches into his pocket and takes out his cell.
in the film, someone stark sits on the front of a large desk.
meanwhile, another giant knocks down someone, but someone dispatches him with a flying knife.
she awkwardly gets to her feet.
at home, they're on a sofa watching a dvd called sweet and shower.
someone racks the weights and sits up.
she sees someone hurrying out the door.
someone bites her thumb.
as they detonate, missiles fly from russia to the us and explode.
she slaps him, then cups a hand over his mouth.
later, someone sits dejectedly on the edge of someone's bed.
he crouches by his gravely injured colleague.
leading her downstairs, he meets two guests.,
he lifts the balding plastic trash bag out of the trash can, and carries it outside.
catching his breath, he smooths his graying hair and steps away.
she holds her gaze steady.
someone, who smiles and nods to him.
collapsing to the floor, someone reaches up toward someone then falls motionless.
someone lights another sparkler and glances around at several tunnels.
later, he lights nearly a dozen candles of varying sizes and colors.
someone taps her.
in the finished movie, someone blocks bullets with his arrowhead-shaped shield, then fires a machine gun as he leads a squad of soldiers into battle.
the guards zip someone into a body bag.
someone frowns curiously and peeks under the sheet, finding someone halfway across the roof.
he lifts his wig.
she continues onward, leaving the party.
someone's gaze follows someone outside the windows as the boy halts in the middle of the street.
then puts on his reading glasses, picks up someone's bible and flips to leviticus chapters 3-4.
later, someone enters her apartment.
in the woods, someone and his men creep halfway down the hill.
the toy sword drops to the carpet.
he shrugs at her.
he holds up a hand.
sitting back up, he starts his engine.
in the transport, someone stands with his arms bound behind him, and peers out a cracked window at the abduction.
as someone keeps grooving onstage, someone has a go dancing on a table.
someone grasps his arm then sits next to him.
the boy rushes to her.
someone stares at someone then gazes downward.
someone wears someone's wig.
she sways dreamily on her feet, then lifts her head and slips her hands into the pockets with a heavy sigh.
they hold hands as they look out over paris.
she adjusts it outside the interrogation room.
he glances aside and smiles.
she stands and shuts the door behind her, strolling off.
someone stares after her, glances back over his shoulder and follows.
someone takes them into a cozy study and gestures someone to a leather armchair.
the promoter reaches into his pocket then lets a handful of coins slide into the hat.
as her mother uninhibitedly jumps up and down, someone shoots someone an uneasy glance.
he gazes out a window at a party in the yard next door.
his books fall out.
he hits the side of an suv, caving it in.
as she adds hot sauce, someone creeps downstairs and musters a casual demeanor.
firing their weapons, the air force drones zip through the sky after someone.
backing away, he drops the shovel and turns.
the businessman backs up a few steps,
someone pauses and watches the two young women head to the front door.
they gaze at the tree.
now, someone lies down beside someone on the bed.
in asgard, someone and his mother someone sit on either side of someone, who lies in a bed beneath a translucent golden barrier.
someone stares at the locket which opens revealing a photograph of someone's brunette mother holding someone as a baby.
someone prepares the cigarette.
haired businessman locks eyes with someone seriously.
a brooch of the tentacled skull is pinned on his lapel.
someone and another worker climb out from the grave which is filled with a long row of coffins.
she points at everyone.
someone runs off with her tray.
he ducks a thrown rock, which smashes into a statue.
it reads, boyles - urgent check in.
a smudge of smoking embers stands in place of the goateed henchman.
someone rushes to a floating body bag and gently pulls it open to reveal someone' lifeless face.
someone watches as the two thugs escort his ex-wife through the strip club.
beneath an overpass, a car evades someone and hits the wall.
someone hugs the tall furry cat and waves to the audience and dances.
thick smoke blows across the crash site as someone returns to the destroyed depot.
someone grins at the apprehensive woman.
someone turns his head toward the sky, his eyes tracking the helicopter above, then looks back at the mnu vehicle.
his flashlight beam shines through a huge emerald-like stone jutting from its center.
someone's allies watch as the beast shakes its head free, revealing a wide mouth filled with fangs.
the gaunt voyager's hand trembles as he reaches toward the beast's massive head.
he picks up her suitcase.
he slings his bag onto his shoulder.
as the train speeds alongside a wall, someone nearly crashes into some jutting rocks.
they pull down their masks and barge inside.
he slowly turns the base.
he smiles and nods.
a deploying airbag wallops heinrich's face and he careens into a mobile construction light.
he holds his fists curled up toward his chest.
the caption, sexual offender, remained under the photo of someone someone.
her blog is titled - the someone, someone project.
the two men dig through large spools of white thread.
camera flashes erupt around him as he ends a call on his cellphone.
as she smooths the final crease, creating its wings,
someone stares then musters a nod.
maccready's daredevil past,
later, in a rundown alley someone leads the pair away from his car.
she fishes out her phone and turns it off.
someone ushers pepper out one way while someone hurries out another.
pressing against him, someone puts her free hand on his shoulder as she turns the meat.
her mother enters, bearing a green box wrapped with a blue ribbon.
as someone heads upstairs, he gives someone a pat on the back.
he reaches a crowded video game arcade and pauses, gazing about.
she nods again, her face solemn.
do you like me?
some garbage, finds a trash bag and eats a piece of thrown out food.
the lightning thief pulls out his sword.
sitting alone, the young blond sips her fountain drink and gazes across the court.
someone kicks him away.
she answers the door.
he swings his hammer down upon the bridge, cracking it.
from behind her, an arm in a blazer flaps into view, its hand latching onto her breast.
someone leaps and grabs a cable, then swing over the heads of the battling soldiers.
someone inches closer, then glances down as someone takes her hand and kisses it.
he hand around her shoulder, someone gazes upward.
now, someone and someone enter the bank and jog up the main stairs to the lobby.
their seat-belts fastened.
in the movie house, words on the screen read the end.
she stares through darkly lined eyes.
two clips show someone at the police station, her face obscured.
someone clings to him, weeping.
in his parked car, someone spots someone and someone walking forward.
in the courtyard, young children in cheerleading uniforms do backflip.
someone sits on the opposite end of the bench.
they sit at the foot of someone's hospital bed.
someone stumbles down off a chair and someone hugs him.
the image of the figure on the porch fades to black.
he removes the busty woman.
she storms out.
scowling, he does as he's told.
the instructor stares down at them.
the riders jaws abruptly snap shut.
inside, the monitor shows an animated front door closing.
at home, someone has made herbal teas.
the cell battery flashes red.
someone raises both arms.
someone's hand shoots up and snatches someone out of the air as a bolt of lightning strikes it.
in tree-dappled moonlight, someone strolls into view, strumming a
someone surfaces with someone and shakes his hair out.
a metal stripe projects a paper-thin panel made of light.
the young man swallows then lets out a deep breath.
she flaps her jaw.
she faces him with a surprised expression, then allows a hopeful smile.
someone and two of her peers dance in perfect unison while the other students look on.
words ping out from his shotgun's smoking barrel, rule number 2, double tap.
at night, someone wearing a red and gold armor-like suit and helmet, stands in the bay of an airplane.
meanwhile, someone punches her detonator.
his thoughtful eyes shift to a truck heading in the opposite direction and he drops his flowers taking off after it.
at the bottom, guards open a gate.
with a calm look, someone sits beside someone, his hands folded.
a mustached man gives a serious look.
someone enters the code into a keypad on the wired vest.
someone shifts her gaze from coco to another dancer, who nods.
the tiger faces him, then steps down out of view.
later, they arrive at a stairway leading down to a footbridge.
a red racecar speeds up to someone, who raises his right arm and slices off the front of the car with a whip.
they kiss and hug.
outside the thugs light the dynamite's fuse then run for cover.
he looks up at them with extended arms.
crusader someone buries his face in his hands.
the coach's head becomes an ice cream cone.
he grabs the sandwich.
at his house, someone opens the crate.
the robot topples backward and lies motionless.
electronics clutter a nearby table.
as it speeds toward the garage's exit, the armored truck backs through a wall beside it and smashes into the vehicle's nose.
he gives a suggestive wink.
now someone sits in a small room.
removing their masks, the someone walk nonchalantly into a gift shop, followed by the penguins in single file.
another plops right in the water.
she stops and puts her hands in her coat pockets.
someone flips through dozens of blank pages filling the remainder of the notebook.
a grin slowly spreads across someone's face.
from the tower, little someone and someone watch as the zombie crowd below disperses and joins the swarm.
looking into the bathroom, she finds someone sitting on the toilet.
he sits on the ground.
then goes into his workshop.
they nod to her and leave.
the someone looks from the open door to someone.
her boyfriend points at someone, smiling warmly.
she leaves the confessional and rushes past a pew, knocking a bible from the seat.
then flourishes a hand in front of the unopened bottle.
she produces a key, unlocks a padlock, and opens the box to find an envelope inside.
a pickup truck passes by.
she enters an employee locker room.
someone's concierge opens the front door as they approach.
someone steps into the closet-sized safe, discards his fake, waxy gun, and grabs a pistol from the wall.
in the rearview mirror, she sees ghost rider closing in on his motorcycle.
the redhead trudges up the stairs to the vacant second floor apartment, toting a cat-carrier.
he takes out a cell phone.
gazing after her, someone flings the jacket up on its hook, with a broad sarcastic smile.
pursuing agents shoot the gunman as someone's car speeds away.
someone gets in the car.
as johnny turns back to the bedroom, the door bursts open.
furrowing his brow, the frost giants glowers back at him.
later, on calm waters, they kneel on their respective boards.
a male dancer lifts dark fabric up around someone, then lowers it revealing her in a red and white dress.
now, as scenes of violence and debauchery play interspersed with clips from the movie, titles appear.
he picks up.
now outside, they watch him as he goes, finishing an apple.
a few tickets stick up from the windshield wiper.
she kisses someone lustfully, running her fingers through his hair.
they make their way into a garage where a mechanic works on a police car.
he returns to his mirror.
a green night vision view shows them clearly.
his mother spots his jacket on the floor.
back at the desk, shutting the notebook,
someone meets his devilish gaze.
she nods emphatically.
he bravely looks her in the eye.
her assistant reappears on her computer monitor.
someone stomps out the rear window.
he gets up and leaves the garage.
clouds of steam rise up the lofty tower and drift past an enormous pendulum swinging back and forth.
meat seller smiles at his associates.
someone gives a thumbs up.
his nose and mouth hidden by cloth.
a dark sedan drives around the corner of the depository and pulls into a parking spot.
someone lifts her knee in a sexy pose with one of her backup dancers.
he hops over a pair of chairs, then leaps onto a window sill.
as the woman finds her car in its new space, someone nudges his shoulder against someone's.
someone twitches a faint smile.
now a selection of wedding dresses hangs on a rack.
someone steps out of a convertible car and falls.
wearing cowboy hats, the officer's head out.
later, he reads a label by candlelight.
he leans back against a pillar.
someone arrives home and finds someone already there.
backstage, someone runs up to someone, who holds a telephone.
as he writes one check after another, we glimpse an ocelot living in the zoo, then two curious ostriches.
the explorers escape and swim back to the surface.
he hands it off to his father, then readies an assault rifle for use.
a few still cling to the roof.
someone slides down the cable toward the tracks.
someone gives a faint smile.
he dries his hands with a towel and leads the way through the house to the front door.
a waiter serves cheese.
someone sits in mort's chair.
the train stops and she steps down onto a railway platform,
he glances around frantically, then hurries to the maintenance shed's doors and rattles them.
someone grabs the cupcake from him, eyes it, then tosses it in the back.
as someone moves through the shadows outside, someone takes off her blouse.
someone turns to watch someone leave the bridge.
the door swings open further, revealing her father standing behind it.
it rises, revealing an additional grated gate behind it.
the thief takes a man's wallet out of the back of his pants.
there are two puncture marks in her flesh.
we lift high overhead as he moves on to the other,
reaching his car again, the narrator grabs his keys and notices that the door is already unlocked.
then he walks off
as she crouches, water washes away at her feet.
she waits as he heads off.
someone kneels, resting the coconut at someone's waist on her cleavage.
the burly thug places a bundle of dynamite against the door.
drawing their guns, someone and someone get out of the truck and hurry into the vault.
rubbing his eyes, he sees someone and someone asleep on the floor nearby.
he pulls a dress off its hanger then takes a pair of shoes, a purse, and jewelry.
he plops back on the couch.
gazing out the window, she sees someone raising his hand in a perfectly timed wave.
someone gives her a sidelong look.
two of them bearing the upside down  letters d and g.
he pulls the boy through the crowd.
someone grimly regards the fallen general, lowers his rifle, and heads back through the marketplace.
someone enters the cafeteria, his backpack slung over one shoulder.
someone's face contorts wrathfully and she charges someone.
listening to the chatter.
with an arm shielding his eyes, he gazes skyward toward the chopper.
someone bends over in laughter.
outside, the boys watches the creature climbs out of the bus and runs off.
now only a small pink glow marks the horizon.
in her lifeboat, someone watches the feed projected across her windows.
someone sits beside him on the love seat.
someone bends the rider over the side of the hood.
a smile, someone looks at someone.
she stares after him.
as she marches out, someone gazes after here.
putting his fingertip over the resulting hole, he tips it upside down.
the two sisters stare with disappointed gazes, then continue on their way out.
someone catches it.
he checks his phone and flips it open.
someone runs out, turns tail, and runs back in.
someone gives in her lips meeting his in a sensual mood.
as she draws back, her uncertain gaze flickers over his face.
someone finishes by carving up the top of the wave and leaping over it with his hands on the rails.
while the young man sits on a couch playing with a butterfly knife.
the camera switched off.
someone maneuvers the car down the street and toward a tall barricade.
the older man wears a nasal breathing tube.
the teeth of gears mesh together and power various parts of the mechanism.
and someone waves him off with a tissue.
someone takes a seat at a window.
someone looks up at someone as she turns her gaze toward the hallway.
outside, someone gets stuck up to his chest.
a nerd knocks him into someone and someone swipes the dealer's phone.
someone spits out his water.
someone shoves the door open and climbs out.
someone scoops some up with his pinkie and samples it.
the cliffs get closer as he glides across the water toward shore.
a grin pulls at someone's lip.
he stands in the sunroof and makes a perfect quarterback pass.
a rule, limber up.
it blends in seamlessly with the rest of the wall.
someone rips down a sheet of plastic, then walks up to someone and smiles.
he jiggles a doorknob.
a silver car pulls onto a ridge overlooking the crater.
the boy regards him with a knitted brow.
as they face each other, he looks into her eyes, then lowers his gaze.
on board the independence, the admiral and his men peer through windows encasing the bridge.
later inside, someone fondles the cube as he soaks in a bathtub and stares at the ceiling.
the creature pulls someone down.
someone climbs out and sees the chiseled stranger speeding away in his black suv.
clad in a t-shirt and panties, she digs behind a sofa cushion, pulls out her cellphone.
at a small table, someone and quint pause their conversation and gaze at mr.
behind the first lady, dozens of african-americans emerge from hiding with sacks and baskets.
she cautiously glances around, then hurries off down the hall.
the gunmen charge into the building.
as he watches his family.
he takes off his own head and throws it onto the wires where it hovers like a musical note.
now, he peers closely at a surface and sets a miniature level on it.
someone stares down at the table.
he hurls his shield at another as his motorcycle coasts into a wall and explodes.
a beefy man with a moustache pushes through the crowd as the young man pays for the ship.
now in the courtyard, someone performs push-ups with his feet on a chair.
a small, red-ish bird stands on a floating pad near the concrete rim of a pool.
someone run into a school band practice and trips over free-standing cymbals.
she buries herself under the covers.
from the balcony someone gazes through round eyeglasses at someone.
the kidnapper removes a handful of glass shards from his back pocket.
she shuts her laptop.
catching the someone around the throat it sends him flying out into a river.
he raises the whistle to his lips.
a skeletal biker blazes with blue flame.
someone leaps against the chain-link fence as the limousine hits someone and pins him against the guardrail below the fence.
he gazes intently at the extravagantly large luxury craft.
as she passes obliviously behind her own portrait, moving with slow deliberate steps,
stepping onto a stack of wooden crates, she grabs the first rung.
now in her cubical at rink petroleum, the blonde woman watches an instructional video.
he flops back on it, then watches as she spreads the comforter over him.
the instructor steps through a doorway near the stage.
someone pitches a stuffed animal at him and he bats it away then smashes the glass over an educational arizona display.
a wide view shows someone and someone running on cracked pavement.
someone rides up and leaves the pizza-delivery bike with a valet.
someone tries to look in its direction.
he stumbles as the ship violently rocks and he catches himself on a banister.
someone finds 44 minutes on his clock.
now in a conference room, someone faces a table of trainees.
the watchman looks around skeptically, then moves on.
bending forward, she shakes her rear and the feathers on her short skirt flutter.
the masked and hooded figures emerge, waving their arms.
suspended off her feet, someone blinks thoughtfully as she eyes him.
someone stands as someone hugs her.
as someone sets a tablet aside, someone turns off a lamp.
leaning briefly against a tree trunk, she glances over her shoulder.
as someone lies shoulder to shoulder with someone,
someone aims a finger like a gun.
the ship's center mast is unbroken.
now we see someone turning a crank on a manual sieve strainer, then someone turning on a food processor.
the bystander gets in his dusty car, keeping an eye on the group as general someone leads them through a gate.
someone screws her mouth to one side, lifts her brow, and tilts her head.
someone fishes a scrap of paper from the trash bin.
using a phone number off of an east coast offices search result,
with his mouth open, someone watches as someone someone hurries down the hill toward him.
someone does the same, until someone does an aerial cartwheel, twirls and drops into a split.
he leans on the booth facing her and gives a smoldering look.
she watches someone's helicopter leaves the potomac and its bordering wetlands.
as someone trenches, his captors maintain their grip on his limbs.
he pushes up over several small waves and continues further out.
pops up as the two cops reach the dancefloor.
turning, he sits up and slams her against the wall.
the anchor swoops down, crashes through the smokestack, and plows through the upper deck.
back in the present, someone hangs the tattered veil on a clothesline.
now someone dismantles the family tree.
someone drives past a police car.
wearing a shiny breastplate, a young someone trots onto the set.
someone's eyes follow her.
carrying a lit sparkler someone runs into another tunnel.
he pours himself coffee.
mr. fisher presses a button and the garage door rises.
someone reaches the foot of the wave, briefly vanishing from view within the rolling tides before he emerges to take more of the face.
he drinks some more and someone nods.
reaching underneath her dress once again, she shimmies them up to her waist.
he slips inside, then creeps to an alcove.
someone raises his brows.
in slow motion, the elevator doors part, and someone steps out in a mod purple mini-dress.
someone cracks up.
now, they run among jetting-fountain plumes outside the olympic stadium.
someone childishly turns his back on someone and rockets skyward.
the humanoid brings the cup to his lips and drinks.
then run to a safe distance.
she cheerfully shuts her eyes and shakes her head.
from his bag he produces someone's head.
his ex and leaves.
he escorts her to an elevator.
she beams,
she beams.
someone beckons and the girl heads over.
following them, someone steps into a room with a gorgeously painted long board at its center.
he cups his hands around his mouth.
later, she sits naked.
he brandish his pliers.
he strolls over to someone's side of the desk.
and candles burn throughout the cluttered space.
someone takes a woman's hand as she climbs up.
someone breaks off, eyeing another table.
he frowns shamefully.
someone hustles the teens out of the store.
gazing at her someone smiles.
he wets his lips as he stares longingly at the passing vision of his wife.
he brushes the hair away from her right eye.
he rushes off.
floyd takes out a pistol which the lawman kicks out of his hand.
someone watches her slide her jacket off revealing her silky smooth bare shoulders.
as someone sips his drink, the deejay grins at him.
the train approaches the depot at full speed.
meanwhile in the underwater cave, someone, illuminated by the green light of the glow stick feels his way along the rocks above with clenched teeth.
strips them off, revealing smaller briefs underneath.
someone drops his gaze and works his lips.
two large wooden oars rest at an angle on the sand.
she jumps up.
she straightens with a wide grin and touches her forehead to his as they dance in a circle.
someone presses his lips shut and swallow
her lips tighten sorrowfully.
now, someone steps into plain view walking between someone and polly.
he readies the hammer.
as he heads over, the bathroom penguin follows.
they stroll toward her home.
the robot races away.
she and someone both reach for her sign.
the taxi drives off without her.
in the darkness, light streams in as a hand works bits of rock free from the other side of a wall.
someone looks down at the token.
someone gazes dreamily at him and he gives her another smile.
he exits and waves.
later, they sit on a bench.
another trooper crashes into the burning wreck and sails off his bike.
someone flings the valet from the car.
someone removes his helmet as well and his father lifts his face to the hole.
someone's lips tremble as he searches for words.
a doodled black crown marks the bottom as his signature.
someone jabs at someone, who grabs his glove and pulls his arm, flipping him onto his back.
booth consulting notes and typing on a laptop.
someone perches serenely on the roadster's hood.
someone cuffs someone's hands behind his back.
the sedan bears a student driver sticker on its hood and trunk.
someone helps someone onto a boulder and they share a tender kiss.
someone looks unconvinced.
another bodhi leaf falls.
inside the studio, two students spar while the others kneel around the edges of the platform.
the balloon rises.
she points to the stage.
tearing off the wrapping paper, someone reveals a weather radio.
someone emerges from the bathroom, wrapped in a towel.
she cleans his face with a handkerchief.
someone shoves someone out of his way.
a petite brunette with doll-like features comes in.
they drive past a plain-gray, two-story home with red trim.
they ride a bike.
someone leans over and snuggles closer.
he scans the room, noting someone's hockey paraphernalia and average apartment, then sneers.
someone closes the sedan's door and sits back in his seat next to the sandy-haired someone.
he places a cigarette in his mouth, and picks up her camera.
she glances through her doorway as she pads down toward the bathroom.
master someone watches gravely.
scanning the feeds, she plucks out some more noodles, tilts her head back, then drops some into her mouth.
someone stops walking and stares.
someones guy friends, a brunette woman with a beauty someone and a few others witness the event.
the vampire grabs the ax and flips someone on to the back of another horse.
someone hops into the shaded seat.
now she sits cross-legged on a bus stop bench in front of a row of dark
they watch someone skirt around a building.
a man slowly approaches on horseback.
someone clutches the letter to her chest and glances nervously inside the house.
someone grins and waves, then frantically fumbles at the buckles.
in a move, men in white lab coats stand in a huge hangar.
someone drives the truck out of the cargo hold, tilting the chopper's nose upward.
the crew climbs out.
she sits stiffly, her large dark sunglasses masking most of her expression.
jeffreys spins his rifle, then shoulders it and stands at attention.
he extracts the metal box and carries it outside.
someone aims an unlit work light at the security camera.
under his steady gaze, she gives a yielding look.
someone allows a brief eager smirk as she enters his apartment.
meanwhile, someone arrives in a changing room and checks a set of lockers.
someone defensively tips over a stack of bottle-filled crates, but someone and his friends quickly surmount them.
he also falls and lies motionless.
now, the tree of the narcotic fruit lies bare.
she marks the date of death.
later, a view through the skylight shows towering trees below a cloudy sky.
someone gazes reverently upon the well, then faces someone, and nods toward the water.
someone arrives on her motorcycle.
someone keeps an eye on the garage door guards.
someone holds up an i love japan t-shirt.
on set, the three women hold perfectly still as lobstermen rush around them.
the last roaches melt into his skin and scurry into his mouth.
mactaggert faces her partner.
she grabs someone.
now traffic lines up behind someone as he drives his suv with a stunned gaze.
he checks his fake tooth in a mirror rubbing it with a forefinger.
he presses his painfully grimacing face to the mat, clutching his thigh.
raises his eyebrows.
someone uses his cell phone.
they turn their chairs away.
someone strides out the room wearing sunglasses,
someone forces a wince into a smile.
holloway takes an atv.
wearing an indian headdress, little someone romps as feathers rain down around her.
from the ground, someone stares upward, his mismatched eyes glistening.
two girls born in the same month, on the same day.
she sits up and her eyes widen.
later, someone arrives at home and makes a call.
someone looks to his teacher, who gestures with a cold tilt of his head.
"don't wait up.
she looks up at the man.
with someone behind her, someone aims the gun,
he rings the bell.
in a lecture, someone sees someone reading.
one of the tigers steps past two others lounging in the grass.
he falls back into the water, hanging by his knees from the life preserver.
the dance concludes with a flourish.
at the someone house, the young couple enjoys a meal with someone's father.
someone runs on stage.
as the villainess approaches, someone hurls an energy disc past her.
in a countdown field, someone enters 365 days to go, and 524 recipes to go.
he delivers a kick, but mr.
someone winds up for another blow.
the lights go on in the house.
the young woman looks away.
he shakes the remote, then hits a button.
standing with a friend,
someone shakes his head, his chin trembling.
someone grabs the gunman.
seated at the end of one.
someone reaches into his jacket
someone nods, turns on the headlight and drives away from her house.
someone opens a crate marked "x."
pacing with aimless steps, someone smiles over a wad of bills.
someone pulls it down and enters the lab.
someone hurries into someone's room and opens the wardrobe.
someone stands and glares, his brow hard set over a vengeful gaze.
a view from underwater reveals shafts of light breaking on the pool's surface, cutting through the murk from a crevasse above.
pulling away, someone gazes into his eyes.
his lips part fumbling.
the people jump and wave as the distant earth rises above the horizon.
at the tiger's outdoor enclosure, someone finishes posting a memorial plaque.
someone receives a text message.
he checks under empty desks.
he sits up and eyes the empty space in his bed.
shivering, he walks to the edge of the platform.
someone gives a loving smile.
for below the throne room in the heart of the palace, two guards wearing yellow capes march up a corridor with smooth stone walls.
standing in someone's backyard, someone smiles up at the bodhi tree, which is now covered with green leaves.
someone escorts him.
they fire their palm weapons at each other.
then dawns her helmet and mounts her bike.
someone someone nuzzles his head on someone's lap.
so she doffs her brown-leather jacket and grabs an empty tray from the bar.
a nurse keeps someone and someone from entering.
someone stares at his brother then looks down at someone.
she stops, frowning.
she gracefully shimmies her hips, steps away, then turns and points to someone.
the inspector reaches down and pulls someone and the automaton safely onto the platform.
someone and someone laugh as they dance together.
nearby two men on ladders unfurl a huge banner, which reads
poking their heads up they circle
later, they stand in a street gazing up at a glowing theatre sign - le cinema.
the doctor stands staring at the rattling-steel lab tables.
sitting on the bed, someone reads the note, which is written in a foreign language.
a man with long blonde hair and sideburns steps out and cups his hands over his mouth as if to check his breath.
someone lifts a glass of wine.
she tenderly brushes wisps of loose hair out of someone's face, then lowers her hand.
a bespectacled it man works at a computer.
in the early morning under a gray sky someone walks down the middle of a street.
the atv kicks up dust as someone drives it over the uneven terrain toward the engineer's crashed ship.
in it, the lively teen poses on her belly, chin in her hands and ankles crossed up behind her.
someone sits in his car, nervously tapping his steering wheel.
someone courteously gestures for the doctor to step away.
as he approaches the side of the building, a flaming blast erupts from its door.
he walks the weeping someone into the room.
as someone turns to face him, he halts in the doorway and stares at her resolutely.
the digital display counts past 37 seconds.
tumbling down beside someone and someone, someone and someone make out.
narrowing his eyes, someone shifts them mischievously.
a staffer shifts her uncomfortable gaze from someone to clark.
its long striped tail swaying behind.
he shifts the car into park, gets out, and faces his ex-wife.
the women fawn over someone.
closing her eyes, someone lifts someone's hand onto her stomach.
exhausted surfers haul themselves into rafts.
he paces away from her as she gives a fleeting smile.
someone's eyes widen and his grip goes slack.
someone wedges the blade underneath the stone, levers it upward and leans it back.
someone, wearing protective headgear, swings at someone and misses.
he trips over a student's knees, knocking a laptop over as he falls.
someone faces someone anxiously.
later, the groom sweeps his bride up in his arms.
the buddhist leaps to someone.
someone smirks, then shakes her head and continues on alone.
later they step away from the ride.
someone and someone climb down the ladder and enter a compartment while someone stands guard atop the train.
someone glances at her sister as the blood covered zombie climbs closer.
they leave someone alone.
the boy takes a recoiling step back, then looks around uneasily as he advances.
someone interlaces his fingers and leans toward someone with an eager hopeful smile.
holds his chest but quickly smiles.
someone raises his chopsticks.
splotches of sores appear on his skin.
someone leans close and kisses the top of her blonde head.
he exits past the portraits of his great great grandparents.
someone pulls on the bus' rear door.
as someone struggles to drive, the suv swerves.
someone's attorney steps out.
a monitor shows someone standing at the door to the secure cell block with his face hidden by his arshal's cap.
other metal plates pop up from behind someone's neck, and cover his head, to form a red helmet and a silver mask with glowing eyes.
at cupid's cabin, as someone stands on the front stoop, someone shuts the door.
a soldier hops out and shuts the door.
someone, here it is.
as the stylist works, someone gazes into a mirror.
another girl steps out of a stall and glares at someone, while washing her hands.
as she checks an item on a shelf.
leslie keeps her hand up as he fakes repeatedly.
she leaves and someone follows her out.
who dodges it then stabs through the cape.
someone falls backward onto the bed, the phone clutched to her chest.
someone grabs the tire iron and breaks the lock.
he high fives a guy.
as the train enters a tunnel, someone crashes through the engine room ceiling and points his machine gun at dr.
shooting someone a wary look, someone heads inside.
he gives her a nod and she presses her lips to his.
she wears her bangs short, the rest of her hair in a long braid.
he halts the narrow eyed.
someone holds up quieting fingers.
he hugs a boy in a tuxedo.
the masked figure holds a piece of paper.
racing in, someone and someone aim their guns at someone's head.
he gives her a puzzled look.
in the cathedral, guests panic.
launching off a trampoline, he flips and dunks a basketball then hangs from the hoop.
someone exits an evidence locker while on his cell.
in unison, the three dash toward the arriving car, short-cutting through the barn.
he pats his pockets then hands her the notebook he recovered.
she sinks to the ground.
in his control room at hammer industries, the smiling someone watches the mayhem on two large computer monitors.
she squeezes past more gawking men.
he breaks off a piece for someone.
as someone steps away, our view drifts closer to the touching memorial
she hurries over and searches them.
he hurls the newspaper at her.
as he gets out with a grocery bag, someone passes by.
in a flashback, two stylish blondes ride bicycles down a street.
now, he feeds someone different mexican dishes.
the boy stand as blonde someone pulls up in a yellow muscle car.
running toward the steps, someone loses his footing and falls.
someone exhales smoke in his helmet.
now she snuggles him as they watch a movie on tv.
she picks up a cell phone and reads a string of text messages starting with someone's phone number.
her eyes wide, the woman slowly tilts her head, side to side,
someone joins someone at the coffee maker.
st. bartholomew's cathedral stands almost directly across the street, softly illuminated by outdoor flood lamps.
as he leaves, someone gives a perturbed look.
someone's hand brushes under her hair and his gentle kisses grow more impassioned.
now lying back on the bed beside someone, someone exhales smoke.
as she sits up, we notice guns hanging on the wall behind her.
a young someone sits on the crescent moon as snow falls on the sleepers.
the writer watches him with a furrowed brow as adult someone stares into the river before them.
now, he and a couple of small boys arrive at a refugee campsite.
and shuts his eyes.
someone looks over and sees his boss leaning against a dark sedan.
but the wall clock reads 3:25.
she watches as someone walks into a store, pet palace, across the street.
he is pretending to cast a fishing line at her then reels
he kneels before her.
a server brings champaign.
someone studies the razor with a confused frown.
now they make out on a couch.
someone spots them through the smoke, their figures defined by a backdrop of amber flame.
someone gets out with his duffel.
as someone and someone hop out, a zombie dressed as someone runs at them.
agent someone watches someone stride out then stares at the map.
then they both notice a billboard, along the highway for a steak ranch located off the next exit.
amid the flow of exhaust, someone grabs hold of a ledge, and pulls herself out of a hole in the ground.
now, someone holds a bamboo staff across his shoulders as he executes moves under someone's command.
they reach the curb, then hop onto the street and march off in single file.
as he scans one of the complex's balconies, a swimmer paddles across our view.
she grabs a cigarette from an ashtray and a lighter.
someone, someone, and someone follow suit.
she laughs delightedly and he kisses her cheek.
now at school, a wall clock read 8:48.
the trim man appears at the vision's center.
meanwhile, someone's son watches tv.
he points across the ballroom then squints.
shrugging his hands, the former zookeeper opens his mouth to speak then licks his lips and takes a step toward the door.
someone follows suit.
a boy peers down into a courtyard.
he pulls in his chair.
they exchange smiles.
as she loads an armored truck, she notices the dogs watching her.
at a racetrack, people crowd the stands.
as someone averts her gaze, the american leans closer.
rocks and dirt float up around him as he rises.
he glances around, then beats someone at the side of the boat and raises the hatchet.
now, in the command truck, someone stands over the message written on the
a coworker faces a windowed office.
someone looks past her, eyeing someone as he trudges off.
he turns away from the window and hurries out of the room.
on the burning ship the pirate stares down at sir someone who raises his sword against an attacker.
someone wearily leans back on the sofa and stares at the ceiling.
someone hurries down a sidewalk and briefly stops for someone to catch up.
scanning the office, she follows the sound around a corner and finds a louvered door locked by a deadbolt.
now in the promoter's office, someone puffs a cigar.
someone twitches a satisfied smile.
he looks back at his assistant.
the someone spots the escaping vehicle.
as someone heads around the corner down an icy walkway, someone steps out of the safe house.
someone sets down his board.
she gets comfy under the covers.
his colleagues watch in stunned silence as someone walks out.
remains motionless on the bench.
swaying on his feet, he looks down at his instrument.
someone rocks forward.
someone secures his tools in the bow and grabs the journal.
the robot turns.
the plump woman removes her glasses.
someone backs away a few feet, then turns and heads toward the building.
someone continues on and someone follows.
he faces another railing with a smile.
teenage fans trot into an outdoor arena.
the wavy haired man stands, blood dripping from his mouth.
the timer shows less than two minutes.
someone waves, then rests her head on the window pane.
the party girl wraps her arms around him and kisses him hungrily.
wearing his old battle armor and red cape, someone catches someone.
puckering his lips squeamishly, he throws the gun instead.
someone draws it to himself.
now someone's van travels up a winding road in a light fog.
they smash through the wall with a beam of wood.
as someone takes a clip from his gun, someone packs up his belongings in a file box.
someone grabs her friend's arm.
he raises his brows and shoves a pastry into his mouth.
later, at another section, someone stops, leaning against a stone banister.
holding his gaze, someone exhales through pursed lips, then springs back onto the platform.
he looks around for the source of the knocking.
someone subtly covers his face.
his mom uses a laptop.
he sways side to side, his fleshless mouth working in a growing roar.
a middle-aged woman enters and sets a briefcase on the table.
on the mat, someone ping charges his opponent again.
someone joins her mother.
someone sets down his newspaper, using his free hand to take another bite of cereal.
she sits at her desk,
he lifts his head and gazes out a window.
as the others look on, the unshaven man holds his ground awaiting the imminent attack.
the thug takes a swing but misses.
later, the research vehicle pulls into the county hospital, inside a nurses station.
as someone exits the clinic, someone hurries after him.
at school, dozens of students pour into the central courtyard.
then notices his own reflection in a metallic balloon.
as someone, someone, and someone's black-haired brother step into the subterranean vault, the armored guardian steps back behind the spiked grid which closes.
shifting her weight, she approaches her father.
the men meet separately with their team leaders.
she yanks out the pot and takes off the lid, revealing her ruined stew.
a blast takes out the wall next to the boys and knocks them to the floor.
someone bends over, his cotton-clad rear inadvertently mooning someone.
someone runs down a long staircase between the crowded tiers of rundown homes.
now someone watches tv in his apartment.
someone gives her fianc a look.
the engineer looks at someone who eagerly waits for a reply.
an ostrich pesters him.
a burly man presses a rag over someone's face, then shoves him into a crate.
her gaze drifts to someone's hand which rests over.
he offers his hand.
and white stubble covers his chin.
passing the rack, someone snatches a garment in each hand without breaking her stride.
on her head, she wears her father's wide-brimmed hat which she packed with paper to make it fit.
the president and his men head to the emergency operation center.
he and someone hike the short distance toward each other.
as a large whale approaches, the squid latches onto its back.
standing on a bridge, someone stares at her.
someone lands in front of the dead creature as it slides over the edge of the cliff and disappears.
tipping it, he holds it firmly in both hands and regards it nostalgically.
she sits at the piano and brushes her long, dark hair from her face.
little someone points nearby.
he extends a hand, but someone pinches his face.
he rubs someone's shoulder, causing him to turn away in embarrassment.
he swigs vodka from the bottle.
someone brushes his face with powder.
stamped on the top,
the assassin steps out into the hall and looks both ways.
back at the alley, someone peeks around the corner and watches the chief pass a tall boxy bus.
as someone studies the carved symbols in the wall, someone inserts a probe from the carbon reader into the alien being.
an intensifying beam shoots out of the top of the cube and someone's fingers begin to smoke.
she stands and looks down at him.
a young woman is on a sofa also, waiting.
a skater rides his board across a half pipe.
he whirls toward a boy in gray, kicking his opponent in the head.
someone shifts her worried gaze.
someone pats his dad on the shoulder.
cornered against the refrigerator, someone grabs a blender.
he crawls forward with a pistol in his hand.
he runs upstairs and into his office.
she puts on a floppy knit hat then strides off.
need to talk.
she looks around him.
wrapped in comforters, they head into the living area.
as he strides to the window, someone follows.
now, someone's maroon sedan arrives at a highway underpass where the biker gang, the one-percenter's awaits the young dealer and his friend.
she cradles his dark sideburns and kisses him passionately on the lips.
someone returns his solemn gaze to the sky.
the tank wedged inside a building rolls to the bottom of the town at the water's edge.
he lifts his trembling chin.
resting her chin on her fist, she gazes at a black-and-white photo stuck to her mirror.
an alarm clock reads, 6:30 am.
turning a corner,
it fades and he takes on a haunted expression.
someone halts the atv with a frown.
she opens it, spreading its creased paper panels and finds writing on each one.
standing in front of the mirror in his uniform, he pulls his belt tight around his waist.
breathing through flared nostrils.
someone sits at a restaurant.
at the undertakers, lying in an open coffin, someone's bearded father looks serene as if he's sleeping.
someone picks up the box.
the creature's head regenerates and it burrows up someone's sleeve.
in the cockpit, beast bares his fangs.
he sips someone's drink.
he watched the couple kiss.
someone stands, unfolds his cane and leaves.
the backup singers leave the room.
her eyes widen and she gawks at someone.
the old man struggles to break free.
a battered sedan pulls up.
he runs off.
a blizzard sweeps across the boy's disappointed gaze.
now an away team leaves the airlock.
turning around, she gazes up at her two remaining daughters, who glare down and promptly retreat into the bedroom.
they smile and cock their heads.
the hallway light suddenly comes on, and a stern woman wearing a green nightgown and curlers emerges from an adjacent bedroom.
someone finds someone staring at him, stunned.
the kidnapper drives along as someone pries open a paint can with a screw driver.
someone hurries down a flight of stairs into an alley.
the journalist moves his reading glasses to his brow
someone lowers her eyes.
the mastermind enters a nearby office and picks up a cell phone from behind the open door.
someone starts to return the music to the girl.
someone holds a cotton ball between chopsticks, and lights it on fire.
wearing an indignant smirk, someone cocks his head and scans the group.
someone tenderly strokes his cheek.
someone enters, followed by someone.
someone takes his mistress's hand.
someone touches someone's bare legs.
they fly 10 thousand feet above populated terrain.
someone gives a mock scowl.
someone trudges into the office wearing shades.
she sits on the floor, someone notices.
he fumbles the trays lid.
he sits close, his back to her.
following them to the doorway, someone looks back at the other hostages.
passing a window, he sees someone inside.
someone wipes sweat from his face.
he finds her clock timed out.
she gets on with some copying of her own
someone nods back then turns and runs through the small cemetery.
someone pulls someone into the bathroom.
wide eyed, the agent looks over her shoulder and scans the room.
someone replaces the mask.
his large sunglasses rest on the center of his nose, exposing his dark, narrow eyes.
someone plunges in and someone submerges up to her shoulders.
it shows police cars surrounding the bank.
someone reemerges naked.
someone sends a text message.
now, we follow someone through a hallway.
he regards someone with a thoughtful nod, then points at the water.
leading lady myrna loy stares with her mouth agape.
she switches on the lights.
as the nurse leaves he sets down his specimen cup.
now, someone enters the dim restaurant.
he looks up at someone
she smiles sincerely.
someone's family watches attentively.
later she uses her cellphone.
someone has one too.
he collapses face down.
a shadow passes through the light coming under it.
she glances sideways at him then sips her drink.
it reads, "rx grrrl."
someone turns back to him.
the rider peers toward the road, looking for his enemy.
he shuffles to a bar and holds up another bottle as he examines its contents.
as someone sleeps soundly, his penguin watches with its beak mere inches from his face.
she runs a hand down her thigh then pats it.
he flips his phone shut.
she folds it hurriedly as someone walks in.
in a training course cutout targets swing out at them and they shoot.
in the principal's office someone's hands set the massive stack of assignments down on the desk.
arching his brow indulgently, he hangs the jacket on the makeshift coat rack.
he steps away and blond shifts his guilty gaze.
he strolls happily through the barley.
someone totes her luggage out of her apartment.
someone jumps on the hole and slides out of view.
she scans the area carefully.
as someone enters with a box of liquor, he notices her too.
someone starts to remove her coat.
a bald man with a cigarette between his lips emerges from the building.
he moves across the corral.
the boy walks away from his sister.
the local girl leads them around back.
she smiles and shakes her head as autumn hurries off.
she gives it a small upward jerk, and flips the omelet.
someone cautiously approaches the doorway.
someone hangs up and faces the officers leaning over someone's body.
she plants a kiss on someone's lips then removes his t-shirt.
as he attaches it to a far wall, we recognize a small detonator at its top.
a huge shockwave ripples outward and sweeps away the giants in a swell of shattered earth.
with a shy grin, someone leads him to a counter protected by a glass barrier.
someone breathes hard, watching in anguish.
so sorry i bailed last weekend, can i please come back?
grumpy plunges his head in.
at home in front of the tv, someone snores on the couch holding a teacup.
the tactical team prepares to storm the room.
they fall from his trembling hand.
elsewhere, someone opens a flask in his living quarters and finds the vessel empty.
as alicia falls still, someone rolls onto his back and shuts his eyes.
someone runs to her tour bus.
now under an ultrasound video words appear.
a dead soldier pierced by arrows.
someone takes someone's cellphone and reads the text.
sitting on her bed someone listens to the report as she counts stacks of bonds.
they look at someone, who pulls a folded piece of paper from an inner-jacket pocket.
someone opens his mouth wide in what appears to be a lazy yawn.
as a gray-haired man passes, the urn quivers.
someone stops chewing.
sitting back in his seat, someone covers his mouth.
as he leaves, she blinks.
now more cia agents rain from the sky.
she reaches through the bars and turns someone's head.
later, someone's mom climbs up to the tree house.
straightening, he faces someone.
the new comer leads a number of mounted troops on to the beach.
in the ballroom, someone falls from someone's punches.
he starts on the next binder.
near a calm riverside, four two-men crews row their boats along the misty water.
someone lights one sparkler and tosses it into the hole.
then draws it into her arms and clutches it against her chest.
peering into the vent, she tries to work the scissor blades past the protective metal spiral coiled around the wire.
in stonehill's stables, a boy carries someone's saddle and shows her a fine young black horse.
inside a crowded airport, someone sees someone on the other side of a security gate.
gorilla stops playing with his swinging ball and turns to find
someone punches keys on a typewriter, floating island.
someone glances up and someone nods with an approving smile.
someone produces his pouch of amnesia dust.
his suit's camera shares his view as he proceeds down a corridor marked with urn-shaped etchings.
someone turns to the pretty brunette.
he sneaks a look at her well-filled bra cups.
now she runs up the front steps of a church, holding her poufy dress above her ankles.
now someone drives an suv up to a checkpoint, a guard hurries over.
someone uncorks the bottle.
as two rows of racecars speed off, smoke rises from their wheels.
someone leans over.
out view sinks down, moving closer to the side of the sofa until darkness fills our view.
at the thriving headquarters, a facebook lawyer beacons someone into a glass enclosed conference room.
the guys stare and he gets up.
the monks drag someone and someone out.
farther out, a round faced boy sits on his board, observing with a worried look.
from the corridor, someone peers into the room, then enters with his wife and son behind him.
she put longboard on pickup truck beside the van.
the detectives look at her blankly.
back to his peers, then follows ms.
a young officer someone rides a patrol boat passing under the commotion on the bridge.
outside with a blurry lens, someone's camera captures footage of a lawn near a line of parked cars.
as agents drag the thugs out of the library, someone, someone, and someone enter.
as someone slams into the circular-coil array, copper bands fasten around
grinning, he retreats.
as someone charges, someone leaps over him with the aid of the stagehands working the lines.
he chugs some down.
he turns away and someone spits it out.
he leaves a wall of cubby holes stocked with wine.
someone uses his chest weapon to blast the watermelon to bits.
a single d battery rolls to a puddle of green slime under his foot.
a new someone mans the reservations desk.
she touches an overturned marijuana plant and a large branch breaks off in her hand.
the buds shoot out tendrils that lash around his skull and hold him still.
pepper places her left hand on someone's chest.
she kneels down to the old woman's crumpled body beside the overturned table and chair.
outside the cell, a dark-haired guard approaches with a tray of food.
he smacks the bug with the flyswatter.
now, she watches someone through a window.
as someone reaches the dancer stage, someone knocks him down and falls away.
he bashes the zombie in the face.
now, the scoreboard reads, the fighting someones, the reigning champions.
later, she faces her pigtailed daughter.
without breaking his stride, someone leaps from one rooftop to another.
someone turns his head.
he knocks back some pills.
someone steps out and closes a heavy-duty hatch.
as he leaves, agent someone bows his head.
dancing around her, he plays the tambourine.
the man turns, revealing a long pale face with aging features.
someone collects water puddled on the canvas cover.
she lowers the gun and smiles.
someone turns over a test graded c-.
someone looks at her mother and winces.
his accomplice frisks the detective.
someone steps out wearing a white tuxedo with black lapels, vest and tie.
someone unbuttons his wet sleeve as he heads into a bathroom.
someone rouses someone.
he runs through the house.
someone looks away, shakes his head then faces his mother.
they view a dmv cross-reference and a tax return.
he holds his hand over an elderly woman.
now he leaves.
he pats a guy on a bar stool and faces the couple.
now, someone emerges from an alley and spies someone's envoy yard ahead, maintaining a steady pace.
someone arrives as well.
the clouds clear away to show her standing on a bar in a night club.
someone lowers his hand, then turns to someone.
he thrusts someone skyward imbuing it with a bolt of lightning, then slams the hammer into the ground.
he tenderly kisses her forehead.
someone looks over her shoulder and finds him approaching his mentor.
as she brings the tray back to the bar, someone notices her.
someone collects the coin and tugs his son away.
she checks a corridor for survivors then drops her gaze downstairs.
in a flashback, children play outside the house.
someone lowers a newspaper.
he shows the photo on his cell.
a desolate man carries a water jug like a suitcase.
someone stands on the opposite side.
he gives a dazed look.
someone walks to a small platform.
someone opens the armoire as someone places her ear against the door.
sparkling golden light.
a fifth nestles someone's leg.
a hairline crack runs through the ice.
now, flames dance inside a trash can.
someone shuts the door behind him.
as someone stands alone, someone faces someone in his corner.
the soldier flings him to the ground.
dark scales flutter around her figure in waves as she shifts into her natural blue form.
she enters her dark apartment.
the man stirs.
hoover looks to his young associate.
he climbs down through the trap door.
watching them tussle, sister grins.
the next day, someone and her son are back in the car and on the road.
someone avoids his gaze.
someone and someone strain to keep smiles on their faces.
someone glares at someone then walks out.
someone clears the table.
someone opens the door to her neighbor.
someone forces open the cockpit hatch and pulls the eject handle.
the lid slowly opens.
back in her apartment, someone lies on a sofa as reality program plays on the television.
someone's hand grabs his shoulder again, flexes weakly, and goes limp.
someone, someone, and her children lie huddled together under heavy blankets near the mouth of a cave.
she gets up, taking a flask with her.
the exotic beauty drops her gaze and someone throws the coat at its owner.
someone raises her glass.
he looks at his daughter who stares back with a disappointed gaze.
as she rides off, someone screeches to a halt.
now at the airport, a tsa agent searches someone.
they see someone.
someone gives chase.
someone crouches behind a statue and holds up his phone.
someone holds up his someone padding.
reaching the top, someone stops, scanning a huge bank with angular walls lined with tellers.
she looks away, stricken.
he wipes his nose.
someone shrugs, then moves to another painting.
he looks around himself then heads back.
at candace's, duke sits on the stoop with a basketball and gazes off with forlorn eyes.
pointing his rifle, someone kicks open the door and the yellow alien steps out
the guard inspects someone's belongings.
someone fires at the closest zombie and sends her sprawling backwards.
shafts of light shine from the man's finger then turn into a movie projector's diffused beam.
someone marks a mannequin with an x.
someone's mouth hangs open and he shows a slight grin, then glances at the other side of the boat.
now in a lush tropical forest, the group hikes a trail.
in the hall with the press, someone's smile fades as she spies someone.
someone's finger points away from the boxer.
someone gives a sheepish nod.
someone shuts the laptop and smiles.
as the teacher meets with his fighting someone, someone calls to someone.
she carries them in her hands as she searches the apartment.
three men grab someone and shove him against a door.
now in the backyard, someone and someone carry a shoebox decorated with shiny stickers and the name someone written in green glitter paint.
he holds a torn shirt and cloth and tosses them down.
someone winces, stifling tears, then stares off.
shimmering bubbles float around her.
more dancers strut out from the revolving mirrored panels behind them.
sitting on the counter by the kitchen sink, her hair mussed, someone watches someone emerge from the bedroom.
the teen takes in his inventory with deep nervous breaths.
he turns and his eyes widen.
someone and someone enter a subway station.
someone finds the dog on his bed with a shredded paperback beside a wet stain on the sheet.
she gestures at someone.
she poses for photographs and signs autographs.
he tears some of the bandages from his arm and stuffs them in the bag.
he inches down the aisle toward the open door.
someone looks up as it begins to rain.
meanwhile, more esu guys use orange tape to cordon off a perimeter.
he stares at someone and someone.
he steps closer.
someone offers a kind smile.
the helmsman turns the ship's wheel.
beyond them, a vast mass of skyscrapers stands mostly darkened.
later, in someone's bed chamber, two mice forage a table of picked over food.
someone gazes off shyly, then finds her lovely face.
she hesitantly takes it and dials.
someone briefly averts her gaze then flashes a wan smile.
the children hold up their hands and mrs.
someone's gaze falls on angel and grows seductively tender.
they ignore the instructor and get in behind the twin steering wheels.
as someone releases him, someone checks his clock.
using two fingers, he shovels the moist cat food into his mouth.
she wipes a tear running down the bridge of someone's nose.
he waves off his courtiers who bow and hurry out leaving the royal family, someone, someone and one other chancellor.
now, someone throws himself
he caresses the hair tenderly, then pulls it off of the head.
he enters the unisphere, bounces off the eurasian continent, then shoots back out.
someone looks down.
someone looks down,
the balding man from the front desk leads other men in and clouts someone.
both fires die down.
the gang leader takes off his suit coat and handgun, then ambles to a set of closed double doors.
iron man turns and raises his left hand toward someone.
depressing the payphone's hook, someone hangs up.
she hurries back and opens the door but finds someone on the porch.
someone lingers on the spot, shifting boyishly on his feet as his wife enters her parents home.
the guard gestures at the visitor whose bag and helmet land on a reading table.
someone shifts his gaze and turns over his paper.
you are a firework, please don't be sad.
and navigates a shopping site.
someone leaves a building and uses her walkie-talkie.
she smacks the lid.
in the hotel someone tosses someone's cell down.
someone who wears an nypd cap and jacket.
someone hurries to the ride's control box and presses a button.
the soldier gets up and ambles towards a mantle.
someone gives an encouraging smile.
securing its rope leash to the bars, selvam faces someone's father.
she slips out shutting the door behind her.
as someone leads her uncle and grandmother to someone's bedside, someone shifts his gaze to someone.
turning, someone finds him covering his own face with an oxygen mask as he flips a switch.
someone lets a smile slip.
she shows a list written on a card.
without breaking his stride, someone draws a gun in each hand.
as they climb, someone lags far behind.
his gloved hands reach out uncertainly and he lowers out of view.
they start to kiss again.
someone doffs his reading glasses and rests his head in his hands.
he checks a newspaper.
now in the cathedral, a gray-haired man plays an organ.
our view sweeps out to the field where someone stands among a vast and tidy arrangement of the baled and bundled crops.
now, he reaches into a box.
someone stares at the photo, then pulls a stack of rumpled snapshots out of the glove box.
the car's tail end raises ten feet off of the pavement and it slides to a stop on its nose.
he pops the trunk and dumps her in.
he spanks her.
pulls out a stray banana and tosses it to orange juice.
standing among the healthy crops, someone plucks a grain from one of the wispy stalks.
someone lays down defensive fire as she and little someone head for it.
propelling himself off another pillar, someone takes out two vamps in a single swing.
someone looks at her.
as she follows someone, mr.
hiking over a ridge, someone finds a vast cavernous passageway ascending before him.
as someone explores his house light sweeps across a nearby wall.
the students stare.
someone looks up from his trembling victim, his mouth dripping with blood.
the zookeeper reaches into his right pocket.
as the cars pull out, the picture fades to black.
but lingers nearby.
they sway stiffly then someone draws him a tiny bit closer.
he nods pensively and gazes ahead.
we dramatically zoom back from the tanker ad glide above the truss bridge.
she pries the doors open and peers down into the shaft of the descending car.
outside a grocery store, someone takes out a pick ax.
someone and someone jump through the vortex, which vanish
someone swallows, and his glassy eyes drift away from someone toward the ground.
in the outer office, the burly agent downs a paper cup of water and passes doris who glares at him as he returns to the interrogation room.
while someone soberly looks on.
trying for a better look at someone,
he speeds up a sloped rampart and lands inside the base.
a second couple bows to them and walks off.
she leans forward and kisses him
someone stands, hands up.
later she flips through a bible.
the man sets a small table in front of the automaton.
someone lunges at someone baring her fangs.
someone seethes his head and shoulders hunched forward.
reaching her, he drops to one knee and holds out the covered crown.
someone sits down beside someone.
she doubles over in pain.
someone and someone watch the deal go down.
someone hides in the back of the diner while someone dashes to someone.
someone walks back to his friends where someone holds his pretty date on his lap.
someone leads his pupil up onto a small balcony, then along a shadowy corridor.
tin canisters tip their lids.
he's in his dressing gown.
moscow police swarm the massive garden ring avenue.
the three riders meander through tangled pale bare trees.
bullets ricochet off someone's suit.
her blonde friend narrows an eye at her.
he sneezes some
as he turns around, darkness engulfs him.
now, an assistant flips a pump run button and a pressure gauge needle swivels past 40.
the camera catches a glimpse of a jumping girl's breasts, then returns to the chaos of the crowd.
then blast away several charging zombies.
she sits on his lap and wraps her arms around him.
someone wraps the necklace around someone's hand and squeezes his fist.
the detective continues onward.
reaching down, someone gingerly scoops up the other sides, closing it off, then yanks the fish out of the water.
someone's spots his weapon and reaches for it, but someone stomps the handle flipping the ax into the air.
now, we approach the park thugs.
she moves past him.
he bashes someone with a crowbar.
someone uncomfortably shoves a hand into his pocket.
someone reaches for her friend's chest and tickles her.
she produces her walking stick from inside her frock and raises it.
as someone trots down to the foyer, someone leaves the study and rushes down the other side of the twin stairway.
as she climbs down, he cranes his neck to peer after her.
he blinks and steps back.
strolling through the crowd, the man deftly picked several people's pockets.
someone meets someone's gaze and jerks her head.
at the other base camp, someone dunks a teabag into a mug.
later, someone strolls into his room where only his twin size bed remains.
someone rides shotgun aboard one vehicle.
she opens the folder, revealing a half-hidden photo.
he gets up.
his wife gives him a look.
the lean woman's long blond hair drips around her face as she completes her routine.
two players crash into each other.
someone pistol whips someone.
one woman laps booze from another.
king someone hold his hand as they walk side by side into the towers outer courtyard.
she turns toward someone then lays one hand against his face.
someone spins someone again.
someone flies several yards then tumbles to a stop on the pavement.
over the pristine white sand, someone carries the device about 100 yards from the pool.
he looks back at someone.
his flashlight beam revealing renderings of galloping horses and illustrations of people gathered together.
he blinks nervously.
the eight-year-old someone watches as he piles mashed potatoes onto a roll and stuffs the oversized bite down.
starring at the animal's jag.
now in his bedroom, he wears an undershirt and sweatpants as he stands at his dresser, his hair damp.
someone overlooks the water and the present day dock.
a woman steps out of a room at hotel atlanta, carrying a folded up massage table.
wearing an african robe, someone directs someone to pick up a package shaped like an elephant tusk.
the spinning chopper nears the roof.
someone looks down and pinches the material of his trousers nervously.
ahead, two doctors try to stop someone from leaving.
someone arrives at facebook headquarters.
that night, a banner hanging over a party over the zoo reads, congratulations.
on the bridge someone watches a video feed showing her father's heart rate.
three girls have a look.
a higher drawer slides open, leaking more syrup.
in the bank's supply room, a muscular unmasked robber removes boxes from the back wall.
while someone catches his breath someone ties a plastic bag over his head.
someone shifts her woeful eyes to her own lap and tilts her head thoughtfully.
someone bursts in, pretending to run in slow motion.
the guards turn from the explosion's blinding light.
as he comes to a deserted intersection, he notices a large, green electricity transformer fizzing and sparking on the corner.
someone holds someone's embarrassing portrait above the crowd.
later as they cuddle, they share a warm smile.
now as the sun sets, the three feast on the giant crab.
someone sees them.
he stands in front of someone.
someone walks through a dark room towards another lamp lit room.
he steps up to someone, his face mere inches from the other timekeeper's.
parking nearby the delivery guy steps out with the pizza and slams his door.
as she descends he backs to the door.
with his eyes averted, mr.
the mutant falls back and the guys run over him with the transport.
a thug steps in and shoots but the demonic creature incinerates him with shot.
someone picks up a black leather jacket and puts it on, as someone dons a combat vest filled with grenades.
later, she grimaces as she pulls the weave out of her hair.
he releases someone.
someone winces and someone pulls someone against her as someone remains completely still.
crates of open champagne bottles fizz as the men step into the cargo hold.
as his busty wife brings the phone, he tries to climb out.
he pokes partway through.
and barricade him in.
now the someone and someone movie plays on someone's tv.
the baby elephant with the bird perched on its back.
someone steps back.
one opens a door for him.
someone joins the rest of the family.
he shakes his head lightheartedly.
wrapped in a blanket, someone goes to someone who sits at the rear of an ambulance.
someone throws the flare aside and punches someone in the crotch.
the vampire takes off his sunglasses revealing his puffy eyes.
someone climbs off the boat.
she opens her car door.
now, someone waits on a sidewalk as someone slams his corvette door.
he turns to someone.
he closes his eyes and eats.
they retreat as a large dragon puppet slides onto the set.
the pale teen connects a light attachment to his camera,
the veterans watch the white water ram into the treacherous rocks of the bone yard.
a heading reads "listening comprehension".
going into the house, he finds someone sitting at the foot of the stairs, in tears.
she admires a necklace in a market.
someone allows a subdued smile then shifts boyishly in his seat.
a bracelet with a green shimmering pearl coils around someone's wrist.
someone yanks the pen from someone, then continues reading.
the teen scrambles back and fends off someone with the oar.
a surveillance camera records him at the counter at gunther's.
someone watches him with a concerned expression.
someone puts down his glass
a round kick, rushes to the launch controls and types.
he sees more boys running through the trees.
she turns the tv back on and throws down the remote.
she looks up from the laptop then crosses the room,
he supports someone's head.
manny unlocks the.
she walks into the living room where her father sits in a chair and smokes,
two french women head for the ladies room.
now, someone walks through the party, shifting his agitated gaze.
following her into the kitchen, someone and someone find someone sprawled on the floor.
someone leaps over a railing, separating the peer from the water.
it was worse than cancer."
someone extends a handful of meat between the bars.
now his red taurus sedan drives off.
later, cyrus chats with someone's family.
she tries to stifle a chuckle.
snowy dashes up to someone.
someone smiles up at him sweetly, and his parted lips find hers.
he holds someone's gaze.
they notice someone onstage, swinging her hips and running her fingers down her blonde hair.
someone exhales deeply.
it starts gently, then quickly gathers force as lightning flashes overhead.
someone and someone watch the rider head along a track towards the cabin then stop.
as he watches someone through the glass
someone sits beside her on the bed.
and matches the other numbers from the list with bible verses.
someone happily picks up someone.
a long gentle wave rolls toward dozens of waiting surfers.
grinning he glances around at his classmates.
a female timekeeper displays a photo.
a man wearing a military cap
someone touches his face and finds blood streaming from his nose.
the cat's lip reflectively curls barely exposing his razor sharp teeth.
someone grabs the hidden knife and stabs his hand to the table.
reaching his table, he collapses into a chair and leans back heavily.
below, the roadster turns in beneath the structure.
someone throws his arm around her.
someone leads someone onward.
someone sits on the end of her bed with her hands on her lap.
someone and someone escape onto a rooftop and hop down to a dark yard at the other side of the lodge.
someone clamps a hand over someone's mouth.
his side mirror shows someone sprinting toward the bus.
she holds the door for griffins ex who climbs in with him.
someone pulls into a hampton inn beside a strip mall.
two hostages run off.
the boy brutally punches his opponent in the face.
reaching someone's apartment complex, they dash up the steps to his unit.
he drapes it over his head then hurries outside to a sunny courtyard by a pool.
dodging it, the charging vampire reappears.
someone primps his hair.
with great effort, someone wrestles the mutt into submission.
she smiles.
he heaves it onto a workbench.
as someone walks away, someone stares after him.
someone glances back at the footage and stops.
now someone blows out birthday candles.
a gracefully aging someone approaches the desk with a meal on a tray.
they stop and someone hugs them both.
someone's face slackens and her body begins to relax.
he stares off, his chest heaving, then clenches his
looking on, mr.
someone flinches, then glances at someone.
as someone holds the tiny dragon in his palm, it comes to life, sleepily shakes its head, and flaps its metal wings.
he starts the engine.
someone curls another finger into his palm, leaving only his thumb up.
each of someone's shots takes out an attacker.
the officer drops his gun and flees.
glancing aside, he pauses and stares.
he brushes some snow off a couch and sits, crossing his legs casually.
someone flips through the bible's pages then snaps it closed.
he grabs her ankles.
he flops down beside someone.
someone looks moved.
someone glances at the heavyset techie, then walks out the door.
she smiles nervously.
with the mutants behind him, someone raises a hand and the rockets stop in mid-air within a 100 feet of the shore.
she nuzzles her head against his.
holding him against a wall, she strikes him over and over.
glancing around, she creeps out of the bathroom and makes her way up some stairs.
in the shop, he paints coat buttons onto a tin soldier.
she locks eyes with him impassively.
later, he moves through a dark corridor.
he gives a desperate look.
she walks up to the front door.
he switches off the music.
now from a helicopter we gaze over a soldier's rifle at the convoy of mnu trucks.
now in the kitchen, someone makes espresso.
now as someone does bench presses, the barbell lifts out of her hands.
another elevator opens and the chiseled thug strides out.
a helicopter rises in front of them.
he cocks his head.
now our view orbits a massive bust of saddam hussein wearing a helmet.
someone produces a bomb.
someone does the same, and waits patiently.
carrying a large plastic box, someone steps out of an elevator followed by someone and several other workers.
a tall, slender blonde kisses him.
someone chases someone.
the glassing grabs the canister.
someone grabs the handle with both hands, and pulls to no avail.
zone 12 shines in amber amidst the surrounding green zones.
someone aims her knife.
someones reflections shows in a small round mirror trimmed along the bottom with photos and illustrations.
a doctor gives someone an injection and he goes limp.
inside, someone steals a key ring from the driver's belt.
now, the factory workers file past a scanner.
his ankle strap yanks him upside down.
the coach tries to take it away but he keeps his hips
someone nods and someone looks down with a smile.
he shifts his gaze to a cluster of pill bottles filling a shelf.
a burly father watches his son square off with someone's smaller one.
now, the sun shines brightly on a slate blue sea rolling beyond the meteorological complex.
someone shakes his head and holds his heart.
his mother stands with him and they share a smile.
confused.
the inspector whips the leash around the boy's ankle.
someone stares at the girl with a furrowed brow.
catching his breath, someone looks in at spar.
someone stirs awake in the red cocktail dress.
the boss faces brooke.
someone returns her gaze to someone.
someone shuts the door, remaining seated, and someone smiles.
someone gazes around at ransacked furniture and broken items.
now someone hurries into the dressing room with a giddy smile.
someone gives a relieved look.
someone glances at them as he passes.
flames bloom upward and engulf someone as he sails across the chasm.
someone's aide points out a window.
a baby rests beside her in a bassinet.
now at night, someone mounts someone's motorcycle, holding him tight.
someone spots him running away.
they share a passionate kiss and hold each other tight.
examining a crack running horizontally across its deck.
later, we move down a long table, watching masculine hands rapidly chop onions.
someone points at a trail of floating objects.
the webcast shows her grin and trod out the door.
at vito's the datsun parks by a dumpster.
he leans his arms against the glass and looks into her eyes.
the boy stands and they face off.
irritably pursing her lips, she picks up a glass of white wine and takes a seat.
he hits door, sand cascades onto someone.
someone meets her friendly gaze and gives a thoughtful look.
at the archives someone munches on her sandwich as she walks among the towering stacks.
someone dons eyeglasses, walks to a computer keyboard, and types.
veiling her face.
someone's friends stand.
a mural on a slim, brick building bears someone's name.
the speeding train bucks and twists as cars detach and crash.
wearing earbuds she halts quizzically.
someone stares as he finds the man's coat.
someone shoots through the windshield, then jumps away as the suv closes in.
someone pulls out some brown velveteen pants and a crisp white blouse, both neatly folded.
he opens his eyes and blinks.
the handsome man offers someone a brief sad smile.
sucking in her cheeks, she gazes out at the city through floor-to-ceiling windows.
she shuts her eyes ecstatically as he leans his face toward hers.
as he reaches the bottom, it breaks right behind him.
as ghost rider speeds down into the quarry, the missile dives at him and explodes.
affecting the awkwardness of a middle schooler, someone plunks her wrists on someone's shoulders and stands at arm's length from him.
meanwhile, someone peers outside then locks the doors and windows and turns off the light.
later, wearing a suit, someone steps through the house.
someone grabs a poker from the fireplace.
behind someone, someone stands and runs at his brother with his spear in his hands.
she notices someone walking by with a clipboard and returns her attention to the binder.
one dancer wears a hat tilted over his eyes, a lit cigarette in his mouth.
he turns to see someone someone walking through the field of attentive little creatures.
someone inserts the drive into a laptop.
someone grabs him roughly and they wrestle to the floor.
someone stands and someone joins him.
window, a chestnut haired clerk counts out
in the now smartly arranged living room,
someone, still in costume, walks down a hallway backstage then sachets into a room where several fans wait to meet her.
they gazed down at the train crash site far below.
she beats his chest.
someone glances at a brown haired god who blinks confusedly.
she sees someone following her.
he steps in close.
she never had another laotong.
the bartender brings him a tall glass of beer.
a pickup slows beside him.
her clothes burst off and she morphs into a demonic six-winged creature.
holding the notice, someone lunches with a black haired woman.
a small screen shows the animals singing along with the music.
the superintendent leans back.
later in a conference room, he shakes hands with two soldiers then grabs his bag.
someone looks through dresses on hangers.
she faces her webcam once again.
she keeps her melancholy gaze averted as someone arrives.
someone starts to follow.
someone gets inside as the armored truck reaches someone.
he steps away from the suv.
now someone selects a gun.
yates pushes his way inside.
as someone makes his way around the pool, two guys in board shorts amble past, both casually toting semi-automatics.
in his office, someone watches someone on tv.
later, he straightens the collar of his army fatigues.
someone shines her flashlight into the hole and sees a metal ladder leading down several feet.
someone snatches his jacket back off the bar and faces someone skeptically.
she shows someone a phony eye chart.
he gives a little shrug of the head, then kicks off his shoes.
later, someone holds someone's now defaced childhood portrait.
someone's amazed by someone's stories.
grins at someone, then leans forward.
someone lifts his other arm up.
now on stage, she adjusts her microphone and faces the house.
dipped her brush, and wrote a final inscription.
he glimpses a hazy black and white image of someone in the living room.
then lowers his lips to her neck.
she timidly strides between two columns of benches shooting furtive glances at the other commuter.
someone warren turns away and faces the desk sergeant.
now older someone takes milk out of the fridge.
someone lowers his cupped hands from his mouth.
someone kisses someone.
someone enters the dingy garage.
now a map from the survival book illustrates the world's ocean currents with inter-swirling circles.
inside the shack, someone packs a garbage bag.
someone gazes down at someone remorsefully.
someone inspects several bare branches at the end of one bough.
she sinks down slowly under the water.
they stand over weapons and ammo neatly laid out on the bed.
she flips it over and gazes at the half-filled span of back side panels.
now wearing the sea anchor as a hat that shades his face, neck and shoulders,
wears his headphones and sunglasses, as someone holds him on the scooter.
she kisses his cheek, then faces the priest with someone.
she steps in front of someone and someone.
someone kicks the can high across the yard and grimaces.
she yanks off the sheet.
following someone, the group races behind residential buildings, where drying clothes hang on lines.
a woman covers her bare breast.
now, she jerks her head side-to-side.
back in her party girl disguise, she lies curled up on her cot.
he tosses the phone aside, then reaches back into the sack.
she steps out of the shower, obscured by steam, bends over her open notebook, and adds the name to the list.
he changes the channel to a news program called, the squawk box.
someone starts to take it from her.
at the hospital, someone goes to the lobby where her sister someone is waiting.
the killer turns away and someone squeezes her left hand free from the wrist restraint.
becoming serious, he stares at her.
a framed wedding photo stands nearby.
now at an upscale restaurant, a fountain stands amid softly lit tables.
someone answers the phone.
an approaching pirate ship fires cannon balls,
as she turns away, the big smile grows on her face.
a mildly frustrated someone dismounts.
a golden sign reads, "beverly hills luxury apartment."
the robbers shoot looks at the hostages through their sunglasses.
someone vanishes, as agent someone walks back into the room.
someone launches himself into the air and grabs the camera.
someone gazes at the dancing couple.
captain gets her webbed foot twisted in a kite string dangling from a high shelf.
someone returns to his chair facing someone and takes a rag from the box.
later, his car travels past a park.
he steps into the room
his eyes glistening tearfully, someone pats the youth and stands.
staring at someone, someone steps forward and hands him a small parcel wrapped in cloth.
an ugly rat faced man has someone by the wrist.
as the other dancers grind against the letters, someone sits atop the e at the center.
the sniper cocks his rifle and steers fixedly into its sight.
one is ink-stamped with the words in custody.
she looks up at the sunny sky then swings her legs down and glances around thoughtfully.
now baer approaches with a vacant trance-like stare.
his jaw clenches, agonizing.
now someone lies on the daybed with his eyes closed.
a porter pushes a luggage cart down a walkway along a skyscraper's facade.
someone casually sets his wrist on a time dispenser.
someone gazes after the father as he follows his sons away.
it blazes with a greenish-yellow flame.
someone forces a delighted crinkle of his nose.
her feet carry her over the forest snowy ground.
staggering, he finds his balance then gazes out.
someone tastes the filling.
heading further into the car, a soot-smeared someone catches someone watching him and pauses with a frown.
someone smiles and shakes her head.
a door opens.
she moves into a curled shoulder stand and jiggles.
someone removes his ring.
they both move on.
the fluffy edges agleam in the sunlight.
someone's mother gives an embarrassed smirk and shrug of the head.
it's someone in a red leather jacket on a music video set.
someone turns off the news.
she steps through the french doors into the bedroom.
his gaze rose past the paperbacks,
a short distance away, a balding man with a goatee and glasses studies someone and someone.
the man stares at the woman.
he sees a faded rendering of a female on its black surface.
he picks her up.
someone flips through the old photos documenting his childhood.
he caresses her hair, then lovingly kisses her.
she pumps major iron.
a cameraman aims at someone.
they sip red wine, then lean in for a kiss at the same time, and bash heads.
two push him through the water with their noses.
love someone.
the end credits start to roll over the scene, as a man pushes his mother on a wheelchair, and a teenager offers his mom a sip from his juice box.
they approach the open patio door.
someone and someone ride in the bus as it drives through the countryside then follows a line of vehicles into greenville air force base.
someone steps inside and finds the walls covered with computer parts.
as someone laughs, leaves shoot out of his mouth.
someone holds up her fork.
people at the other tables turn to look and someone's face falls.
a shadowy figure stands at a window in her door.
she trades a smile with an older woman.
driving the white convertible, someone speeds along a highway above the ocean.
someone looks away, then back at someone.
she half stifles her smile as she accepts the bouquet.
watching fondly, someone spies someone on the other side of a fish tank.
he stands then stumbles back over.
smiling, the blond shakes her head and slides the phone into her back pocket.
straightening, he answers his cell.
clean white lines appear, gradually forming letters that spell a title.
the driver, a brown-haired woman, stares at someone.
he snacks on a pile of nacho cheese doritos, spilled conveniently within reach.
the recording abruptly cuts out.
someone takes another sip.
her feet work the pedals in a steady rhythm,
someone removes her jacket and sees a man leering at her.
clutching his shotgun and suitcase, someone climbs in.
crouching below his son's eye level, someone rubs his hands together.
in her hotel suite someone dials a cell phone hooked into her laptop.
someone lays someone down on the bed.
someone grabs someone by the lapel and throws a punch, but someone telekinetically arrests it inches from his face.
they lock blades.
someone glances toward a doorway framing her parents.
he glances out of the potomac then directs her gaze to the door.
the masked men charge up the stairs.
she pins him to a wall.
later, they pull into native american trading post themed rest stop that a sign labels, the kemosabe.
blue flames ignite from the engines.
someone drives the other two across the someone washington bridge.
gripping its edge, she slides it away.
someone stares at his son then slowly lowers his eyes.
she removes her shoes, climbs up on the conveyer, and runs past suitcases.
someone dances up in his face.
puts his shades back on.
someone's hands tentatively saw with her knife into an onion.
in the darkened prisoners ward, a guard paces along a catwalk above circular jail cells.
the tagline reads, breaking news.
one photograph shows someone in a wedding dress.
he shakes his head at the check.
he and someone catch up to the carriage and climb on to the back.
the nerd enters the metropolitan city police academy wearing a blue uniform and takes his place in a registration line.
now, multiple screens show data and imagery over someone's computer.
someone takes cover.
he shuts the door and lingers in front of it.
he aims the screw driver at her eye then runs his fingers along her paint-stained hair.
standing, he hops along the mat, then limps down the steps.
someone takes out the gps.
returning to the street, it sideswipes a car.
she brushes a strand of hair behind her ear, then jots a note on a pad over a textbook.
someone stares after someone, then eyeballs the doorway to his new apartment, and frowns.
she lays them beside someone, then sits and returns the shoebox to her lap.
someone stares after him with a wounded gaze.
a woman pulls a sheer wig cap over someone's scalp.
meanwhile, he stalks toward her.
she flies into the air in an explosion of pavement as the beam cuts across the facades of nearby buildings.
our view ascends to find an angel spreading its wings over the earth.
and alien fist clutching a human heart bursts from someone's chest.
someone looks at the exhausted horse and put his hand on his pistol.
bush grows by a burrowed cactus and a healthy saguaro.
beneath the water's surface, someone's body clock read over a thousand years.
now in nottingham, peasants bundle golden sheaves of wheat and cart them off.
as time passes, the break room grows emptier and emptier until only someone remains.
bills.
she shuts her eyes.
someone kneels beside him.
rounding a turn, the survey team steps into view and slows.
he lifts the flower to his nose, closes his eyes, and takes a sniff.
that night, as someone trots down a sidewalk, someone follows clapping the picnic basket lid like a yapping mouth.
they leave.
then places the dog into a hand bag.
crouching over one of the dead, someone picks up his cross necklace.
a tiny window opens, a chef takes a scrap of paper and lets the young man in.
she turns and scans the room.
camped out on his couch, someone rushes to the phone and answers it.
with wide eyes, he looks up at someone and someone who smile at their son's affection.
someone looks from the band to someone then back again.
with a lug wrench, someone smashes the window of an enemy driver beside them.
he turns his head and approaches a crest.
the girls stagger gripping golf clubs.
they break through the platform and into a red plastic shoot.
back at the office, samantha chases him.
he uses someone as a human shield.
someone puts on the helmet.
he strolls up to a group of them.
she comes out onto the dark streets where several musicians are basking.
a horse brushes past him and he staggers.
someone's mouth twists in a repressed sob and he rubs his lips back into a stoic line.
someone bounces the baby, soothing it.
someone stands at the far end of the cockpit as the cube brightens.
she hits a light switch, which turns on a single lamp that barely sheds light on the room.
she tosses its casing to.
someone wears stylish heels.
watching the tv, the attendant is cracking up.
he goes outside
climbing out of the sedan, someone sweeps his view around the area.
someone climbs out with a sub machine gun raised.
in a dream, someone stands naked with cartoon clouds covering her chest and hips.
he moves in for another kiss.
later, in the desert, someone leads someone, someone, and someone along a path between jutting cliffs and barren mountains with cave-like openings.
someone narrows his eyes and tilts his head.
as someone progresses, we find the probe hovering before a heart shaped door of multiple oblong panels.
with a seductive look, she rises from a couch.
rifling through an unpacked box, someone finds the someone mnemonic menu with her vows written on it.
she pulls him into a passionate kiss as the happy couple arrives.
his sons grin.
as the children devour cake slices, a priest approaches.
our view zooms from guys texting at the pool, to more guys huddle around a cellphone on the soccer field.
as someone's mother and father help the boys to their feet, a pipe smoking man steps out.
someone looks out a window at the sedan below.
someone turns to someone smiling nervously.
someone lowers his chin and narrows his eyes.
she stops abruptly, her eyes narrowing.
they stroll together.
now in a baggy t-shirt and shorts, someone sits on the sunny beach, gazing at the surf.
now they eat dinner with someone's father.
someone vomits again.
he crouches at her side.
she glances at his face again, then gazes off with a gentle smile.
now the coin emerges from the back of the someone's head and falls to the floor, splotched with the someone's blood.
grinning, he spreads his arms and envelops her in a hug.
someone heads back inside as his friend climbs up to the rail car's roof.
someone lies motionless, as someone rolls him onto his back.
others halt before the supply room.
the war hammer boomerangs back and strikes the destroyer to the ground.
king someone the lion heart, bankrupt of wealth and glory, is floundering his way back to england after ten years on his crusade.
someone looks down ruefully.
two guys celebrate in a scrapyard.
someone loses control and the submarine drops to the edge of the sandy shore, landing on its side.
the blonde man turns and smiles toward three men standing to the right of the king.
as someone joins someone, mrs.
as someone returns to the tv, someone notices his jacket lying crumpled at the base of the coat rack.
little someone tosses someone a wrapped, intact, twinkie.
nestor shrugs as a crane lifts the car.
it becomes a locomotive speeding along a track in the darkness.
grimacing painfully, someone sits up.
someone sets down his mic, takes someone's hand, and leads her to the dance floor where he yanks her in close.
holding the book in both hands, someone walks deeper into the station.
they hit a bump and catch air over a cross street.
using a space blanket, someone flips it back.
as someone sits back down the dean grins.
a fleeing woman spills her strawberry milkshake high into the air.
someone slowly stands.
it rises high as someone, someone, and the man in black stare.
he places the hat on his client's bald head.
as he steps toward someone, he rubs his cheek again with the back of his hand.
a woman holds a sign in english.
emergency lights flash on the building.
the bartender aims a gun.
as she mounts a dark horse, the father gazes wearily at her.
from her seat across his desk, someone shoots the portly bearded man a weary look.
a guy in a varsity jacket takes a drink.
the unicorn rights itself, but the pirate ship sinks beneath the roiling waves.
as he hides his face behind his paddle, the ball bounces off of it.
she hangs up the phone.
a metal panel cut in at one side to create a c shaped hollow flips up from a console beside someone.
someone flops on to a bed his shirt hanging open.
the accelerator extends across the entire house.
someone, takes in her warm, lovely smile, and gives her a hug.
his eyes peer solemnly from his beastly mask.
someone's gaze softens as he watches the dominated cat.
just a few copulating thrusts
as someone enters, someone's eyes remain closed.
seated at the coffee table, someone colors.
someone takes a barrage of hits.
he touches her
his eyes roll back and he faints.
the young woman makes some room for someone and he joins her and someone on the blanket.
someone makes the same face but with a crinkled brow.
someone sits on a sofa.
two young women cheer.
coming inside, someone complies.
now the sisters hurry up a quiet suburban driveway past a white sedan, and approach a side entrance.
map of western of france with a red line stretching between its northern and south western coasts.
someone turns back to pepper and someone.
covering his ears he drops the penguin.
he grabs her wrists, holding her back, but she twists free and slashes at him.
the nazi officer slides a clear canister into the box, then transfers the light source into a large machine, and locks it into place.
he opens a safe.
later, he treads into someone's bed chamber.
she mimes rowing.
he tosses his bat aside and they proceed down the aisle.
the shallow river's current rushes around someone as he sprawls motionless on its concrete bed.
now, light pours into a dark room as someone opens its door.
now the city's buildings stand against a muted dawn sky.
someone steps up to her.
someone leans to his children.
someone walk outside they tentatively hold hands.
someone poses, pulling the sewn flaps of the duck together.
one leaf flutters away from the bodhi tree.
working on the roof, someone climbs down a ladder and carries his tools over.
they sidestep.
a cleanly breaking wave forms a long tube.
as the captain leaves, someone turns his head and exhales.
someone walks crotch first.
someone locks eyes with the rock-star.
he peels it back.
later wearing goggles, someone inserts a prism into the accelerator and activates it.
he reaches over.
someone averts his head.
the steel eagle lands on the ground.
another night in bed with grandma someone who turns over and steals the bed clothes.
its rear-end sticking out in the sunny yard.
crouched in the hallway, someone creeps in after him and gently pushes the door shut.
someone takes a deep breath and chases the mugger.
and notices one of someone's shirts lying on top of the covers.
in midair, the missile extinguishes ghost rider's flames, then propels him to the ground.
the three of them watch as the engaged couple kisses.
a light turns green and he speeds on to the freeway.
he takes out the envelope and opens it.
then pulls the laptop closer.
water rushes along the boat and completely covers him.
someone waggles his bottoms into the pants.
he raises his head and looks at the other half of the bed, which is empty.
the alarmed goat shakes its head and ears, then spins in a circle.
someone tosses the salad.
he undoes his chinstrap and takes off his helmet and eyes the palace.
someone lowers her disapproving gaze to her bowl.
the teen shuts his eyes, frowning against the light.
someone fires at someone again and sets dozens of parked vehicles on fire.
someone listens to an ipod in one ear.
a woman in bed kicks him.
prepping his fishing line, someone glances up at the tiger.
he falls back behind the chief.
it dunks its head under the running water.
someone's face contorts in anguish as she gazes at the comatose woman.
someone lifts his face.
she glances at the screen, then locks eyes with him.
a mugshot of homer, photos of a robbed bank and a sprawled body, and a street map.
the police officer tosses a smoke bomb.
then stops and gazes at the black and white images of his ancestors.
setting down his torch, he checks a gauge.
wielding a rifle, someone beckons a team of armed thugs out to join him.
someone buries her chin in sister's shoulder.
straining with effort, he pulls himself up.
he spots a likely match to the photographer's vantage of someone's position in the 1960s.
she wakes her lover.
but pretends to fall, and get back up.
as the breaking wave rushes over someone's board, his ankle strap comes off.
eyeing one another over the tops of their glasses, both men guzzle.
as they walk down a hall, suydam takes notes.
she sets it down with her sandwich and goes.
he takes a handful of ashes and tosses them.
someone flies off.
he grips the wheel and smiles woefully.
tousling her hair,
someone flees, urging his goateed
someone parks outside a bar, and walks in as his copilot, someone, appears on the news.
he mounts his horse.
her mother faces someone.
someone gives someone a sultry look as they embrace.
glancing from the regal beast's profile toward the water,
the photographer smiles, then turns.
lord someone watches the boy shoot him a final glance, then exit the room.
later, someone drops the boys off on a street outside someone's house.
the arc reactor glows brighter and brighter.
in the shop, someone looks up from his work at someone, who demonstrates dance steps for a group of girls.
someone gets out of a black car at the hospital christmas party at the plush w hotel.
someone takes out two vampires then twirls the ax behind his back to someone who spins the versatile weapon and strikes another vampire with its butt.
the surfers call to one another as they beat a path to the right.
later, wearing pants and a t-shirt, someone steps into a restaurant where samantha sits with several executives.
pausing, he looks up.
turning, he finds someone sitting on the concrete.
someone watches the men get in their car.
someone watches him.
she maintains an emotionless expression as the villagers continue to pay their respects.
wearing leather gloves and long johns, the inspector soaks in a bathtub as he uses the phone.
someone works his way up beside someone and adjusts his red kerchief.
he turns on the tv.
someone turns to the mezzanine and fires.
she slumps over, her long black bangs covering her face.
someone smiles at a table where his business partners dine with mrs.
she flips through notebook.
he hangs on it, pulling with his full weight, then falls to the floor.
he crashes into a planter sending the zombie flying out the windshield and into a building.
the floating view withdraws at the littered hall away from the open bedroom door.
the cover shows a photo of someone on a hand-drawn background that reads, "play along.
the father and son crumple, but the thugs haul them back on to their knees.
someone yanks off a helmet.
his two friends stare as well.
the loyal knight puts it to the wounded king's lips and pours the liquid into his mouth.
someone cautiously opens the door and finds the hands gnawed off at the forearm.
now, his digital clock reads 3:19 as he lies in bed with someone.
back in the sitting room, someone leans close to someone.
staring at dense tangled bushes
he leans his head back.
he gives a talk show interview with someone.
someone watches someone give the departing hottie a playful smack on the rear.
in his own room, someone holds a phone to his ear.
now from an angle over someone's shoulder, we see her open her front door.
someone offers a befuddled blink, then mimes putting the jacket on.
he smashes a bottle with his fist.
he kisses the back of her hand.
he picks up the key and examines it.
as someone punches out a thug, someone backs someone to the mantel where the sedona vase rests.
shaking his head, the teen turns away and heads home.
she puts the stack of papers down.
she shifts icily.
the ferryman looks at him then extends his hand.
a car speeds past a sign that reads georgian gardens, and stops.
someone rolls her eyes at him.
he replaces the gas nozzle.
the camera captures his image.
the retired cia man reads the caption, "crazy night at the hilton."
the center judge uses a microphone.
now, as an officer turns a crank,
turning, he halts and calls across the busy street.
someone whips the poles around and moves the boy into another stance.
a microscopic view shows blood flow along a y-shaped pathway.
they look up.
the snow picks up again as the car turns down a road bordered with tall skeletal trees.
nodding her head, someone smiles.
someone enters a newsroom.
he raises a finger.
later the recruiters enter a pub where logan sits at the bar.
now someone glares at someone, from behind an administrative counter, while aggressively stapling a document.
she kisses him, then frowns.
both boys wear suits.
the cafe owner sets her dog on the floor.
someone lies on his back beside someone who stares at the ceiling.
later on a quiet street someone and someone walk together following the others.
as the young hostage takes the pizza slice in hand, someone takes another bale of cash off a shelf.
noticing, someone approaches the wealthy man.
the rider elbows him then knocks him back.
they walk into the attic storeroom.
they get undressed.
someone hovers the camera out of both their hands.
beside her, someone wolfs down a sample of cake.
someone clutches a microphone as she takes her position on the platform under the stage.
reaching the escape pods she opens a pod door and grabs a space suit.
someone stares coldly at someone through blackened eyes.
later it pulls up outside a glamorous party.
someone tumbles across the galley, as the plane straightens out.
with uncertain eyes the matronly teacher takes the joint, pinching it between two fingers she lifts it to her lips, inhales, then holds her breath.
they reach an aisle of toy guns.
at night, someone and someone dance together by a campfire as two women sing and play ukuleles.
someone stares into someone's eyes, then steps back a few paces.
as someone hugs his father, the penguins gather at someone's legs.
someone walks in carrying a liquor bottle.
she shows her nails.
she takes a deep breath and scrunches up her face.
someone throws a rope into the cave and starts down the slope.
the killer desperately fights to find perches on the ground as he dangles over the hole.
someone cheers throwing her hands in the air.
someone runs his hand over various items, then stops in front of a figurine covered in acupuncture needles.
in the er a doctor intubates the wife while another cuts the husband's shirt.
someone mimes throwing punches.
someone shrugs his brow.
she hurriedly ends the call.
her jaw hangs slack.
people in white lab coats turn and stare at someone.
young woman gazes off with a solemn
he smokes his cigarette.
the criminal leads the old man out.
the others pose around the alien.
he helps fasten her harness.
she takes a weary breath.
as someone walks past a couch, she kicks the back.
ken grins at the new arrivals.
a rectangular wooden plaque stands upright
the guard continues dancing.
as the bully swings his fists, someone leaps back onto his hands, and springs onto his feet.
his clock shows over 9000 years.
with a sad smile, she gazes at the oblivious boy.
someone looks over her shoulder to find her companion pausing to take in his surroundings.
our enemies deserve pain.
someone topples a shelving unit.
she limps forward, leaving beast and the others behind.
coming in the other direction, someone bumps into the middle-aged detective.
someone steps closer, raising the pole, and lifting the boy's leg into a near-vertical position.
someone grabs the hot lid from the floor, and covers the pot.
now in the waiting room.
someone cranes his neck to look at him.
her mother hugs her.
grabbing blankets and towels he hustles after her and does high steps to get out of his jeans.
now an elevator opens and he steps out, toting a portfolio and a sack full of canvases.
a mural of two widespread female legs flanks the hot-pink back door of a strip club named, double d's.
shakes his hand again.
reaching a smooth silver sculpture, the penguins launch into the air.
someone turns the key persistently, but finds the deadbolt stuck.
someone presses his lips tightly.
as they strut out, someone kicks a chair.
on the other side, they find a crowd waiting by a line of cars.
she glances back at someone.
later, they face a row of round hay bales and blow one after another into smithereens.
someone stirs a pan of stew.
he wraps his arms around her and she rests her head on his shoulder.
shuffling through the shadows, he pauses by a sofa and juts his head forward.
she slaps the waiter's rear.
someone tosses the notebook over and it lands in the dirt.
the boy in gray kicks at him, and someone seizes his leg, flips him over his shoulder, and slams him onto the mat.
someone raises both hands, someone grabs the wheel.
he walks through to another display.
someone snatches the remote back up and curls around it protectively.
they hide behind a wall.
someone leaves with the baby.
someone encourages applause.
someone follows at a safe distance.
as they lower toward her, someone gives herself another injection.
the house is full of enthused faces.
someone leaves the gathering.
he leans against a wall, chest heaving.
someones suv halts on a narrow lane in a quaintly lit public park.
he pulls the boat close.
the image dissolves to the trees at night as more traffic crawls by.
someone enters the room carrying a food tray.
as he and his assistant head out, someone swivels his chair to face them.
someone remains seated at the far end of the room.
someone eyes him sternly then leaves the room.
he marks a map.
someone climbs out of the wood in a feather boa.
the complex, passing someone.
their eyes fixed on a chess game between them.
a crowd of guests boogie on the dance floor.
it drops from his grasp and plummets over the falls.
uniformed soldiers seal every exit.
the youth stretches out on his stomach and heads for the distant shore.
someone looks out of the side of the massive ship, then up at another porthole above him.
puts his marker to a photo of p diddy.
looking around, someone spots a garden gnome.
someone and someone peruse the buffet table while other guests convene in the next room.
he pauses thoughtfully then proceeds with a resolute glare.
lifting the papers, he searches underneath, then pats his pockets.
someone's leg twitches and he lifts his head.
they share a kiss and someone pulls him into the modern industrial home.
facing them, rory warmly extends a hand to his nephew.
sitting in the seat beside someone, col.
in the conference room, someone's expression darkens.
her friendly smile fades as someone catches her gaze.
the goateed man glares at each of them.
someone aims his pistol at the major's back.
from the hallway, someone watches someone tread into the room then peeks in after her.
jonathan glares, then gives
inside a classroom, the boys sit with several notebooks and movie reels at a long table.
kite on her back spreads like wings and she soars into the air.
silhouetted against the pale sky, someone gallops on across the dusty plain.
surfacing, he shakes out his curls.
someone shyly averts his gaze.
he fires and the missile arcs high into the air.
someone leans in and gives her a kiss.
he lifts his glass.
from a distance, the bright orange flare briefly illuminates the dark night sky and the screen fades to black.
harvard's boat follows.
the head doctor zaps someone's
he unlocks a door which opens at the pit's floor level.
as the engineer crouches, someone stumbles but someone and his aide catch him.
actor someone felton sporting draco malfoy's bleached locks.
someone strokes her chin.
she looks at his father through the open window.
someone shields her face from the flying glass shards.
she returns with a photo album and hands it to him.
she smiles and leaves.
someone takes hold of her hips and buries his face between her butt cheeks.
later, someone opens the apartment door and steps into the dark living room.
someone smiles back.
as the defending champ closes in, someone envisions a hazy blanched view of campbell crumbling under someone's
the white jeep makes a left turn off the coastal highway onto a side street,
the red-haired guitarist steps up to the microphone.
as someone takes in her surroundings, someone glances over her shoulder, her stricken expression mirroring the team.
mixed in with a sea turtle, manta ray and other sea life.
mr. edelweiss peeks out from one.
a teammate elbows him.
someone watches her go then excitedly grabs a wine bottle and two glasses and hurries over to the coffee table.
in an outdoor breezeway, someone struts into a crowd of students wearing a black bustier with a red letter a sewn to the bust.
he puts on a magnifying glass headband with small working lights
the creature appears around the corner.
the inspectors hurry forward and corner him on a doorstep.
as servants stand ready with lit torches, she climbs down from the pyre.
someone gazes toward the crash site.
craning his neck, he looks pass her to the fbi agents.
hurtling toward the cake, the inspector turns and crashes into the band.
on a lower floor, someone wearing a gas mask
in his room, someone plays a guitar.
someone plays the dholak drum and watches her closely.
nestor restrains the rottweiler who growls at a stack of furniture.
it rolls off the side but he catches it and puts it back.
later, at a water taxi stop on the river, she walks with someone up a flight of stairs.
someone stares lovingly at her and draws a deep breath.
the manager leaves and the security guard heads into the store.
an oncoming car swerves around the hatchback, almost hits someone, then swipes the suv.
someone and someone lock gazes.
a large bird pecks at the corpses flesh.
she pulls him closer and kisses him.
as someone irritably rolls his eyes, someone's grin fades.
at an isolated nighttime beach, someone crouches over his surfboard and waxes it aggressively.
someone holds up a pair of bright red boxing shoes.
each sticking their wrist in as they go.
she leaves the monitor.
the sheriff stares fearfully into the surrounding forest.
now a bespectacled old man waits in a conference room with a stylish businessman.
someone's board roughly bumps his on arrival.
someone's lips curl into a happy smile.
someone squats down and folds her arms in front of her.
from the lookout point, someone snacks on sunflower seeds as he watches the teen.
they gaze out at departing guest.
he sneaks up behind a pedestrian and snatches his phone.
someone shines his flashlight at the first, who bends over at one of the sarcophagus-like pods.
later in the dark, someone sits hunched beneath the sheet and uses a flashlight.
the men huddle behind the wall.
someone pats him on the back.
now, someone strides outside through a doorway framed by stained glass panels.
looking down, he stops and unties someone's string bracelet, unwrapping it from his wrist.
in the photo, someone beams beside her bearded groom.
antonio turns on his flashlight, then flips a few switches.
later in someone's bedroom, a digital clock radio displays the time -
the red light he cuts into the left turn
someone quickly locks the horse into its stall.
he catches someone eyeing someone.
he takes a long breath and blinks.
someone ducks into an alcove, then peers back out at him.
he looks to his friend.
reaching their destination, they climb off their bikes and lower their kickstands.
someone gets their bags.
someone shoots someone a quick glare.
now, african women play drums and dance.
she pauses to shoot someone a glare before reaching the stranger.
standing between the two broken stumps of a broken off bench that once stretched across the boat,
someone grins and kisses her.
someone accompanies her through the open gate.
it sings.
tightens it on with screws, then places the repaired mouse back onto the counter.
the swirling wind engulfs the transmitter, ripping it apart.
as the matron ushers her to another, the prisoner
still wearing his glasses and clothes from the night before, as someone lick his ear.
now someone opens the door to her room.
the official examines his nose.
we glimpse a black eagle emblem amid the return address and then, the same emblem on the cover page
the camera zooms in on someone's mother's face as she smiles.
in someone's pit, someone slides over a bowl of popcorn for the approaching gorilla.
then lets her smile fade.
the road extends over the sea to a domed metal building sitting on an island.
he puts his pipe on a side table.
he gives a resigned look.
male dancers surround someone as she performs.
her handbag and green overcoat drop from her grip, landing in the mess.
he looks off then hurries down the hall.
the mostly submerged tiger stares up at him helplessly.
he takes out a scrap of paper and reads an address.
hurrying his pace, he falls in step beside the man - who doesn't acknowledge someone's presence.
leaning in, someone opens the zebra print page then scrolls down to find the photo of someone kissing someone on the cheek.
someone stares at a dark exposed hand.
someone enters and sets down his bag.
they swing shut by themselves.
with a frantic look, he pulls onto the main road leading out of his estate, passes through the front gate and swerves onto a street.
now we gaze out over atlanta's skyscrapers which stand interwoven with thick sections of woodlands.
someone and her partner come in.
someone holds out her hands, palms up, and someone takes them in his own
the rebels have been stopped.
her mother-in-law's eyes remain on her stitching.
in daylight, he walks out of the apartment building with a broad grin on his face.
a slender woman in a slinky mini dress staggers out.
now at her apartment, someone sits in a chair, her hands fidgeting anxiously.
the tac team reaches a security barrier.
they stand in the mud.
someone sits close to someone as his older siblings read.
he sees a map spread out on the desk, with a someone circle drawn around one section labeled, forbidden domain.
dressed in a chauffeur's uniform, someone turns forward and drives off.
someone stumbles out of the audience, runs to a banquet table then yanks off the table cloth.
meerkats run around him as he sits at the edge, reaching one foot down.
she faces the screen again, her chest heaving.
bradford closes a laptop.
he reaches a run-downed shack, peers through the window, then removes orange and white caution tape from across the door.
her mouth opens wide and she doubles over.
someone torches someone again.
someone catches up.
now they lounge in bed, barefoot.
in the art room, someone sets someone's canvas on an easel.
in the present, a ct machine scans an unconscious someone.
he wears his hockey pads and fairy uniform.
green slime stains it.
she mounts the front stoop
his skin bears no color.
he bobs his shoulders, then flips a few switches.
someone bends back the broken railing on his side, creating a gap.
as someone drives away, a grin spreads across someone's features.
another guard lies dead beside him.
his lips twitch in a sadistic frown.
dernier stands and plugs his ears as the tank rolls on.
someone runs to someone and looks over the shirtless and bruised captive.
chewing her food, she turns away.
someone drops her arms to her sides, then steps around the couch and takes a seat
in their room, someone emerges from the bathroom, holding up a few small bottles.
meanwhile, someone careens along the light beam through outer space.
gilbert leads someone and someone upstairs.
someone approaches the door to her apartment.
the regal woman bursts into the room.
following someone's gaze, he sees his morning wood jetting up under the blanket.
bringing its angle parallel with the moon's curve.
now someone comes in as someone lies sick in bed.
someone bobs his head while someone holds his hand out.
venom steps a little closer to someone.
shaking her head, she smiles.
his brow furrowed.
she flops onto the bed.
someone faces him gravely.
he watches someone lead the way with someone on his elbow.
someone grits his teeth and squeezes his eyes shut.
someone glances at someone who bites her bottom lip as she cries.
we love you, someone.
they walk through the office.
someone hands someone a napkin with i'm wet written on it in lipstick.
as the special forces infiltrate an alley, an someone.
walking a residential street, someone looks at the cash in the bag.
later, someone works at his sony vaio computer.
someone pins his attacker
a stranger tries to help.
someone wears the medal for kindness.
he sees the cameraman far below.
cradling it in
he takes out her earphones.
hooks the stirring wheel and yanks.
someone sits on the bottom of the clock with his feet resting on a small ledge covered in snow.
someone gives a silent scream.
he places his hands on either side of someone's head.
with the dollar strapped to his back, he cautiously tiptoes across a hardwood floor, making his way past a looming dining table.
the cyclone-maker climbs through the broken window.
the tyrannosaur faces someone.
later, inside an office depot, two teenage clerks stock shelves as someone browses printer cartridges.
someone unfolds a slip of paper.
someone takes a swig from a beer bottle and glances at his son.
now she lies on top of him.
someone deftly dribbles the puck toward the opposing team's goal.
in a dove cote, a shaggy bird keeper, as they flutter away, he seizes one.
a bare hand caresses a lock of hair pressed against her neck.
his right eye covered by a patch, the grizzled king studies the two boys with his piercing left eye.
he serves her a hotdog.
turning, he finds his wife watching from the front door of their home.
the bodhi tree's three remaining leaves flutter in a breeze.
he and someone pull the raft up on shore then follow the woman with someone.
someone looks over his shoulder then crosses to a window where a tabby waits on the sill in the cold.
holding the receiver to her ear, she gazes at the engagement ring on her finger.
with a wry smile he looks down and takes her hand in his
she passes a hardware store and heads for colonel g. stonehill's sales table.
someone suddenly takes flight.
shifting her bewildered gaze the student shrugs.
and spots a knife ina belt around his waist.
seated on the crowded lawn, someone and someone each take a shot.
staying out of its line of sight, someone shoots a zombie as it runs out.
someone runs to someone's desk, points at the austin powers doll, then at himself, then sweeps his arm in a circle.
now, the words out of blink of on his neon sign, leaving only time illuminated.
she pauses and frowns.
someone gazes at someone who smiles and nods his head as he watches the band.
someone blocks the door.
a servant arrives with a tray of refreshments and serves the newcomers.
someone steps toward him, blustering.
someone gives a perplexed shake of the head.
she breathes hard through her parted lips.
sitting with someone on the bed, he notices dark, swollen veins branching from a bite on the boy's wrist.
he scans his fellow students.
she sets the incense sticks in a dish.
a set of inner jaws pops out from its mouth.its pink gums dripping slime.
on the mat, someone's opponent kicks someone in the shoulder, then charges him.
someone sways back and forth along with the horses labored gait.
later someone walks alone through the courtyard leading to her apartment.
as someone steps away, someone shyly approaches his ex who waits for him in a doorway.
the mustang abruptly skids to a stop.
and someone cautiously steps in.
making sketches that resemble the treelike sculptures in her former studio.
the welfare guardian grabs someone by the waistband and yanks her hips up off the mattress.
someone heads out a back door and someone follows.
it shines in through the distant aperture.
one features a search party in the woods.
later, the woman raises a beer.
on another floor, someone crosses a hall to a door bearing the words detective bureau someone squad.
someone's grandma sits forward and glares, baring her one tooth.
she heads to the track, where four other girls race, then stop and huddle around a phone.
the jeep does a tight skidding 180, someone nearly falls out but someone pulls him back in.
someone eyes someone, who sits beside her sewing.
someone faces a sultry woman, slightly older, with wavy blonde hair.
someone dives gracefully into the water.
he checks his clock which shows over 105 years.
on the other side of the grating, spar lies with his eyes half-closed.
as fans cheer the performers stack their hands in a pile.
grabbing the tether, he tugs hand over fist to reel himself toward the boat.
she shakes her head, wincing tearfully.
as footage of military aircraft and ships appear on the screen, eight drones rise from the floor on a platform at the back of stage left.
in her underwear, she returns with the ball.
the sun sets behind the watery horizon as the foursome continues along the shore toward a distant resort,
now she leads the way into her apartment.
his mother eyes someone who returns the glare.
it strolls into the kitchen and takes a seat, staring at the oven.
someone gives a puzzled scowl.
someone yanks on his cuff secured tightly to the headboard.
she waves for him to follow her and steps into the storage room.
someone the lacrosse player reads her topic.
she rises from the couch.
she follows him down a hill peering ahead with a determined gaze.
he grins more broadly.
he notices less than a minute on someone's clock.
now, in slow motion the door of a white limousine opens, releasing doves.
someone peers at the canister, watching the doctors study it through the plastic bag.
it waddles alongside her a few paces then opens its beak.
they methodically search a conference room.
someone puts the phone to his ear.
as he and others reach a meeting room, someone welcomes them.
he gazes into someone's eyes.
he quickly presses the call button.
he stops inches from the mustached thug and looms over him.
later, it opens revealing a disheveled someone clutching a drink.
someone faces someone's parents.
someone picks up a pigeon.
mountains loom in the distance.
the penguin waddles to his side.
three suvs come up behind them.
he ignites a lighter.
the drones on the expo grounds stand on steps and fire missiles at people as they run away.
he slumps forward and lingers in stillness.
someone draws himself up with an alert stare.
someone pulls someone's head toward his lap.
now someone shuffles to a stairway where family photos decorate the wall.
they gallop along an elevated roadway which resembles a thin ribbon of water suspended in the air.
inside, using chopsticks, people fill their plates with crabs and sushi.
but she has other sisters.
someones hand finds his cheek and caresses it softly.
he stumbles back a few steps, then continues toward someone who holds his ground.
someone takes her picture as she hurries into his arms.
smiling, he heads off.
someone moves closer.
someone gives a tender smile which fades to a serene look.
her laotong stands motionless.
she turns off the tv.
someone jumps off the other side and lands on his raft.
she spots a few distant skyscrapers and a tall crane beyond the rundown neighborhood.
someone's fanning motion slows as her knowing gaze follows him.
the cops leave their car passing a charred corpse.
the older man nods and raises his eyebrows.
on a mat, someone's teammate with close-cropped hair jumps, and boots his opponent in the chest, knocking him flat, and scoring a point.
now in her living room, someone sits on the floor in front of her mother, who arranges her hair into a chaotic mass of thick braids as they drink wine.
he draws a curtain.
small, tidy handwriting fills half the compact page.
someone grabs his throat.
she jumps up then waves her arms over head.
she straightens and looks at the others.
he starts to rotate his arm over the gangster's.
as someone spreads icing over a cake,
someone's hand reaches down and massages one foot.
gives him a hug.
seeing her, someone pauses.
agent someone sets down the transparency and types at his computer.
they glide over the train as it speeds beneath them along the snow-covered track.
she stares with inviting eyes.
someone takes her in as she walks up to him.
the tall young man hurries away.
two members of staff chat and study a piece of paper.
she sits up and fumbles with the tree root.
as he opens the door, someone shoves him into max and his accomplice hits bryant with his pipe.
they douse everything with the tank's substance.
someone creeps toward one, and bends close.
the crewman kicks someone's foot,
on the island, a luxurious beachside resort boasts several swimming pools on its manicured grounds.
someone shrugs and faces his ex-wife through the bars.
she feels her new pearls and smiles.
turning back, he finds himself aiming at someone.
a flashback shows him serving a terrier mutt pancakes, giving him a bath, and swaying as he cradles the dog in his arms.
they chase someone.
the inspectors tip their bowlers, then walk off.
then turns and walks away.
they cross the lab.
someone dashes over.
a few rows down, someone stands with polly and someone his straw hat.
in the gravel pit, ghost rider jerks his head side to side.
later, she walks toward someone's house where guests stand in the driveway or walk into the backyard.
someone lifts the present from its box, staring at it.
someone impulsively puts her lips to his.
someone pops out again, tears off his hood and loosens his collar.
someone finds a roll of cash on the floor and thrusts it as his chest.
as someone lowers his fist, an older boy attacks.
he wears a straw boater hat and sports a trim mustache.
someone rushes outside and hurls the someone away.
words appear - "seven years later."
someone punches someone who retaliates with a right hook.
someone sits in a church pew.
he throws him down again.
the fighting someone falls.
her long, brown hair clings like seaweed at her shoulders as she pops up for air.
someone slowly twirls the weapon in both hands.
someone inserts another cd.
someone gazes after her and follows.
she hands him the address written out by her father.
mackenzie stops, realizing he's alone in appreciating someone's performance.
the tiger hangs his head.
someone finds an assault rifle.
he blocks a strike and holds a tall boy against his body.
her father staggers after her but someone rides on.
he gives her the putting flag.
someone studies her notebook, then sighs.
the mother smiles at the man, then goes to her sleeping son.she kisses someone's forehead and caresses his cheek.
dogs laze about in the grass at their owner's feet.
she carefully tilts the can with both hands.
outside, someone brings someone to the pickup and forces him into the backseat.
someone plays a video game with duke.
which zip through huge ocean swills and strike the unicorn's bow.
his feet brace against the front of the boat.
someone walks away from the open vault.
he takes out tobacco.
musician grins broadly and mimes playing bongos.
now someone walks through the forest of lanky green growth, similar to banyan trees.
and she notices her snapping fingers.
as someone kicks off his running shoes and goes inside.
her mom looks away worriedly then puts on a smile.
arriving patrons wave to him.
he turns away.
that evening, someone arrives home in his silver cadillac escalade.
he hides behind a car, then cautiously peeks over
she paces and rifles through some papers.
we focus on the clasped hands.
someone watches his new neighbor cross the street.
appearing to subdue the combustion of his body.
she lets out a breath.
someone pulls out of the driveway.
she swallows hard.
his hairless patches resemble a face.
now page paints animals on a nursery wall.
someone walks past someone, raising a hand to her head before she sits on the bed.
two children run out from the car.
his son grabs his lunch and hurries off.
he has a black someone on his left cheek.
he hits the disconnect button.
an official drops the flags and the boy leaps at someone.
he drops a rolled up dollar.
another head disarms someone, who scrambles back.
someone leaves his drink.
as it plops into someone's drink,
she points her knife at someone, who reads on the couch.
now, blue flame glows within the prometheus' jets as it nears the mysterious moon.
someone scoops a large fork full of lasagna into his mouth and chews.
it shows a statue of a cow.
her friend doesn't look at her.
they sway together.
later, someone sits in bed reading someone's cookbook.
someone grabs a portable frame.
she breaks into a smile.
he opens the first one, then selects full screen.
his wife adds water to a milk bottle only one-eighth full.
a half dozen empty worktables fill the room.
someone stares, wide-eyed, and someone glares resentfully, as someone reenters the arena.
someone enters in her slim gray pantsuit, her hair pulled back into a bun.
a signature reads, respectfully, roy r. someone, chief warrant officer, us army.
she gives an acquiescent shrug.
someone boots it.
venturing out, someone leans over a railing and scans his tempestuous surroundings.
someone, the silver orb, sits atop the tower under a ring of amber lights.
someone takes a few measured steps towards the wardrobe, his shirt soaked with sweat.
someone checks up sailors.
he slaps her butt.
someone takes a swing, but the man easily blocks it and punches someone into some trashcans.
foam rains down.
the older surfer faces a cresting wave that towers stories above him.
at the guest cottage, someone pays the driver then slips on an icy stoop.
at the pool table a formidable pole dancer piggy-backs someone.
she smiles down at the groggy soldier.
bandages still cover much of her swollen face.
in the bathroom, someone steps out of the shower, tucking a towel around his waist.
someone closes his eyes.
now we float over the santa cruz boardwalk's giant dipper rollercoaster.
at the lounge, someone pops a champagne bottle's cork and smirks.
the bare-chested soldier watches the students halt at the end of the someone.
someone gently touches her neck and leans his lips toward hers.
then embraces her father, burying her face in his chest.
he shines his light on a torn open box, then continues at a weary pace.
someone grabs it and takes a grateful bite.
trudging past stalagmites, he and someone find an underwater cave on the opposite side of the chamber.
she grins at someone.
he wanders closer to her.
spotting someone onstage with his band, someone beams.
someone throws a hand toward the floor in a falling motion.
as someone stalks off, wilkins catches up with him.
the well-built neighbor runs out, clutching a towel around his waist.
frost spreads over the equipment as well as through the branching bolts of electricity, forming a flickering tree of ice in the center of the chamber.
someone reaches for it.
he looks out to the crowd.
he takes her hand and pulls her aside.
nearby, someone examines his own hand.
keeping his index finger extended, someone pours a glass of liquor.
someone gives an intimidated nod then smiles.
meanwhile, someone walks down a hallway.
the penguin appears behind him.
she gazes around the room, then removes her shoes and casually tosses them aside.
passing someone, someone pauses and gives him a kiss.
he guides the bank president.
a man slides a fake sword into his belt.
the two officers stare intently at each other.
someone shuts his eyes and bows his head.
someone sleeps on the pillow beside his.
someone gazes a scant at the departing student.
someone takes the reactor and removes the smoking ingot.
someone approaches a guard.
holding a flashlight between her teeth,
"kids asleep at 2631 castle heights."
someone descends the stairs toward the open door holding someone.
now in stylized animation, we view someone and other satanic incarnations.
he stops and looks out at the waves.
someone enters the auditorium.
someone stares at her worried friend, who clutches her hand.
she leans back, eyes closed.
the tiger remains still, keeping his gaze fixed.
the resurrected man scrambles on his hands and knees in the dirt then glances around.
someone crawls through the narrow opening.
the little alien approaches him with a canister.
distinctive scar on his cheek, joins someone at his side.
someone drags someone into a kitchen and hides behind the counter.
someone stands watching and listening.
later, they stroll toward the party.
he draws a dagger.
the blonde pushes her eyelashes up with a brush
later, she sits up in bed while someone packs.
someone lunges, aiming a gun at him.
onstage, someone slides down beaded strands forming a curtain.
later they walk past a nightclub.
she pierces his skin on one side of the cut.
leaning close, she brushes someones blanket off his shoulders, while letting her own fall to the floor.
they notice every student around them wearing their backpacks strapped to both shoulders.
wearing a mask, someone nods to a team member.
beneath his striped pelt, his rib cage rises and falls, slowly.
the woman wears a top similar to someone's.
he leans over to the stereo.
later someone uses a needle to draw clear venom from the spider.
someone and someone look behind themselves, as someone appears in their rearview mirror.
in charleston, someone sits alone on the beach.
his ex drives off.
someone sits in a cubicle.
the driver ignites a lighter.
they make a u-turn.
wiping her mouth, she settles back into her seat and uses one finger to poke around the vomit.
someone extends his mystical burning skeletal hand toward someone.
glancing up, she catches him watching and he quickly looks away.
the nervous hostages hurry past him.
someone turns his sad wry gaze on someone.
meanwhile, hydra guards lead prisoners into a cell.
someone and someone step away from someone to join someone.
the man places a basket of strawberries on someone's passenger seat.
turning to profile, he holds up the imitation
the beautiful goddess eyes the bolt-toting god as he sits.
they walk away from the irs building, someone ignoring someone.
his head bows, and he doubles over.
someone looks at some goats in front of them then turns back to someone.
lifting her brow someone gives a wide-eyed nod.
someone runs his hand across the cover of the top book.
she dabs ice cream on his forehead.
someone tries to wrench the cake tray from her, but she clutches it like a wild animal.
the first couple hold, but his thumbnail easily comes off.
he moves to the opponent beats him to the punch.
someone sets the coin aside, and takes out a blank sheet of paper.
he stares into the sky with a huge smile then pulls himself to a crouching position on the bench.
someone, who is seated between his daughters, faces us as though we're in someone's position.
a relief of snake-like creatures surrounding a central humanoid figure adorns the wall.
the last three leaves drop of the bodhi tree, leaving it completely bare.
the mutants hold their positions.
from the stage she squirts glitter at an empty arena.
she gives a disappointed nod.
a clerk looks up the name on his computer.
someone grabs his bike at the bottom and sets it upright.
someone shakes his injured fist, then follows the captain.
two painters fasten the doors shut.
beast works the controls and the jet steadies itself.
she collapses over his right side.
now at the loft, someone rubs his fingers in between his toes, smells them, then wipes them on the arm of his leather chair.
someone leaps forward between two horses, grabs onto their necks and hangs between them.
it lifts its flippers.
she idly drums her hands.
baer hits campbell repeatedly in the head, knocking him to a corner.
he holds out his hand.
someone screws his jaw to one side and faces someone.
she looks over at someone, who brushes her hair at a vanity table.
he points toward the panel.
he touches someone's chest.
he rubs someone's untaped right hand.
beside him, someone wears a helmet and carries a shield, while someone wields a gardening hoe.
at the head of an army of bare chested humanoids, one frost giant opens a box which emits and icy blue light.
his brow knits painfully and he stirs awake.
later, as he works, someone enters his office.
the boy gets up.
he rolls onto his back and falls still.
she brings up a digital copy of the photo of gottfried from someone's wall.
someone stares dejectedly as he heads off.
someone looks back at the house.
she meets his lips with hers.
he bows his head and shifts awkwardly from foot to foot.
swaying unsteadily, she turns away.
he stares back with a dazed look.
near an enormous ringed planet, the stocky insect shaped someone turns.
someone steals a muffin.
the car backs up.
the typewriter hammers out the words, in front of him, backlit by the sun.
they find the hole filled with soil.
the light goes out.
someone flashes a self-conscious smirk.
someone watches him add another sketch.
someone trails his fingertips through the water.
surrounded by light, someone looks at right.
someone joins her outside.
someone stands over someone.
as someone leaves her workstation, someone watches her go.
sitting on his lap, someone peers into his microscope.
he swerves around a corner onto a main road and halts the cruiser directly across a limousine's path.
someone gawks, taking in someone's words.
someone spots someone's wolf calendar.
the guards approach the glowing blue box which rests upon a pedestal of scored rock at the end of the corridor.
someone's gaze roves down a line of mugshots showing makley, someone, someone, homer, someone, gil, and youngblood, all stamped with the word deceased.
someone startles them.
as someone heads back inside, someone makes a call.
someone flexes and bends his legs as he rises.
someone breathes heavily as he watches someone storm out of the room.
bends down and digs under his counter to retrieve a pamphlet titled, the four thousand dollar mule.
someone has headphones around her neck.
she folds her arms across her chest and stubbornly plants her feet.
one ball buzzes low over his head and a fourth whips past his nose.
a tray tips over, dropping a decanter.
he lifts his wine glass.
she grabs it.
as he leads her out, someone looks on with a seething glare.
now, a mercedes sits parked outside someone's house.
an ear bud wire trails from someone starts to approach, then pauses.
he drops the sticks then hurries toward someone.
the women salute as they march.
scaly patches and bumps mar the gray skin on its bald head.
little someone joins him.
she holds the gps.
he mimes drinking a cup of espresso and spreads his hands.
the official gives someone a point.
he lights a makeshift torch then grins.
from the distant bluffs, someone appears as a tiny speck as he looks on.
his son picks his handcuffs open.
the kids stare up dolefully.
fake bloody animal carcasses hang from the ceiling.
she gets in an suv and shuts the door.
someone fights off two opponents while someone swordfights nimbly and dodges a blow.
crossing to the roof's edge, she leaps over and grabs onto a pipe just beneath the other side.
the two guards follow close behind.
she bows her head, her soft features pinching in a grief-stricken frown.
he and someone lay side-by-side in bed.
pepper follows.
someone's aunt sits beside her on a bench in the hallway.
from the top of her dress, someone pulls out panties and twirls them on her finger.
someone gets out of his car.
a guard unlocks a barred door, then raises his baton to a second metal door just inside.
someone and mrs. gould stare fretfully.
she sits on the narrow bed then gazes toward a wall.
someone whacks her with the lid.
someone drinks, then raises his glass toward the pilots as they pump both of their fists in the air.
sitting on the rock, the monitor replays someone's struggle with someone.
he searches a workbench, then crosses the room and ransacks a bookshelf.
the image loads up showing someone speaking at the medical convention.
he takes an envelope from his back pocket.
meanwhile, someone, someone, and someone rush out of the building.
the writer shakes hands with someone's beautiful wife and children.
stepping through the rounded vault entrance, someone readies his weapon.
someone whips throwing stars at a zod poster.
as station agents rush to her aide, someone sneaks out of the vent and creeps toward the tray of croissants.
the body of a large, dead fish surfaces and floats atop the water beside dozens of smaller dead fish.
sneering through blood,
holloway and someone arrive in time to watch it collapse at a doorway.
someone gives a respectful nod.
he takes two beers.
her straight blond hair flowing smoothly past her shoulders.
someone heads off as well.
heading off, someone shrugs, then knocks a box off a stool.
he pulls up security footage of someone tossing the penguin down the hallway.
now, as the train passes over the burning bridge, the track splits and the last railcar breaks loose from the train.
people walk through a market place.
he wags his finger shrewdly, then rubs his face.
someone leans over to someone.
the kids dash out to meet him.
later, she rides an escalator down into a subway station.
considering her, he shakes his head, then shrugs.
the boys sweep their eyes up the red coat of a barrel chested guard in a tall bearskin hat.
as the pretty girl grins, someone sneaks a look at her.
rounding a corner, she navigates a labyrinth of alleyways.
with a wistful look, he watches the hostess set the menus on four place settings at the corner table.
someone glances back at the drummer.
he slaps her behind.
he faces two platinum blondes - one large, one small.
she tilts her head staring meaningfully at someone.
her cool smile evaporates as she leans forward.
someone, who eats popcorn, enters with someone.
suddenly, the whale transforms into a jumble of zoo animals.
as a woman pulls the man away, someone steps up, only his eyes and forehead are reflected above the soldier's collar.
her unibrow vanishes.
at the third precinct, shari approaches her desk and finds a female fbi agent working at her computer.
he blows it like a kiss
back in afghanistan, a pallet drops from a plane, and a parachute opens above it.
someone punches someone off her chair.
the aging man breaks off a hunk of chocolate and takes a bite.
he enters the house.
a man in a blazer walks along the bar, smiling as he watches someone eat.
the locket sails up toward the tower.
in a housecoat and curlers, someone turns off the set.
by a photo of the crazy old shotgun guy, a note labels him as manfred salisbury.
someone and someone look up the shaft with their headlamps.
she nods and raises the hot dog.
now someone leads his penguins across a footbridge.
he picks up a plate, but the major grabs it.
now, someone sits on the mat, his rear and hands taking up most of the green dots.
then sits back down on the bench.
a woman approaches carrying a note.
a monitor shows a transmitter fitted in to someone's temple.
he smiles as a few of them jump on top of him.
someone watches as the helicopter makes a graceful wide turn and heads back in the direction of the hotel.
someone sweeps curtains of netting apart revealing men and boys on a paintball field.
now, in her complex's courtyard, greta hangs laundry to dry on a line.
someone glances tearfully at her sister who looks to her fiance.
someone stands on a hill, using the stolen phone.
he accepts and she folds her arm behind her head.
someone joins them.
someone walks with dr.
someone greets him as he enters the darkened house.
elsewhere, someone ducks low then skulks forward.
the girl does a cartwheel.
someone watches pleasurably.
stopping by a hotel's front doors, he pulls up his sleeve and checks his clock.
the big screen shows the names and photos of the four semifinalists.
stands and walks away.
they fall in line.
someone takes a seat beside her on the couch, and rests a hand on her thigh.
someone smacks him back.
with a faint smile, someone uses another brush to paint lipstick onto someone's parted lips.
he sits on the stove.
someone shakes his head at agent someone, a brown-haired man wearing a black suit.
later, tissue hangs from someone's nostril as he watches a family board an elevator.
two guards stand outside.
someone finds a secure position and studies the wall.
someone looks around eagerly.
apparently unseen by the workers all around him, someone grips the hammer's handle.
his father picks at his food.
as someone ducks a punch, the pair gets jostled atop the last railcar.
she places her jacket and several dresses onto hangers.
someone pretends to squeeze his own breast.
someone walks behind it and turns the crank attached to its back.
she watches him with wistful lovelorn gaze.
he gets his hand down the lionesss throat.
someone releases his grip on someone's shoulder.
he enters a dingy backroom where bookies work at stations along a table.
they both smile.
clutching the fan to her chest,
someone eyes his uncomfortable son who stands alone onstage.
the rugged man descends courthouse stairs and encounters several journalists.
baring his newfound fangs, someone grabs his dagger and charges the vampire.
someone steps into the mains sphere and orbital rings appear around it.
scrambling into the next room, someone hits a button.
he cringes, then wipes at his eye.
she leans in coyly and caresses his chest.
now we float over atlanta's gold domed capital building.
he blows into another condom.
they squish beneath his touch like soft hollow rubber.
she blocks someone's exit.
someone looks at gilbert whose hand rest on his gun.
he snaps it in two.
someone lifts a 12-inch six million dollar man figure.
he shoves the crate against the wall, climbs onto it and opens a porthole.
someone peers through a binocular, spying on arriving guests.
someone holds a cigar as he reads.
now, three kids stand at the lion enclosure.
she holds his gaze.
armed with their rifles and sub machine guns, the g-men cross the shadowy woods.
now in a park, someone drops his hip clothes into a trashcan then joins his grandson on a nearby bench.
she grabs two bottles from a liquor cabinet.
she listens for a moment then drops it.
later a desks facing each other, someone watches his gun spin as he reclines with his feet up while someone sits face down at his desk.
with a satisfied smile, someone steps away from the overlook.
outside, someone's range rover backs out.
a couple of small white flakes drift down from above.
as someone stares at him, he glances aside.
kneeling at ground.
using keycards she passes purposefully through a series of doors.
she shows an engagement ring.
someone's hand gently caresses her husband's back.
someone blasts it with his palm weapon.
inside the plane, the name atop a file reads, someone opens it.
someone raises her brow and smiles.
someone stands as someone steps into the room.
she selects a chocolate, then pops it in her mouth.
he turns away sadly.
he shields her with his body and turns to stone.
they enter a cozy suite.
he takes it out.
someone sees the penguins leaving the elevator.
someone trots ahead a few paces and bends to pick up a seashell.
then returns it to the sleeping child and slips away.
the automaton's head and hands are solid,
someone runs over and she pats him.
someone glances at someone then jerks his head to one side.
he drops his phone into a blender.
he smacks into an arch holding up a fake bedroom window.
smiling at her audience, someone raises one fist in the air, choking back tears.
someone huddles in, his body leaning over someone's.
someone presses it against her until she calms.
it gets back up.
as they leave grauman's egyptian
someone meets her worried glance.
someone leans over the cessna, still wearing his tie, his shirtsleeves rolled up.
reaching up underneath her flowing ramp dress, she slips off her white panties.
the bodies of the two soldiers flop out onto the road as the truck follows the rest of the convoy into the fenced compound.
she turns from the window.
fighting back tears.
hearing the sounds, someone hurries back down the steps and presses his ear to a door.
he shifts his gaze to an ominous mansion, which looms on a column of rock in the middle of the gorge.
they turn up a driveway through lush gardens.
he sits up, holds the fish down with one hand and uses the other to club the fish with the blunt end of the hatchet.
from underwater, we peer up at it through dappled rays of sunlight.
someone sits waiting at a low window sill.
someone eyes her son then walks away.
the captain smirks tolerantly.
now, audience members shake his hand as someone makes his way up an aisle.
he positions himself directly over her, sweeps his bathrobe back like a cape and takes out a condom.
she aims the phone's light around the trunk and spots something.
someone pockets a dinner roll and heads out.
shot from the waist up during one of her pregnancies, she stands nude with one arm across her chest.
tintin retrieves national artifact, stolen scepter returned to king.
in a government building the broad shouldered man waits in line.
viewed from high overhead, the half covered lifeboat resembles a tiny, two-toned capsule adrift in a sea of black.
someone's fallen asleep on a couch.
his white tennis shoes dangle helplessly toward the deep.
someone lays his lips on someone.
with a hand gripping each rock face, someone steps on to his father's thigh,
someone rolls up her sleeve and swabs at a patch of her skin with a cotton ball.
someone sits a few rows up.
someone challenges his friends who can't meet his eye.
someone hides around the corner and watches.
someone, his nostrils flared, frowns as he studies his father.
people dressed as lobsters march with tall spears.
tool.
later, he and someone bow, each signing a fist-to-palm gesture.
bobbing down a narrow street with a ridged surface, the vehicle halts beside a multi-story home at the top of a hill.
a black box covers her.
boxes spilling out foil-wrapped magnum condoms soar amid the rising smoke.
she sets down her belongings and sits heavily on a love seat.
he uncuffs someone's right arm from the chair.
now they enter a crude village where a calf drinks from ruts of sitting water.
someone trots alongside a brick wall as he carries a backpack over one shoulder.
she notices an abandoned pickup.
he gives the driver a friendly wave.
the doctor exhales.
someone looks from the supervisor to someone.
someone sits uncomfortably next to someone, who holds a guitar on his bare lap.
driving a red mini cooper, she pulls to a stop, takes out the cassette tape, and inserts it into a dashboard player.
someone looks over his shoulder.
the performers slump down.
standing, someone slings another weight past someone, shattering a glass door.
someone furrows his brow as he stares straight ahead.
as he turns, someone narrows his eyes.
as someone starts to go, someone stops him.
the coach starts to give the pass back, then pauses.
sunlight shines on someone who stands atop the canvas covering the lifeboat.
someone sucks on a hookah.
she leads the group off a gravel driveway and around the side of the mansion.
the hit man gently lays the body down.
without breaking his stride, he lifts a napkin on the counter and takes a gun hidden beneath it.
glancing over, someone thrusts his middle finger toward someone.
the track star stands in a costume.
we ride the
someone watches hades with an odd expression.
he steps toward him.
he stands and stumbles into the water.
beyond the outstretched fingers of his trembling hand,
someone looks down from high above.
now at a stone wall, someone, someone, and other men look down at an idling steam locomotive.
motioning someone aside, someone shows him a sports page headline.
with an awkward look she walks off.
a crewman with a bottle emerges from under the lifeboat's tarp.
he sets it in front of someone as she checks her phone.
someone wakes up, spots him at the foot of the bed and sits up.
at a nightclub, a drummer beats a rhythm.
grabbing a skateboard, someone smirks at someone.
the man runs outside and climbs into a basket dangling at the end of a crane.
he takes two handfuls of pill bottles.
scrambling to his feet, someone faces a soldier.
someone grabs his wrist.
as the sharks attack, he flails and grabs futily at the glass.
a dog trots across a street and takes cover under a parked bus.
the soldiers hop out of the landed chopper, one by one.
he grabs snowy by the tail, yanking him from the falcon.
someone extends a cordial arm.
someone tosses him the drive.
they part the fans, revealing her naked form.
on the fireplace mantle, she finds family photographs, including ones of someone and his kids.
someone is on all fours, making noises at the cat.
frowning, someone shifts her gaze to the eagles.
someone thinks.
the spymaster whips him savagely.
then someone wakes up in bed.
he shoves someone into a shoe display.
she bats it away and flees.
she wears a blue nightgown with a hair scarf tied around the curlers in her hair.
standing at a chair with her back turned, someone lets her hair down.
someone drops her gaze, fiddling with her silky honey-brown hair.
clad in a blue sleeved wetsuit, he maneuvers around other paddling surfers, then cross-steps up the board.
a blonde woman joins them.
the tide washes over the tiger's claws.
the lovely woman recovers her smile.
as the other men reassemble, someone walks up to the flagpole.
someone faces the rich man with a bemused frown.
someone remains still with his brow tense,
she yanks back the writhing sheets on the bed.
he stops and gets out.
dolce hops up and climbs over her back.
a monitor shows her approaching.
he reaches the mouth of a cavern.
someone swallows, and shifts his wounded gaze.
someone arrogantly taps a clerk's computer with his cane.
he puts on a top hat and places a cigarette in his mouth, then ducks off stage.
scratching his belly through his t-shirt, he steps around a wall of exposed lathe.
the suv climbs the gravel driveway.
dangling for jinx's mouth.
the boss faces them through his office window and stands.
someone shoves someone.
she snaps a photo of herself in a wig with long blonde hair.
he overhands the ball into the lawn and it bounces into someone's face.
fire billows down the excavator's boom and bursts around its giant wheel.
with a dreamy wistful gaze he writes, this thing is dripping everywhere.
grinning, someone massages his neck then wraps her arms around him once again.
later outside, someone runs up to a tall concrete fence, hooks his hockey stick over the top, and vaults over it.
he looks down and shakes his head slightly.
now, on a billboard featuring someone and someone, a flickering footer reads reward: ten years.
with a swipe of his hand, he sends someone flying off the stage.
someone someone swats it away.
he smirks.
stepping into the car behind it, someone slides its door shut.
someone runs and leaps, grabbing on to the far railing just before the beam falls.
she slowly sits and rests a hand next to her keyboard.
his bearded driver glances up.
someone nods, then uses a control pad.
without meeting his gaze, the teen takes a cola from the refrigerator, sits at the table, and slurps sullenly.
she gazes up at her wincing lover.
someone glances heavily at someone, then stands.
he quickens his pace, struggling to catch up to his wife's lover.
grabbing his shield, someone leaps off the moving motorcycle and tackles a trooper.
inside, someone finds half a dozen hostages.
someone's mother leaves her at the kitchen table.
pulling bustiers from the shopping bags, she sits to work with a needle and thread.
she strides across the room and opens several cases of weapons.
he rolls onto his back.
someone shares a look with someone and draws them all into a hug.
the dancers rise and strut around the singer.
she accepts it bravely, turns it over in her graceful hands, and musters a smile.
the zombie plummets, splattering blood on the cement.
wearing a plush lobster on his head, someone leads fellow servers to a table.
he swings, but the skilled fighter catches his arm.
farmer someone watches with a puzzled frown.
a neon palm tree glows on a sign that reads oasis motel.
inside the restaurant, someone smiles as he watches tv with the other customers.
someone the stops the car across from a pleasant mid-century home with a copper turtle on the gate post.
someone prints out some photos and leaves with them.
someone runs through the stands shooting more acolytes.
at the hospital, someone sits on a exam table.
sporting his trademark presidential beard.
he holds a bloody tissue out at someone.
she jerks her thumb toward us.
someone spots the condoms.
inside an auditorium, a blonde woman grins at the audience as she strolls on stage.
the teen grips the edge and steadies himself.
she eyes its twisted trunk with branches jutting out from the top, like hair on its head.
she writes on a business card.
a pair of bongos cover her breasts and a candle conceals her crotch.
she steps inside and pulls the door shut.
spiraling, the bottle drops through someone's sunroof.
a woman clutches a child to herself as they freeze solid.
someone looks toward the stage.
she moves down the serving line.
with a smile, someone walks to a monitor to watch the show.
the cut grass blows at someone as he chases her.
the creature stares at someone.
and blood vessels burst in his eye.
someone glances over at his sullen face, then smiles.
the two teens walk right past each other offering no sign of acknowledgment.
the hefty guy gives a faltering smile.
someone brings a sandwich to someone.
he stirs under the covers and rolls onto his stomach.
riding ahead, someone passes ms. tubman and looms over someone on her horse.
outside, four officers talk to each other on a porch, their guns perched casually against their shoulders.
later she faces her webcam as her classmates, teachers, and family watch her webcast.
with a frustrated look she hangs up.
the reunited family enters the auditorium as the orchestra tunes up.
he feeds someone some of his food.
he faints.
he lowers his goggles.
someone does a dance.
she climbs up as the beefy thug arrives in the alley.
words on the screen read, get ready.
they move off together revealing a left behind someone.
the car peels out dropping the biker and knocking over the motorcycles.
someone closes the closet door, shutting herself in.
then shuts the fan and touches it to her chin.
across a dirt clearing lies a shed with lights on inside.
as someone activates a conveyor belt, carrying the head back to the containment chamber,
someone arrives at someone's side and crouches.
pulling to show hollandia barely in the lead.
master and lady someone passed away.
he lifts his leg.
she grips his shoulders and looks into his eyes.
someone flips down and someone's armor melts away.
she admires the spread silky crimson dress.
it's a giant crab, snapping two huge claws.
someone softens his gaze.
i should inform the police.
sitting, he flips through the envelopes.
he finds a cellphone on a desk, and reaches for it.
and the boy climbs the platform steps.
she watches him cross back to the bedroom.
someone writes an essay on ruled notebook paper.
looking past someone, someone finds someone arriving in the doorway dressed in mourning.
pulling someone close, he hugs him.
two puppets mount a bridge formed by bird puppets.
she pulls out a phallic object wrapped in tissue.
she frowns to herself.
someone looks at the grim sight and softly smiles.
a zombie bursts out.
as everyone searches their pockets, someone's face lights up.
he takes out a four-foot stick.
nearby someone passes the scroll to someone.
he peeks around a corner then approaches someone who hangs up her desk phone.
the agent holds up the drawing and finds that it matches perfectly.
now, yellow-and-red confetti fills the air and round red lanterns hang above the street.
someone shows a magazine cover featuring a portly bald man.
harvard's boat edges toward hollandia's.
now in a marble hearing room, a square-jawed man faces a committee.
someone spots someone's van outside.
he sets two glasses on the parapet.
someone narrows her eye.
someone arrives, turns in a form and takes a gray t-shirt.
someone walks along the side of the courtyard, scanning the crowd.
video footage of humping monkeys plays behind someone and someone.
snowy wags his tail.
later, she examines someone's tiny, stunted foot inside her lotus shoe.
past someone pinching her own nose and someone yanking his own tie.
someone sits up on the edge of his bed, flips on a lamp, and reads the summons.
still in her pretty silver dress someone walks into the hospital.
he shrugs his brow grimly and goes upstairs to an office.
bathroom stall, yawning as she checks her cell phone.
at the zoo, a frog leaps off a ledge.
someone pulls someone to his feet.
a burst of roiling flames fills the room
sneering at his victim, he holds two fingers over the monk's tattooed face.
he presents it to the automaton.
quaint odds and ends litter the surface.
as the jeep comes up fast on the vw's unguarded side, someone grips the roll bar and leans out.
circular v emblems someone vanger holdings all over the country.
at the bottom of a staircase, she reaches a walkway where frantic peers gather and talk on cellphones.
professor someone glares.
as someone blows him off someone gulps his wine.
he releases her hand and they both sit quietly, staring into the darkness.
it lies in the street.
someone turns his head and sees someone someone springing toward the lifeboat.
keeping them shut, she plays the piano.
a massive whale shark slowly passes.
he lifts his rear, revealing two green dots under his widespread crotch.
someone blinks then smiling wide turns and faces her.
someone's clothes flutter as he contains the explosion between his hands, then absorbs it.
he heats a spoon on a turbine vent, then glances at the egg as he eats from a pot.
as someone grins, someone gives him a flirtatious glance.
the vulture picks the finger up.
on the top floor, they pass military strategists who position model planes, ships, and tanks on a table map as big as eight king size beds.
through the window, we watch the killer pull someone out.
she tucks her hair behind her ear.
staring fearfully, the children nod.
someone's newly trained horse prances past
she shuts her song journal.
now the pickup bagged lunches with the names someone and doug written in quotes.
they stealthily tuck the weapons in their pants.
the kids enter a well-appointed dining area where someone's mom holds a drink.
setting his weapon down, the aging bald cop removes his protective glasses.
standing hastily, she leaves.
she remembers him as obese.
behind him, someone checks a roughneck.
she faces forward and chuckles.
she considers him briefly, then bites her toast again.
under the bearded gangster's haughty gaze, the thug lowers his gun.
her old friend gives a small nod.
someone rolls his eyes and faces someone whose smile vanishes.
the young man's gaze darkens.
a little dog accompanies an old man.
now, a helicopter sweeps over a desert.
scrambling over a low wall, someone smashes through a wood plank roof and lands on a table.
the new alien specimen pushes itself up on all fours.
down at the churning pool, gets a hold on the wall, and leans out far under a light waterfall.
the man shakes the notebook in the boy's face then frowns and slaps it onto the counter.
banquette, then wrestles someone off of him.
the red-haired teen stands alone.
the stubble faced man looks out on the city,
later, in the dark, the well-to-do guest lies in a humble bed, her eyes open.
the guard leaves the mug on a crossbar.
someone enters a bathroom.
luxury cars stop at the palace gate.
squinting in the sun, his shortest friend wears a knit cap.
eyes shut he reaches out and grabs on to the tree's trunk.
as someone stomps downstairs, he meets two women coming up.
inside, someone johnson looks up and sees him.
at home, someone packs someone's trunks into a brown paper bag as he straightens a tie tucked under his vest.
the team storms the building.
a bodhi leaf falls.
now a photo features a pretty blonde girl.
elsewhere, the iraqi in street clothes keeps running.
next, she returns to the cabinet and balances the spoon in the circuit breaker.
someone's arrival distracts someone.
he stares at her then averts his gaze.
someone hurdles a low wall and runs to him motorcycle.
he yanks someone into a crate of whiskey bottles.
from inside a shack, a mocha-skinned woman with a head-kerchief wields a rifle as she peers out through a gap in the wood slat wall.
it shows no sign of the mysterious woman.
someone flips her long hair and sidles closer to her laotong, her eyes closed in sensual pout.
she watches from her treadmill in a kitchen.
he hugs her.
she wipes a tear and heads off.
in paris, someone visits an outdoor market.
now, the parkers arrive at a building marked with a red, five-pointed star.
someone gives someone a puzzled look, but
behind them, the clockwork's gears turn smoothly.
he gets up and moves a large backpack.
two more cousins drop off folded slips of paper into the wooden bowl.
her smile broadens.
she sits on her kitchen wearing the silky crimson dress.
in the city, an american flag and a hawaiian state flag hang posted on either side of a building's entrance.
someone loosens his collar.
someone watches a train whiz by.
an alien guards the grate near the refrigerated section.
later, at someone's family farm, someone sees the lights on in the hangar.
tap a link cord.
he waves bashfully.
he calls mackenzie on his mobile.
someone's eyes widened, someone's jaw drops.
she struts to the wall of mirrored panels behind the bar and strikes a pose.
someone smiles as she sings, then grabs another couple of beers and chasers from the bar.
he opens a cd case, takes out a disc, and puts it in a stereo.
he holds her close as they dance.
as the photographer walks away, someone stares at the operating table.
someone runs forward, but finds her path blocked by the crowded dance floor.
sitting in the dirt, someone rips the lid off a can.
someone and someone carry a few
someone takes her hand and spins her away, then twirls underneath their joined hands, and pulls her into a tight embrace.
he strides over to him.
at night, the roadster turns, pulls through an open gate, and passes a marble statue.
someone throws a chair through a window.
someone strides away.
flailing its tentacles it tries to free itself from the forceps' grip.
the men move their heads from left to right as someone speeds past the tower.
the park lights up, section by section.
onstage, cool-blue light bathes dancers in skimpy sailor-themed outfits as they strike provocative poses.
the humanoid sets out a bowl with a heavily etched lid.
now, he straightens on the other side of the door and looks around.
the players burst into the stall and find it empty.
as the mission's door opens and a man emerges, she sucks in an anxious breath.
someone jumps into the driver's seat and speeds off.
a group of people holding flashlights approaches in a distance.
later, they run.
cocking an eyebrow, someone faces someone, who cocks his head and gives a few perfunctory nods.
someone gives a slow thoughtful nod.
using his shield as cover, someone runs up and punches someone in the stomach causing him to drop his blaster.
someone fake punches someone's abs.
he cocks an eyebrow.
scowling, he marches off.
with a final glance at the egg, he trudges off.
he gives her a confident nod.
someone passes a room with an open door.
he slides into a suitcase, which strikes him in the crotch.
at a table, someone thoughtfully rubs his chin as he watches her.
she clutches her door's broken-off inner panel.
squinting in the bright daylight streaming in through the windows,
situated about a block away, the car approaches and comes to a stop.
she points at a different table.
someone lifts his gaze, his hazel eyes gleaming.
hiking down with his loved ones, someone holds someone's hand.
in the general store, someone uses a hand mirror as he applies sap to a swollen bruise on his cheek.
the couple approaches the table and a nearby service cart.
the others watch nervously.
later, someone follows her out of tiffany's, loaded down with shopping bags.
she grooves.
a sign reads, primo carnera versus max baer, world's heavyweight championship.
they see only water swirling down the flushed toilet.
someone covers her face.
sneering, he sits at the controls.
in an office, preston uses a phone.
motorized rafts race past them at full bore.
now he catches up to her in an arcade and she greets him with a kiss.
as someone gazes over the rolling desert, a ship's mast
in a daycare center, someone sits with his son in a group of men and boys.
someone looks up as someone someone hops over him from the lifeboat.
the men stare at each other.
one by one the boys jump off the bus then run across the road together.
as enemy fire, takes his captive out, someone dives behind the fallen body and shoots.
the clear domed lid opens in three sections.
in the front yard, his wife sits on the grass with another woman and her little girl.
someone ducks behind the kitchen island then darts around a corner as she takes out her popcorn.
someone stops running.
with a forced smile, she reaches into the bowl and picks her own number.
eyeing the platform, he finds someone gazing down on him with a stony expression.
she wraps a towel around his gun wielding wrist and pulls down as if operating a lever, using her own shoulder as a fulcrum to break his arm.
with a frustrated roll of his eyes, he executes the clergyman.
someone leads someone off.
her gun ready, she proceeds to a bathroom,
hodge stands in formation with the other men as grey-haired col.
with an embarrassed look, he turns away.
the piglet performs a flip, somersaults through midair, then lands easily back on the branch.
in the stands, someone cranes her neck for a view of her son, as the spectators cheer him on.
she glances up at them with a reassuring look, and continues to the bottom.
as she enters the apartment, she grabs a tan overcoat from the hall and puts it on.
at a spa, someone sits up in a steamy massage room.
he peers out the window.
as what's left of the train races onward, the burning bridge collapses in its wake.
on a wall, a mechanical information board updates.
she looks to someone again.
he faces someone who scans his key card on a panel.
in a getaway car, someone checks the time on a pocket watch, then drives.
getting out with him, someone reads a sign at the entrance printed in korean and english.
he pries it loose.
he meets someone's gaze and tossed down his pair of queens.
in a back room, the tacky man addresses thugs counting cash.
inside a framed photo of a shirtless someone stands beside a baroque vanity mirror painted yellow.
a cassette labeled soul funk no.
now, safety deposit box 392 appears.
meanwhile, the creature rips seats out of the bus as it makes its way toward someone.
taking out small boxes, he chucks one in and opens the other.
flying sparks illuminate the cockatoo perched near a computer screen nearby.
the robot takes a step back.
on board, someone writes a letter.
someone re-trains his camera on the stage.
someone's feet dangle a few inches from the ground.
removes her bra, and pulls up a stretchy top attached to the leggings.
opening his eyes, he flourishes the wand and sparkling light trails from its tip.
the bikers black limo follows and the cops white limo brings up the rear.
the name slade is handwritten beneath the words mercury injuns
waiting near the front door with a huge smile, someone holds her white fur coat.
he turns to face the young attorney.
someone slides down his suspenders.
in a studio, someone throws things.
in the other lab, someone gently twists the top off the urn and sets it aside.
someone sitting on a bench in a crowded bus shelter.
someone appears in the doorway, recoils and rubs his eyes.
straightening, the aspiring chef lifts her pan.
another puts a bullet through someone's shoulder.
someone hugs her mother.
peering out a broken pane next to it, someone spots someone sitting on the railing of a high stone bridge, his feet dangling over the side.
he add someone as a friend.
haphazardly nailed slats of wood crisscross the openings between support beams.
someone heads off, then stops to look back at the jubilant group.
someone arrives in his open doorway.
she pouts and lifts her brow.
as someone turns, long spikes of ice shoot up from the ground and impale him.
sitting in the suv's front passenger seat, someone mopes.
someone enters timidly, and follows her mother into the living room.
later, the two detectives strut down a sidewalk.
hummingbirds flutter around her and she waves them away.
someone's mother watches the young indian man slide the ring on to her daughter's slender finger.
as the door opens wider.
someone gapes fearfully as she takes a step closer and convulses.
someone gapes as someone strides away.
a cable snatches the helmet.
at home, someone searches a digital jukebox and finds the book of love in a playlist labeled someone's most played.
he removes his earphones, and leans over the reception desk.
they find everything back to normal.
an old bicycle rests beside a bunch of garden tools.
someone raises his eyebrow.
he shows his hand.
someone snatches the jar with her necklace and strides out.
someone stands upright.
he smirks cryptically.
as it spots them, the primate hides itself behind the block.
he kisses her cheek, which unsettles her.
later, someone sits in a hallway perusing the questionnaires.
someone shines a light on his naked body and runs her finger along his leg.
he shoves someone back into his group of friends.
two leaves fall from the tree.
the car weaves as the narrator fends him off.
someone turns, gazing toward the cinema lobby.
someone raises his eyebrows
someone nudges him out of the way.
he returns his attention to the sketchbook.
someone gathers herself and tries to walk out again.
he tries to bite someone's exposed neck, but the vampire hunter blocks the bite with his ax and pushes them off the horse.
straddling the new criss-crossing grid of oar beams, someone struggles to wrestle the fish into submission.
a passenger jet's wreckage litters the road ahead.
everyone sits back down.
someone shuts his eyes.
barefoot on the bar top, someone downs another drink and bobs her head awkwardly.
six headless bodies found near springfield.
someone sits with his back to him.
the manager stays put, staring somberly after the promoter.
someone sticks his head in beside him.
elsewhere, using a flamethrower a soldier sets a field on fire.
she tilts her head and smiles.
ken watches as someone brushes his hair.
now, congested traffic trickles along one side of a massively wide avenue.
someone eyes his phone, then answers an incoming call.
she throws down her napkin and storms off.
someone carefully treads across the rooftop.
someone walks toward the apartment.
he jogs away from someone.
as someone feeds the sick woman, an old man peeks in through a door.
it's lifted from her face
as someone leans alluringly on an archway before an enchanted someone, someone frowns.
someone slows, blinking.
someone slumps weakly as the wind blows away the last bits of dust.
his board gently bobs on the waves.
as he watches his son reach the courthouse stairs.
she offers a glass.
someone swivels her stool to face the same direction.
the radioman speaks up.
someone flips a switch and a cable lifts someone a few feet off the floor.
he touches her arm, but she pulls it back with an alarmed look.
someone enters with a hockey stick half wrapped in paper.
the other inspector grabs the thief's coat, but runs into a lamp post.
happy takes a subpoena from the woman.
armed guards patrol the courtyard of a tropical mansion.
he hobbles down the sidewalk.
he hangs up the phone.
someone watches them closely from behind a tree.
someone gives him a shocked smile.
the unleashed dog runs off.
someone leaves a horse and runs across the front yard to greet someone.
they clinch and punches someone in the face.
grinning, someone stands and faces his staffer.
she peers down toward the lower floor, then shifts her puzzled gaze and gets up.
now, the waves break one right after another.
on a starry night beneath a full moon, countless sea creatures swimming around the boat and raft give off a cerulean-hued phosphorescent glow.
he heads out.
he touches it.
bumps and turns knock them off.
he turns to someone and someone.
someone finds someone's profile.
she lowers the tailgate of her parents' truck, her lips set in a bitter frown.
rule number 18 appears on the bumper, limber up.
she clutches someone's limp hand between both of hers,
she pulls off her shirt.
her vision is blurred.
a wave the size of a large house curls into a barrel, filling our view with its snow-white foam.
the corner of his mouth lifts into an.
then playfully drops the spoons into the dishwasher.
as he takes out a cellphone, someone continues down the sidewalk.
a crewman stops halfway down the lowering ramp in a space suit and helmet.
someone taps a microphone.
now a doctor holds up a slate.
a young girl exits the car.
someone aims at his fellow american then at the fleeing general.
someone hurries up the clock tower staircase.
he sees her just before his eyes fall shut.
they disappear, then land safely on a ship.
someone's glistening eyes dart.
someone turns questioningly to his wife.
the thugs slip on the cans and fall in a pile.
turning on the spot, someone faces the staff and shrugs playfully.
later, someone starts a timer on his watch and skateboards beside a bus.
someone punches hodge's face, toppling him.
now, someone lowers her head back over the lip of the sink and sprays down her hair.
someone's chewing slows and he averts his
someone nods, then sits up.
someone gazes down at the bear.
he closes them again and sprays.
he twitches, holding a near empty glass of white wine.
she joins someone on the sofa.
he steps into the kitchen with his gun raised.
a penguin appears at his feet.
two guards, armed with nets, spire from the entrance.
he puts a framed certificate on his dresser.
someone watches her.
a man reaches into the broken window as someone goes to the stairs.
now as the aral sea leaves a wide wake, a word appears:
her father grins.
they hover around him in the helicopter's spotlights as he spreads his arms and faces his cousin.
we drift over the luxurious vessel.
guards grab someone.
someone jerks her head.
she heads for the vault.
someone brings someone a bloody someone garnished with a celery stalk and bendy straw.
someone glares, then paddles her feet on the bed.
someone follows someone as he moves through the empty compartment.
slightly bemused, someone looks around the plush office and smiles to himself.
she sees someone and hurries towards him.
inside the med pod blood drips from the alien's long egg-shaped head as it hangs motionless.
an elevator door opens and someone steps aboard among a few other men, including a uniformed officer.
hades sweeps an enormous demonic hand through her form, obliterating it in a ball of flames.
he holds out his microphone.
a crewman pulled the tarp of the sea plane and swiveled the track over the side of the boat.
as she arranges a setting on a tray, a cow enters the house.
the dragon breathes smoke and fire.
a security gate at the parking booth lifts and someone drives a limo out of the garage.
someone aims the gun at someone.
up ahead, the violent ocean surface pulls the raft farther from the boat.
someone reaches out toward someone who stares at the inspector.
someone gives her a weak stomp.
grabbing his phone, he heads over and gazes down at the slumbering beauty.
at a turnoff, they pass a sign reading, cupid's cabin.
and spots a sleeping boy across the room.
as someone turns away, someone directs the elephant up the stairs with a friendly pat on its rear.
he takes off his sunglasses, then adjusts the dining room chair.
large structures with sweeping terraces top many of the cliffs.
someone finds no sign of the woman downstairs.
someone sits in a cage with his hands tied behinds his back.
it pulls up in front of an abandoned mansion surrounded by rubble and someone climbs out of the passenger seat.
green forest, someone and his men ride their horses along a path.
as someone leaves, someone faces someone.
someone turns on a tv.
then returns his attention to the performance.
a hand adjusts the slats on the blinds and bright sunlight pours into the room.
at the bar, baer stands and shakes someone's hand.
now someone perches in a crumbling pane-less window high above the ground.
she works her boot out of view and someone writhes painfully.
her high heels off, she dumps ice into a blender.
he walks back to her and hands her some sheet music.
bubbles stream out of his mouth, as he tips his head back.
abandoning the metal hatch, he races up a narrow path.
someone sprinkles salt onto the side of someone's hand.
someone nonchalantly takes a sip of someone's energy drink.
someone makes another turn and gathers speed.
someone lifts her gaze to his.
a boxing glove smacks him.
he and the crew step inside and look at the shelves of office supplies.
he holds out a case.
his gaze growing determined,
standing, she sticks her gum to the underside of her desk.
someone veers into the oncoming lane and swerves around the approaching cars.
the car speeds into view.
someone swigs beer, then passes out.
the two guys gaze into each other's eyes.
the robot's arms lower, and its chest cavity opens before him.
he keep kimself onto the ledge.
the teacher holds a beaker full of yellow fluid.
he peers at the model ship through opera glasses.
she walks away obliviously.
one marauder lands on a cannon, cuts down two sailors, then stabs a third.
on his skateboard, someone holds on to the container bouquet and catches a ride.
as a younger man, he stands on a stage in a packed theatre.
its headlights cutting through the dark.
with a tender look, lord someone strides down the narrow red carpet, his eyes on his son.
the girl turns back to the tank and finds all of the fish gone.
she buries her face in his lap.
finds a rolls of tape in someone's mouth.
nearby, a woman recognizes someone.
someone makes a face.
he seizes someone by the head and brings his face close, his jaw opening wide.
doyle opens the cabinet as she works her shoulders through the fan.
he watches a spider crossing in front of him.
she gazes after him.
an ibs van pulls up and she runs to it.
his deep set eyes glistening.
she smiles and shakes her head.
it glides overhead, both engines on fire, and slams down on its side, as people in white robes run for cover.
someone turns to his aide.
someone looks out the window.
as he reaches his other hand out, someone takes a deep breath.
someone pulls him aside.
sparks fly from a wheel of the train.
she steals herself with a deep breath.
he falls back and she frees her other hand.
she checks her makeup.
among the files, she finds a document typed in russian.
she flashes a big smile as she passes.
the flesh between the humanoid's shoulder blades tears wide open.
someone walks off, dr.
the older man shifts his grim, compassionate gaze.
at dawn, the snow falls heavily on the camp.
someone lifts her steady eyes to her modern day counterpart
wearing an oxygen mask, someone glances up.
someone offers a sympathetic gaze, then straightens and stands over him.
someone's husband someone walks into the circle of performers.
she flings it away.
two relatives lift someone onto their shoulders, and she gives the crowd high fives.
he ambles across the foyer.
someone meets her gaze and nods.
a boy with a bucket over his head spins in circles.
the doctor stamps the file 4f.
someone sheepishly opens his door and takes his seat at the wheel.
they shove her in and then one wraps a blanket around her shoulders.
a cigar-smoking man approaches someone.
from his thrown, someone watches the conflict.
someone tosses scraps of newspaper.
lifting her face from the towel, someone sees someone and someone.
it approaches the next structure.
someone and someone arrive at a roped off exhibit as a wistful young woman snaps a photo of it.
still about 50 yards away, someone continues her march towards the wreck through a gentle snowfall.
he lies beside her and stares into her eyes.
someone reaches for the fleck.
wearing a bathing suit and cape, someone twirls for someone.
someones total passes $70.00.
someone opens the door and peeks out then grins.
pointing his finger, he swirls it in a circle.
he gazes downward.
later, as someone walks through the bullpen the lights cut out.
he shoots at someone but misses.
after lunch into the deposition room, where someone sits alone.
she walks over hesitantly.
someone watches pepper as she walks out of the office.
she watches him go with a grateful smile.
he slams the horses into the ground and they tumble across the dirt obstructing someone's path.
someone, wearing the war machine suit, the someone ii heavily modified with weapons, rises from the floor of the circular main stage.
shaking her head, her mother lowers her tearful eyes.
the kids who remain frozen in time.
a techie ushers a short boyish guy to someone.
inside, someone gathers his blueprints.
someone sits on the arm of someone's chair.
meeting his gaze, she cocks her head, stands, then reaches behind her back and under her sleeve.
jostling inside a railcar, someone braces himself and someone rises to his knees.
clad in dark clothes, the stranger glares coldly at him.
his brow furrowed, someone look down as a tear falls.
a recipe at her side reads - boeuf bourguignon.
someone sits in a crowded movie theater.
someone shifts his defeated gaze.
he hops over the counter and hugs him.
someone walks through different rooms in the huge apartment.
her arms sink to her sides as she stares ahead.
ahead of her, she trots upstairs with her skirts hiked up.
someone clasps someone's head in her hands, then wraps her arms around his neck and pulls him into a tight embrace.
she peers into an office.
someone grabs a t-shirt off the floor and pulls it on.
someone leads the charge as cops converge on the cell block from all over the station.
someone uses a wooden cross to edge it away.
with open arms, the two cross the floor and embrace.
someone smiles, then motions for someone to pick up a glass.
he walks up to a large object draped with a sheet and uncovers it.
our view whirls, glimpsing numerous passageways.
she strides across long grass.
her gaze sweeps to the metal framework along the walls and she leaps onto a crossbar.
they drive away.
someone gazes at someone's delighted face.
a bloody nosed someone scoots back from him,
he sweeps a folded
his gaze shifts and he blinks sadly.
the family runs outside.
glancing down at it, someone struggles his way to the canvas covered bow and rolls over on top of the beam.
she gives someone a polite smile, which instantly fades as she moves on.
at his home, someone fills several baby bottles and places them into a refrigerator.
he flips a switch.
dust billows into the air from their flying bullets.
the bespectacled man faces his older son.
they won't fit.
there's a parked car sitting blocking the road.
at a cubby hole, he takes out an ancient bottle of ruddy wine.
the well-dressed man shuffles to the bed and sinks down on its edge.
someone straightens, pushing himself higher.
a woman races to the desk.
someone inspects himself.
she towers over their french kitchen.
at the crash site, air force personnel wearing thick rubber gloves dust off white cubes and pack them into crates.
he jogs up a corridor then kicks open a coal door and slides down a spiraling chute.
now in a corridor, someone paces by a vending machine, clenching and unclenching his fists.
now on a ridge overlooking the town.
someone cuts herself a big helping of pancakes.
a guy in a devil costume tears through a banner, his face and bare chest painted blue.
he races through an open door to find someone on the kitchen floor.
he shrinks to only a few inches.
someone follows, paddling up the wall of water and over the lip just seconds before it breaks.
she leans in and their foreheads touch.
they struggle to tear open the thick plastic packaging.
she rises to her feet, standing beside one of the erupting plumes.
stepping around the hole, someone grabs a shovel and pats the restaurant owner on the back.
she turns her head, then steps off the low wooden front porch and heads for her car.
the girl wrenches free again.
he heads upstairs and strides down the hall.
someone shows the man's wallet to someone.
someone takes someone's hand, then leads her to the lawnmower.
someone watches her go, then walks off.
she halts at the sight of an unfinished cigar on a side table.
the real estate agent turns and trots up the beach toward a row of hedges.
he approaches a hostess at the airport restaurant.
he sits thoughtfully.
she readies the cloth on the other side of his chest.
someone takes his hand out of his pocket and rubs his thumb and forefinger together.
someone runs back to him.
where are you?
from behind, she kicks him to the floor as someone throws her a chair.
someone scrambles over to the chair and sits with his back to it.
they turn their heads and walk away.
someone takes notes.
in a crowded city square, a brown haired painter wearing a tie and tweed suit coat paints a portrait of a person sitting on a stool.
someone sets up a mannequin.
now, someone runs laps on the great wall.
two others join him.
notes the five settings on the table.
they get out of the car.
someone reads the attached note and smiles.
which is his bedroom artwork.
taking a breath, someone tucks his wings out of sight.
slinging the rifle over his shoulder with its strap, he cups his hands to his mouth.
finding the front door standing ajar, he calls inside.
someone leaves the table and he gestures helplessly.
someone pulls away with a smile.
someone shakes his head and backs away, summoning a quavering breath.
words on the scoreboard flash "mick the stick" in sync with the crowd's chanting.
someone lies under a blanket with her head against her saddle.
someone quickly takes out a cigarette.
someone leans away from buster's wide-open jaws.
someone pulls a trooper in front of himself as someone fires, incinerating the trooper.
someone who turns to the colonel.
someone gives her a hug.
he glances over his shoulder and sees her waiting in the doorway.
a leaf falls near someone.
someone huffily marches in front of his mother, who hurries across the street after him.
someone softly shakes his head to himself.
someone gets into his car.
someone puts it to his lips.
he pops up and shakes out his curls.
they scissor kick.
someone drags someone away from him.
phillips' men explode armored vehicles, killing nearby troopers and clearing a path into the base.
his gaze falls on two words in quotation marks.
someone reads as she heads down a sidewalk.
someone and four buddies play cards at the kitchen table.
someone watches, then glances at someone and leans back in his chair.
at someone's bar, someone hangs his head.
now at school, they cross the hallway with other students.
using flaming torches the pirates prod sailors into the sea.
behind the wheel, someone eyes the two-inch red someone on his neck in the rear-view mirror then touches it and winces.
everyone raises their hands.
further down river, someone takes out his lighter and flips it open.
bethel leaves someone behind in a briefing room.
later he exits
as he slowly makes a fist, a rusty car behind him implodes.
his jaw drops as
the file is in the inner vault.
he glances at a blonde woman who sits reading near a similarly blanketed window.
they watch him go.
as someone makes a hard right in his limo, someone lops over.
she turns away from the unfinished sculpture.
as the med pod rotates and tilts into an upright position,
someone looks out toward the misty harbor.
she slurps a sample from a wooden spoon, smacks her lips, and smiles.
more frost giants race out of the citadel and leap down into the courtyard below.
he waves two prisoners on.
he glances at the family then reaches out and touches someone's hair.
as someone steps out and hurries toward the depot, the boy wearing glasses holds up script pages.
someone pulls herself into an air duct as an officer comes over.
he pulls his blanket tighter.
clenching his fists, he swivels his hips and shoulders.
smiling he holds out a breadstick to samantha.
as he walks off, someone
he sits back against a wall.
then takes a few steps toward the pay phone across the street.
someone taps his shield.
the real doctor turns to someone who returns a nonplussed glance.
blossoms bloom on the tree and birds fly in the sky.
turning a corner, someone checks his body clock, then breaks into a run.
we get in someone's car with someone.
a buxom manicurist files his nails, while a pedicurist paints his cloven hooves cherry red.
she poses and looks over at someone who turns.
the uniform cops walk through a storage area and enter a small chapel.
someone looks at a framed photo of his father, someone, and their young son, then punches in another four-digit code, followed by the pound key.
someone slides the door open and saunters in.
blocking the road, a zombie devours the innards of a corpse.
an alien opens its shaft door and joins a group of five others outside.
someone grabs a pipe and hits someone across the face.
his body completely engulfed holloway drops to his knees.
frozen in place, his frenzied gaze softens on the trunk.
someone and his family occupy four of the five chairs around the table.
inside, a white-haired man sits at a desk, talking on the phone.
a man sips from a paper bag.
he holds out a check.
the president lifts his head staring off as he rubs his thumbs together.
the boy's gaze remains fixed on the open journal.
his friendly expression fades as they keep staring.
someone enters her office.
someone pulls him into the cabin.
his sister passes and shows a bushy patch under her arm.
someone enters his house and peers out a window through his sunglasses.
with someone at her side, the bride takes cautious steps over the threshold, then stops in front of her parents.
the short someone stands behind the camera as the actors take their positions.
later, on his terrace, he builds a small covering with wooden beams with blankets draped across them.
someone returns the gesture, then halts and stares back at him.
he slides on his knees into a guard, knocking him over.
as someone looks on, they both turn their attention to him.
as the suv speeds toward a closed gate, someone steps in front of it with his gun raised.
he hold someone's gaze.
she opens his mouth to receive his approaching lips but he detours upwards and plants a kiss on her forehead
someone raises someone, but someone knocks him to the floor with a blast from his spear.
with a flurry of punches, someone fights off two more agents then kicks a third.
he takes off his lei and sets it on the water.
the flames on his skull subside and he holds his hands in front of his face as if to protect it.
he hands the bottle to someone who takes a sip as well.
a lanky guy removes his hood and mask.
someone steps out holding tyler in her arms.
he dives into the water.
the cat's ear twitches as he passes in front of its face.
and the cornbread explodes.
the bullet hits the getaway car's driver in the head causing him to crash.
a ponderous explosion rips into the building's facade.
she lose the joint.
sitting at the bar, someone stares off with a troubled look,
someone plants both hands on the painted metal, then gently pushes off.
someone flinches as it hits the floor.
inside, someone rests his head against his hand.
someone thoughtfully arches his brows.
on the ground, someone leads the way into the building, armed with an alien blaster.
now, a sign reads no tell hotel.
he kisses her, and leaves.
the two join hands.
in the lab, someone sits down.
he jogs over to a couch with the back of his skirt caught in the girdle.
someone jumps on his bed and swings his arms as someone shuts the door.
leaning against his chest, someone slinks up and down.
someone eagerly reaches for someone to approach.
in a freight car, someone loads his six-shooter with silver rounds.
someone follows her outside.
he storms out after his cousins.
holding his hands up, someone nods and paces to the door.
someone and someone run off.
facing it a boy plays with a sparkler.
then weakly pushes himself up on all fours.
she flops back again.
someone looks up to his old friend and grins, then his hardened face goes blank.
someone mouths "thank you" then turns back to someone.
she goes to the door.
another follows, coming down the mountain road.
he clinks his glass with the first man.
later, she enters a sushi restaurant.
he strokes its head and lets it go.
someone throws the card on the boardroom table.
patting the boy's hand, he pauses.
crossing the threshold, they head down the slope.
he turns around to find someone snuggled up against him, watching him with a big creepy smile.
a middle-aged woman wearing glasses smiles.
she slings it over her shoulder then takes the check.
a phone number is written in ketchup.
he turns and glares at her.
carrying a plate of food, someone passes someone.
the gunmen leap from building to building, searching the surrounding area.
he outlines a bomb with his hands.
the brunette shifts her groggy gaze, then closes her eyes and winces.
as she examines the egg, the someone's hologram pops up behind her.
someone twists someone's arm behind his back and slams him against a desk.
he peeks into the vacant living room, then heads upstairs.
the younger inmate shoots him, which captures the rest of the room's attention.
someone hits the redial button.
someone leads her by the hand into a courtyard.
someone opens his window.
working facing the wall, the administrator turns and looks up at someone.
they bend her over her car's hood and cuff her.
swimming forward, he opens his mouth wide and fills it with water.
mysterious leader who lifts the helmet's visor
someone scratches yet another someone with his knife, then sheathes the blade.
someone and someone face a laptop.
someone falls back.
someone stares wide-eyed at her.
focusing ardently, someone puts the finishing touches on a pencil drawn picture.
she stretches out her hands.
the suited men surround their charge and the group heads up a broad flight of stairs in the building's lobby.
someone looks on.
someone grabs his head.
someone shifts his sympathetic gaze.
inside the beam someone holds his hammer.
a little boy sneezes on someone.
she's crying.
the minivan parks along a curved
he chews blissfully.
he reaches the end of the passage and a huge slab blocks him from turning back.
the colonel takes his hand and they vanish.
he smiles cockily and shows his badge.
his car turns the corner.
a dagger of ice forms in someone's hand as someone raises his silver spear.
his image recedes as she drives away.
someone and someone lie back side-by-side.
someone abruptly turns away and looks at the wig form on the bed.
someone hits a red button on the wall.
someone spots him and hesitates,
someone gazes after her with a small admiring nod, then switches off the spotlight.
lifting his gaze, he notices someone in the distance.
to push him away.
a figure stalks toward him.
as someone stretches someone scoops her son off the bed.
expectations appears as a subtitle on a split screen as someone climbs the stairs.
the two pilots jump out of the plane, and, opening parachutes, drift safely onto the sand below.
someone joins someone at a costume rack.
he watches as a bifrost bridge shoots from the distant observatory into the sky.
two boys run down the stairs.
she stares at someone's sister then looks away.
then moves a duffel bag into the supply room.
the inspector bends over a large bouquet of blue flowers.
with left and right hooks followed by an uppercut.
at a box office, she holds him tight and stares up at his face.
someone shrugs her hands.
the two mutants surface.
she wriggles free, and dashes into another room, where she falls face down on a banquette.
the case worker's lips curl upward in a smile.
someone's eyes drifts downwards.
the kidnapper rolls down his passenger window.
in his apartment, someone drops his keys.
subtitles - i came here to tell you a story.
fuck you quiz.
someone faces someone as he approaches.
someone follows his sister.
someone descends a staircase.
the door opens and she stares distastefully at an elderly gentleman.
he stares slack-jawed.
now, in a field, the men hold rifles.
someone lands on his back.
he frowns as he slowly wakes up on a couch.
the butcher lowers the blanket and cranes his face close to the boy's.
a tattooed stock guy, someone, arrives.
someone's brow furrowed.
someone walks up to someone and shakes his head.
stretching, he opens his eyes.
he rolls.
back in the present, someone shifts her listless gaze.
her flashlight beam reveals a head, three times the size of a human's with a short elephant like trunk.
he shoots an uncertain look and his friend nod
someone produces a lantern.
in the water, the banana bundles float free of the netting.
he yanks a nettle from someone's back.
tucking his gun into his waistband, someone climbs into the cruiser's driving seat.
the monkey leaps onto it, climbs down the pole and lands in someone's enclosure.
they stare into each other's eyes.
someone lowers his smiling gaze.
she's wearing an engagement ring,
in a flashback, a teenaged someone with chin-length hair and bangs opens her front door.
she claps a hand over her mouth.
now, someone's van sits in the pouring rain outside his house.
his deep-set blue eyes gleam as the man's jaw wrenches helplessly.
a red light blinking at its apex.
as someone enters the building wearing the helmet, an agent talks into a radio.
someone regards his partner
behind him, a man arrives with two blonde women, one of them in a conspicuous orange skirt.
on the other side, someone and the mohawked man linger, sharing an uneasy gaze.
the burly one grabs a phone book.
lights come up on her backup singers.
someone someone lies next to someone as the water recedes from them both.
he gestures and she opens the gift.
he takes off his shades.
later, the older man paints a black 3 on the driver's side door.
someone steps out from around a corner and catches his bloodsucking mentor in the act.
the voluptuous young woman brushes back her long blonde hair.
the general stares at the departing confederates.
inside the uniformed delivery guys carries a pizza through an aisle of colorful vases and decorations.
she turns away and flings it.
around the wire revealing a green loop.
pulling out.
joining the other slow dancers, they clasp hands.
at the club, she rehearses with the girls at the end of the line.
as the bare-chested someone lies on the table, the senator, the colonel, and other men gaze down at him from an observation booth.
as a valet opens the door, someone pays the driver.
someone and someone stand across from her in the child's kitchen.
the guests stand as someone's mother walks her down the aisle.
clutching the fan in one hand, she raises it to her waist and rests it on her other palm.
now a light rises on someone in a platinum bobbed wig.
a beautiful blonde looks on.
the driver pumps the gas pedal, the creature slams against the bus, and knocks it over onto one side.
someone shifts his uncertain gaze.
someone's manager sponges water on him.
someone enters the operating room.
the lone penguin flaps her flippers, then hangs her head.
as he looks up, a vampire leaps from the shadows.
someone looks up at his teacher.
the detective enters his bedroom.
inside the tower, helmeted german soldiers push on the lid of a large sarcophagus.
his hand finds his seat belt buckle and pushes the release button.
as the driver turns the steering wheel the bus lands upright on all its wheels.
someone shoots energy from his chest and the beam hits the dummy in a burst of flames.
in a flashback, someone exits an apartment and finds her in an alley.
someone, poseidon, and the goddess with the long brown curls stare down at the teens.
he watches as the blue boat lurches up and over a cresting 15 footer.
there's a picture of two dogs copulating.
kneeling beside her, he pulls her pants down around her ankles.
someone gratefully kisses someone's blonde head.
sir someone marches through his ship as men and cannons
he watches the butterfly zigzag down and land on a small thin book lying on the ground.
now someone rejoins someone, passing two cops.
now, a bald heavyset guard turns up a boombox on top of his security control panel.
several bodyguards get out and someone approaches them.
the front door flies open as dark-haired someone leads the struggling someone out of the house in handcuffs, and shoves him into the back of a squad car.
he stands in the doorway.
and lays it on the ground surrounding her bedding.
someone does a little dance.
now they rejoin someone.
someone crosses the lobby and faces someone.
dried blood rims one of his nostrils.
someone gives someone a magazine.
two years is not a long time anyway.
someone, the mustached someone, and several commandos approach.
he holds freckles up close to his face.
someone follows them into the basement stairwell, locking the door behind him.
someone, someone, and the real estate agent watch him from the other side.
then changes her mind.
someone takes a steadying breath.
he moves to a window and peers inside.
he lunges forward, his arms raised and spread.
he and someone remove the cover, revealing a white cockatoo.
he stands facing her.
someone sits across from them.
they stop kissing and gaze at each other.
someone stares at her, crestfallen.
water calmly sweeps up over the bench waking him.
now someone peers out from the rooftop overlooking manhattan.
the young man uses a payphone.
he offers a cigarette.
he faces his commander.
as he digs out his cell phone someone tours a farmer's market.
he dives headfirst through a gong's ring stand.
someone peeks over the top of the staircase and spots his manuscript on the floor outside the bedroom.
a large agent steps out and punches someone to the ground.
he shoots someone in the neck with his pen.
she puts on a three quarter sleeve baseball t.
she plops on the couch.
someone notices a rash along his side.
someone cracks a smile.
in the infantry below, a thin union soldier clutches a photo of a woman as he stands by the bearded general.
above, the ship's spotlight shine through clouds of smoke floating in the night sky.
opens, revealing a tall man with rugged features.
someone sneaks past stagehands.
he backs off.
he looks outside to find someone riding her newly won jet ski in the backyard swimming pool.
inside, clark addresses high ranking soldiers and officials in a video conference.
someone points a massive foam hand.
he obliviously smears it all over the woman's face.
one enters the bank carrying two work lights and a white canvas duffel.
someone strains against his bonds.
in an apartment, a man swings out the bottom of his window, forcing someone to grab onto the hands of a nearby clock.
she grins, licks her fingertip, and strokes his ear.
holloway rolls a ball toward him.
in the truck, someone gives an alarmed look.
the man walks to a house's, his front door, glances over his shoulder at someone, then runs his fingers through his hair.
leaning her head back someone wistfully watches his thumb stroke her fingers.
she takes the flashlight out of her mouth and flips a switch.
as someone heads off, a stunned someone covers her mouth.
the two men lock gazes.
the emergency responders gather around a few police cars and an ambulance.
someone adopts a nonchalant air.
someone sadly lowers her gaze then lifts it.
with a sarcastic salute, someone draws curtains over the window, then sits again.
someone stares at her with disbelief, then shakes her head.
as she glares he covers his mouth and points apologetically to the joint.
punched repeatedly, someone collapses.
as she goes, someone sternly folds his arms across his chest.
and change set out on the counter, and faces the customer it belongs to.
someone sprints past a huge swinging ride.
flood lights on the arched cement walls give the tunnel-like performance space a blue tint.
at the far table, someone's date applies make up.
splintered wood of a destroyed freestanding wall surrounds the door.
behind the casket dissolves.
the archer in the lead, a strapping man with an unshaven jaw, hikes them across a muddy road.
he aims his gun around a corner and scans the vacant shadows.
someone swerves into another traffic lane.
she pulls at the door knobs, but he yanks the doors open.
he reaches out as someone passes.
someone allows a thoughtful smile.
with an intense stare, he heads off, leaving someone confused.
he points at the door.
to the pillared entrance.
someone stands on her chair.
someone backhands him.
he shakes his head and aims his pen.
a dog pops out.
he dashes out of a modern office building and into a city street.
she speeds off down the cobblestone street, her figure disappearing from view as she rounds a corner.
a goateed guy speaks up.
it smashes into someone's cab.
the three man dash from the riverbank and find the raft waiting for them.
someone picks up billiard balls and the alien faces him.
someone lowers her gaze and stares at the floor, lost in thought.
someone holds his earnest gaze.
as the couple draws closer, a grin crosses someone's face.
his opponent smooths his mohawk and straightens his gi.
someone carries a plastic bag into the kitchen, and places it on a dining table.
his flashlight beam hits the license plate of someone's convertible.
then rides his board 20 feet down the glassy face.
using the stolen id card, she unlocks the gate.
someone goes to a registration table.
he turns to a towel rack where more undergarments hang.
later at school, someone passes someone by.
as his wife looks over from the stove, he shows her the past
as his partner slumbers peacefully, he shuffles to a mirror.
the someone collapses.
nearing a rocky shore, someone pauses and looks back at her.
someone's opponent kicks at him, but someone backs away, running off the mat.
it loads the ex-wife missile.
someone emerges from the opening at the boat's center and climbs partway up on the canvas.
someone torques his crotch.
returning to the ground, he looks down a staircase and sees the beefy thug peering around the corner of a building.
she lurches to halt at the sight of ghost rider standing beside the overturned flaming suv.
the bounty hunter purses his lips.
she whacks hanging pots.
someone drops his taco on his plate.
someone pushes on.
the bearded gangster hangs up.
she joins someone at a table for three.
someone and someone join col.
he leans down to her.
he touches the glass.
entering, someone finds an attractive dark-haired woman putting makeup on his gaunt wife.
he offers a beer.
she flicks water at him.
someone gazes at an upper floor.
someone walks past him.
someone blocks him.
she stands and raises the glass.
his thoughtful gaze sweeping over the clustered buildings before him.
she opens the email which reads, let's get this story right this time.
he walks to a set.
someone places a bag beside the door, and reaches above one of the wooden posts supporting the veranda roof.
nighttime, someone removes a tray of two thick cheese-topped slices of bread from the oven.
she hugs her knees, then folds her arms across her.
blinking back tears, someone bravely meets her forgiving gaze.
the eavesdropping team swap looks.
a man with a frizzy hairdo stands waiting near the corner.
the strap falls from her mouth.
he presents chocolates.
someone sits alone in the next booth.
the spoon falls and the water shorts out the fan.
with a smile, she stands beside him and joins him in craning her head back to take in the doors' full height.
a bald man leaves with him.
with someone at the wheel, it smashes through a gate and out onto the street.
beast throws someone, then strikes his chest, dropping him face down on the sand.
someone stunned.
someone's jaw clenches shut.
now a tv shows a news report.
with his eyes fixed on her, someone touches his temple.
words appear, six months later.
glaring at someone, someone hugs his mother.
someone lets others in line pass.
someone takes the knife as she leaves.
someone lies on her back then rolls toward him,
an elderly couple sits on either side of a table facing us.
someone pockets his ring.
stowing the remote inside, she opens up and finds someone and someone.
she turns her back to him and strides across the great hall, her arms swinging stiffly at her sides.
someone puts out a cigarette.
they drive through town.
a broken wing reaches skyward as snow blows over it.
someone raises his brows and vanessa runs off.
within the story, a girl stands in the doorway of someone's home.
resting her chin on his shoulder, she gazes upward.
someone chuckles fondly and someone laughs into her hand.
someone trudges into his tent with the letter.
now she buys nuts.
he consults the newspaper photo then heads over to the cabin.
it sends clouds of foam high into the air.
someone watches someone as she stands with someone at a snack kiosk.
someone removes his hat, sets it on the ground and steps up on it.
in the girl's bedroom, someone sits in bed wearing glasses and writing.
he smears the tears from his cheeks.
with the table gone, all of the girls sit in their same seats, their trays on their laps.
they leave the bench.
as the kiss ends, the two lovebirds remain close, their lips inches apart.
sets it on the floor like a stool and sits across from the boy.
after watching for a moment, someone switches off the tv and removes a packet of m&ms from his mother's bed before leaving the room.
the father moves his hand toward someone's.
as the female clerk enters information on a computer, her male counterpart puts a time capsule to someone's wrist.
in an apartment, the civilian works at a kitchen table, his cheeks now smoothly shaven.
in class, someone gets a test back and pumps his fist.
someone stares at his family glumly then gives a regretful look.
someone slaps the drunks back.
then they go their separate ways.
someone, someone, and someone stare helplessly as the predator flies away with the device.
she watches him cross the upper floor then lowers her frustrated gaze and feels her brow with both hands.
someone looks down at the table, with a slight frown.
riding beside someone, someone eyes the capsule.
twirling, he sees someone arrive in the gravely courtyard below.
the slate claps again.
he turns and slams the blond boy against several nails protruding from a wall.
someone takes out her cell.
then turns his head sharply and looks at the glass case holding the unicorn model.
someone shares a long gaze with his visitor, staring at him with his ice blue eyes.
dressed in black with a matching leather jacket she enters avoiding their gaze and takes a seat at the far end of the conference table.
her eyes squeeze shut in agony.
later at a station, someone leads her family off an escalator.
brushing away, she peels back a flap of material to reveal an inset handle.
someone sits on a bed.
she stops to gaze at framed photographs hanging on the wall.
someone resumes his workout.
nearby young families gawk with horrified expressions.
he gazes at a young indian-american woman fixing an arrangement of white flowers,
as someone swims back to his board, another towering wave crashes down on him.
as she gazes up at him, her lips spread into a faint smile.
someone slams his computer shut.
she frowns and turns her back to him.
sunlight glints of sparkling waves, as someone sits on the sandy beach.
he stands by studiously, a rustic cabin at his back.
he offers up the someone.
now inside their shack, the two adult aliens mix a concoction over a makeshift laboratory.
someone leads a taller girl into the room.
she slides the key into its lock and pulls open the door.
someone picks up a card reading, new year's eve party.
someone holds up his left hand, points to his wedding band then runs a finger across his own throat.
he rests his cheek against her honey blond hair.
now someone's convoy travels through a desert on an isolated two-lane highway.
the couple kisses passionately.
he lowers his disappointed gaze, then shoots her a tentative glance.
they blow through a red light.
he grabs the bird.
he turns over someone's slip of paper.
as someone backs off, the young man smiles triumphantly and nods.
someone's icy cocoon fractures a little more.
a bandaged someone shouts after the teen.
the boy watches someone walk away.
he leads them down a corridor.
saturday night, someone kneels before her dog, shaking her hips.
he follows her gaze skyward.
gazing up, someone takes a deep breath.
the top of the wrapper pops open and the end of the spongy cream-filled yellow cake peeps out.
someone presents her with a gift.
he finds a golf bag.
someone backs up into the bank and closes the door.
she turns alertly, listening.
then releases it into the stream of discarded objects.
at home, someone finds someone with his back against a door.
knew, i would not tell you.
and a stocky man with scraggly hair sits up.
on an elevated platform set with padded mats, older students in black uniforms follow the commands of their square-jawed instructor.
they swap a smile.
a tear rolls along the side of her nose and another streams down her cheek.
a male mourner walks across our view of the best friends.
someone looks around anxiously and shakes water from his hair.
later someone walks with samantha.
on the big screen, a word appears over someone's face, in chinese and english - disqualified.
taking his eyes off the road, someone fires at someone once, then slams into a passing truck.
now, someone's helmet light emerges from darkness, illuminating the walls of a tunnel as he crawls through it.
her mother pauses as she eats, frowning at her daughter's sullen downcast gaze.
he marches toward the desk, his lips parted.
someone storms out of the sound booth with a sour expression.
raw eggs pelt their faces.
in millennium park, someone and someone kiss under the steel, bean shaped archway of cloud gate.
someone wrenches the wheel, taking the limo back to the main road.
now, he blow-drys it.
now someone watches her cooking.
he bashfully shakes it.
both wear a collared knee-length dress of shiny fabric.
sitting nearby, someone's grandmother smiles wide.
an image shows tribal lands.
then blinks her troubled eyes.
someone takes a drag.
face-to-face, the truck forces someone backwards.
someone wipes tears from her big almond shaped eyes.
someone gives a sneering nod.
wearing her wedding gown, someone gazes at herself in a mirror.
and leans them against a rock.
someone rides little blackie into the muddy river and they swim across, their heads just above the fast flowing water.
he opens the door to reveal the one-percenter's leader the bearded biker and the swarthy hispanic biker.
the gang leader takes aim.
someone flies up.
someone slings his backpack over his shoulder as he leaves the boathouse.
a guard opens the tank door
someone pads into the kitchen wearing only pajama pants.
someone circles the boat, pawing at its hull.
someone looks away uncomfortably.
lilys gaze softens, sympathetically.
someone slips out unnoticed.
someone applauds delightedly.
she pries off the tail light's back cover, then grabs a short-handled paint roller.
she sits in an armchair.
someone lifts it over his head, revealing someone's masculine features.
an officer approaches someone as he leaves with someone.
someone lays her back on a pinball machine.
someone blinks out of the moment.
as the band joins her, she struts toward the audience.
now, a group of women sit around a table decorating the edges of a red bridal bed blanket.
he hurries across the platform and
someone lands a right hook right and wallops him.
meanwhile, someone chases someone while deflecting blasts with his shield.
he smacks a pillar.
now words appear over a campus.
hidden in shadows, a blue hand slides across a thick column, leaving a thin layer of frost.
someone climbs a ladder and reaches for the cat.
she covers someone's hand with her own.
someone shifts his weight.
using a public phone, a fair-haired agent scans his surroundings.
she looks decidedly uncomfortable and makes a bid for freedom.
she grabs an air conditioning unit and crosses to its other side.
someone hangs her head.
someone faces his own reflection in a mirrored cabinet.
wearing only a primitive undergarment around his hips.
someone blocks the shot.
now by the hotel pool, he wears water wings.
bending over, riley lowers his raised arms.
the engineers throw on the brakes.
the upright ship begins to tip her way.
as someone returns to the holding cell door someone approaches and pulls on it from the opposite side.
someone begs someone.
a bearded man peers out of the planet saturn.
someone returns his gaze to the wildflowers.
someone catches his eye as someone starts to take a seat at an empty table.
she sinks a shot while sitting on the floor.
with a fond smirk someone steps closer, cradles her head in his hands and gives her a tender kiss.
a buckle adorned with a smiley face sticker releases four straps.
his parachute opens and drags him backward, but he clings to the plane's tail.
he dashes away, hiding his face with his hand he crosses toward the reception desk.
someone stands still and stares at the creature.
someone leaves someone alone at a desk.
sitting at the long tables, the econ students diligently work on their exams.
sitting across from her new guardian, she gives an affronted look.
as she slides it into an envelope, the clerk looks into someone's eyes.
now a bespectacled young man shows a model of the stealth jet.
someone's blue eyes fix on someone
he looks down thoughtfully.
a door opens, spilling light into the room.
in the park, two women twirl long colorful ribbons.
hunched over and jaw hanging slack, someone looks up.
someone takes off someone's beret and places it over his own head.
someone places his palms together.
our view suddenly backtracks out of the water through someone's bewildered reflection.
a stationary view shows someone sitting at a desk in his bedroom.
elsewhere, someone lies awake in bed.
she crouches in front of one boy.
someone scoops up someone and hugs someone.
she pauses, most of her hair tucked under a hat and her features disguised by large sunglasses pushing them up on her nose, she crosses the sunny atrium.
someone accelerates beside the armored truck.
he climbs out of bed.
he stops at a corner.
someone's hand creeps over his shoulder bringing him back to his knees.
both men are wrapped in gray blankets.
the partners take aim.
someone gives him a wry look.
more gunmen follow.
the band members watch someone and someone walk away.
the steakhouse, the chef cooks tableside.
someone rubs her arm.
he follows his teacher into the store.
they move for the support beam.
bending over a toilet she shoves a finger down her throat then vomits.
now, as they chase someone's car across an overpass, someone looks over her shoulder.
she lowers herself to the edge of the platform and leans over someone.
someone turns to a vendor.
he puts on his wristwatch and notices a stack of mail on the table.
his front tire hits a pothole when he gets launched over the handle
walking onto the glass, someone picks up the orchid and drops it into the pool.
he dives into the pool and disappears.
an older woman rubs sunblock on her bare arms.
someone wraps her arm around someone's shoulder as he gently sobs.
he lowers his glass and chuckles bitterly.
someone's shoulders heave as he controls the satellite dish, his face pulled into an expression of both sadness and triumph.
as someone looks away, someone slowly glances over at him.
she walks into the lobby, steps up to a blonde-haired desk clerk
he kicks the windows shut with one foot as he dangles.
it shows vito's pizza place.
someone holds the animal in his melancholy gaze.
outside, the teenage boy poses with a prom date.
it reads over 116 years.
someone's stony faced.
someone's grandma cackles, displaying her one tooth.
someone folds his hands and looks away.
it disintegrates into filmy stands.
the shot blasts through floyd's belly and he flops on the grass.
in the escaping submarine, someone shifts his smug gaze.
then passes a row of women doing laundry in plastic tubs.
he holds his arm across mr.
she turns slightly and the agitated killer appears.
he removes the tarp, revealing a model of a golden building with two pointed towers.
it carries him past the shouting men at the edge of the ship's deck.
her father approaches.
in the bathroom, he finds a penguin in the toilet.
he chucks it in the trash.
someone pauses on his way into the bedroom.
the girl watches in anguish as another wave rolls over him.
he inserts the heart-shaped key into the lock.
someone folds his hands over his crossed knees.
someone sneers and yanks his jacket off his shoulder, then whirls it toward his back.
as the sedan glides away, he peers out his widow at the passing city.
snowflakes gently drift through the darkness.
black boots block their way.
someone sits at her other side.
on stage, she glances at someone and takes a seat at the piano.
cradling his head in her hand, she draws his mouth to hers again.
someone grins and hugs her back, while someone looks on with a fond, tender smile.
he enters a cozy, fully furnished living room, and looks around.
spar opens his eyes a slit and blinks heavily.
someone blindly fires.
with a disappointed look, she gets up.
someone pulls in front, then disappears ahead of someone, who pumps his arms as he sprints.
the students stare at her.
someone turns the wennerstrom file his way.
someone's head droops forward defeatedly.
with the butt of his gun, someone whacks the stalls open one by one.
someone indicates a tree.
later, he hangs up his coat.
eyeing the dog curiously.
he leans in again.
someone's tear-filled eyes dart away from someone.
in the morning, someone packs a duffel bag with clothes.
reaching into a pocket, the boy takes out a set of keys as he approaches another metal door.
he relaxes and faces speed who sighs.
someone sees someone's knife behind his back.
he kicks the animal's rear and locks it in a pen.
someone slaps her hands away, her jaw dropping in exasperation.
later, he stands at a machine inside the factory.
someone yanks the sheet off the automaton.
heading back for the house, someone shuffles across the lawn.
he rolls off the bed.
she gets to her feet.
someone's head dips below the water, and he lifts it back out.
someone lowers his shades and meets his mugshot's stern gaze.
he throws them down.
the man reaches for it.
he slides in and grabs her waist.
later, she sits on a sink and holds her cellphone to her ear.
in the club alcove, the agent pats around the table edge, then presses an ashtray at its center.
sobering, someone knits his brow and leaves the room.
settling next to his father, someone gulps down breaths of air and winces painfully.
now, someone and someone stand side by side with their faces turned to each other.
she pauses, looking around, then climbs a marble staircase to a posted directory.
its status still reads out of time.
she pleadingly gestures him around.
they all meet the corporate execs at the bar.
a view through the pool's glass panels shows a shark gliding through the pale blue water.
as a zamboni passes, a grinning someone accepts a pen from a curly-haired boy.
she directs the beam upward.
he pulls out a chair for someone.
the mother ship hovers directly above their craft, rotating slowly.
someone peers out a window at the retreating helicopters.
fully clothed, he behind her with his arm around her
a tear falls from someone's eye and she shakes her head in confusion.
he morphs into the giant winged demon.
a massive wave suddenly overtakes the lifeboat.
someone lies on her side, turning away from someone.
elsewhere, wearing dark-eyed zombie makeup someone examines herself in a mirror.
her hand hovers over the space bar on her keyboard.
someone walks through the corridor behind them.
both men drink the fruit's nectar.
later, someone, wearing an iron man suit, dances in front of a deejay station on a stage.
someone removes the seal decorated with magic marker then unwraps the sandwich.
the vampire crashes through the dock then gets thrown up along the warehouse shattering the wall.
someones eyes glisten.
across the street, someone accompanies the two women into the cinema, passing a manhattan melodrama poster.
someone gapes then glances at a technician as he heads out.
a needle on a timer ticks around.
now, before a packed student audience, a teen rock band backs up a blonde singer clad in black.
her computer runs the photo through a database.
someone props up someone's head.
he sneers and lifts his gaze.
the square-jawed man rises from his bench and faces the boy, who shifts his eyes nervously.
he frowns to himself as the groom walks off.
daylight pours in through the windows as someone lies back on the bench, his head on the meagerly padded armrest.
someone stands by a massive viking ship with a crashed plane in its hull.
he turns to look at the actual structures.
someone stares at her with tears glistening in his eyes.
someone cocks his rifle and takes aim.
dismounting, she removes her helmet.
someone picks up the cab door and uses it as a shield.
now underwater, someone emerges from a cavern, clutching a glow stick and the air cylinder.
someone chases after his young self through the field of tall grass, losing him in the blinding rays of the setting sun.
as it bounces under the pursuer's bumper, the agents shoot it and it explodes.
someone watches his teacher solemnly, then looks away.
someone continues toward her, then stops a few yards away.
someone opens the cage and sneaks out.
later, he shows a photo.
someone checks his wallet.
someone sets it aside with a puzzled frown.
inside, someone opens a locker and digs through the content.
someone shuts the curtains and faces him.
someone waves to her from across the studio and she waves back.
someone opens the door and they rush into the small utility room.
someone drives someone up outside the hospital.
he gets up and puts on a t-shirt.
you, what do you want?
he kicks the lawman back and swings over the railing.
someone follows and turns on a light revealing a torture chamber with a white tiled center.
it shakes off ice chips from head to toe.
someone lifts her gaze, her eyes shining, as someone comes in with her jintian sisters.
he cocks his head and nods.
the suv limo pulls over to a curb.
he takes a seat beside her.
she lowers someone then rips the plastic bag off his face and unshackles his ankles.
he hurdles the low edge of a stone window and peers around a column.
our view drifts toward downtown los angeles where pale, pink light lines the horizon.
as he meets her gaze again, she leans in closer.
someone stands in the shadows.
someone sits in a booth, talking on the phone.
crouches and rolls his bent knees over exposing his anus to her.
someone runs down the alley past someone.
g-men watch the apartment.
someone blinks groggily, then leans his head back.
looking right, he sees dozens of kneeling men bowing, performing salah in the mosque's courtyard.
narrow as he furiously twist the nozzle, then discards the tank.
he frowns and someone stifles a smile.
turning, she looks to someone in the wings.
someone rushes away.
the foreman notices someone's cast, painted to match his coat sleeve.
now, the locals guide the group through ankle-high water.
a butterfly flits over the pool, sprinklers come on nearby, and someone wakes.
someone edges away, then notices two water fountains on a nearby wall.
opening her eyes, the dazed teen faces the interior of a car's trunk.
someone reaches the pool table.
the boy holds his father's gaze.
the woman's gun fires skyward as she falls.
the fan drops from her grasp.
someone puts the car in reverse and backs up.
later at the apartment, she stirs a bowl of chocolate filling.
including one titled, new supply just in bro.
as the dirt-smeared boy stare at the blood someone walks up behind him.
he flashes a puckish grin.
someone grins as he leaves someone and joins his teammates on the ice.
someone places a chair center stage and straddles it.
he stands and steps around the desk.
a crowd watches as porters carry a sedan chair into their neighborhood.
as he continues to riff, his head down, she approaches.
his round faced wife watches him go.
someone expectantly takes a steadying breath.
someone dodges a punch, kicks out his legs, then sprints away.
standing nearby,
the dancers on the bar fall back into the arms of the bartenders, who carry them to the stage.
the bear looks up at him.
someone crooks a smile.
someone takes in the situation, then tilts her head.
he collapses to his knees.
inside his studio they look over various paintings.
he jumps out strapped to another guy.
someone looks up to see the robot shooting as it charges over.
as the med pod lowers back down, someone scoots herself into position.
now flies swarm around the injured zebra, a thin white foam covering its lips.
someone rolls his chair over to someone.
he rests motionlessly with his eyes closed and a breathing mask covering his nose and mouth.
now someone sprints across a bridge, crossing the river in his buttoned up green army jacket.
he rubs the palms of their hands together.
someone sets her purse on a chair then takes a seat on the edge of the bed.
someone flips open another phone and pulls up its speed dial numbers.
all the while, keeping a cold glare fixed on someone.
later, a woman shows someone and someone into an office.
his braid twirling as he twists around and falls.
he lies over the journal and rolls the half inch stub between his fingers.
grinning, someone pokes his tongue between his teeth.
patrons eat at sidewalk tables outside the corner cafe.
he thrusts someone's backpack at her, draws a huge handgun and opens fire on a passing car.
someone walks past someone irvin and finds his assistant.
someone reads an attached note.
he pounces on the boy.
doors part for someone and she steps into the room.
it smashes a glass shelf behind him.
someone glances at her troubled friend, then takes her hands and shifts her gaze straight ahead.
moving closer to the bright panel, she sees rows of chinese characters.
the man releases the boy's arm then opens the notebook.
someone swivels the gun as it shoots a thick jet of amnesia dust.
someone smiles sadly, her eyes welling up.
tears glisten in her eyes as she stares at the moon.
someone turns on his way out.
she kisses her finger then blows him the kiss.
as someone saunters across the vault, the muscular bald thug drags someone's body away.
he frantically waves his arm at the ship.
indoors a woman styles someone's pink hair.
as he unlocks the door, he steps in close and leans his face toward hers.
an untouched button on the end pulsates with light from within.
someone listens on the radio.
she admires the chic lamps and mod accessories.
as someone gets back up his stepfather restrains him from behind.
with the newspaper in his hands, ron someone turns his back to him.
someone smiles at someone, then glances uncomfortably at the couple.
she solemnly puts it on over her head
her eyes glisten tearfully.
she aims her gun upward then ventures on.
someone stands before the burning shack.
as they approach the parthenon's entrance
he uses hand sanitizer.
he pauses, and they hover over his head.
someone touches amber lit symbols on the pod.
later, she passes out with her head on the keyboard.
now, someone finds someone standing outside the new eagle enclosure.
captain waddles near and nestles his beak against his leg.
a man places a smoke bomb where they stood.
the balding officer stays behind.
with a smile, the doorman bobs his head.
someone arrives in the room housing vickers' med pod.
then rolls on her back and reaches for the brush on her nightstand.
she turns it on.
the others sit as someone threads a film through the projector.
he reaches a hand out.
one man uses an umbrella to hit the alien, who vanishes in a puff of red smoke.
in the lobby, someone finds someone seated on a bench.
dozens of trophies stand on a nearby table.
someone leaps out the window.
a tear slides out.
someone sits in a chair and someone takes a seat on the floor.
the young man clears one of three place settings from the dining room table.
someone shuffles around to face her.
someone spots someone across the office.
someone pushes it away.
the packed congregation sits before the reverend in the pulpit.
now, at the beach, he ambles over to a blanket where alexandra suns her back and someone lies with her head on someone's shoulder.
he averts his bashful gaze.
they jump into the open trailer of the locomotive's coal car.
he does turns.
surrounded by tropical plants and lit candles, he makes a call on a portable phone.
she watches as someone blows out more candles.
in the mansion's debris-strewn foyer, he finds a dolphin statue and two soldiers.
back at the dorm, a sign on a door reads, "divas in session, members only".
someone sits at the far end.
and dips the pen into an ink well.
someone lifts his arm.
someone presents her with a candy ring set in a tasteful jewelry box.
the blue boat groans up a wave at a 30-degree angle, pitching port side.
now dr. rosenthal holds a copy of the book.
he meets her surprised gaze.
commands a newspaper to fly flat onto the train driver's
as someone looks on ecstatically, the older surfer pops up at the wave's crest,
someone enters following her raven haired
in a cage, a finch on a perch ruffles its feathers as its owner sashays across the room.
she collapses back despairingly.
someone tries a bite.
someone crouches and peers under the cabinet, then stands and moves it away from the wall.
further in, the team passes through a circular archway
leaving his chair the captain goes to a layout table.
overwhelmed with sobs, someone rushes from the room.
a sultry woman stands in an old barn.
someone starts to run away but the soldier jumps out and strikes at him.
she stares up at the night sky with her hands crossed protectively over her chest.
crouching low, the vampire slips the bowl beneath the hunter.
in the present day, someone sits by someone's hospital bed, thoughtfully reading through some papers as sunlight pours in through the windows.
she climbs the tree in a hoodie and slip.
in front of his feet, urine hits the canvas.
his lips twitch and he looks down.
our view dashes across the school grounds to a guy on a cellphone.
he nears a younger surfer as a swell creeps up behind them.
later they hold a cocktail dress up to someone.
the american looks the bully dead in the eye, then approaches mr.
creeping along a wall, someone peeks out at compound across the street where several busses sit parked.
the bearded supplier turns to his guards.
the score is tied.
at its center, a bearded blonde man wearing a winged helmet and a red cape holds up the blocky hammer.
in her suv, someone gazes back at her mother's house as she and someone drive away.
someone breaks a bottle.
a large claw-like hand emerges from the bushes.
someone drops his stick, shakes off his gloves, and removes his helmet.
he notices the gun case.
a receptionist shows someone into a conference room, where three executives wait around a large table.
the woman clicks on a message titled
brushing her hair out of her face, she peers over her shoulder then casually heads to the bathroom.
blinking her woeful eyes, she opens her mouth to speak
someone turns her stunned gaze from the priest.
someone stares too.
as the goat creeps to the stairs, someone sniffs the air.
the inspectors hold a wallet labeled property of someone pinched on 17-9.
in the kitchen someone fills a bowl with cereal, then glances around.
he fidgets with the paper slip.
he leaps up, backflips, and catches hold of the model jet with his feet.
someone closes the page of bible verses on his laptop.
someone stares into his eyes.
someone eyes it and gives a nod.
someone smiles as she ends the call and walks into the saloon.
now, a woman hurries into a building, passing an advertisement for two authors.
the bereaved daughter rests her head on someone's shoulder.
someone faces the older man earnestly then looks away.
now, someone's parents leave the house.
someone shifts his troubled gaze.
now, the sun shines wanly through a thick haze and gleams on a calm grey sea.
racing into a small lunch room, they see the cyclone through a window.
someone looks at someone's phone.
he drops his pizza box.
someone taps someone.
someone glances back at her.
it reads.
they smile at one another.
now, the young surfer paddles out alone.
later, someone stands by a stairway to an l-train platform and looks around in confusion.
someone shuts the driver's door and pulls out.
she notices his broad wing.
he looks up from his typewriter then hurries out.
the women paw at the well-dressed man.
she lifts her chin and her nose brushes against his.
someone's thrusters fire up.
someone's eyes dart toward his cigar box.
they go to the exam room.
he whirls her around, then sets her down.
now in a military plane, someone lies on some cargo netting as it takes off.
someone beams and puts an arm around someone.
someone stares at his dad.
an email pops up.
looking slightly lost he drives away.
with puzzled looks, the others press their hands to their ear
and someone turns to him.
she nods, beaming.
he opens it and finds a check for $500,000.
in their midst, someone and someone slow dance as they share a warm animated conversation.
he drops to his hands and knees, hanging his head low to the ground.
a surveillance feed shows the swat truck arriving outside.
someone takes another drag from his cigarette.
as the tabby stalks closer, someone rides the skateboard up the half pipe and soars into the air.
he approaches someone and gives a resigned nod.
she casts another glance at the show, then hands over a $20.
another gentleman drops in a few bills.
someone steps out toward the beach.
lady someone staggers backward into view at the doorway as her daughter-in-law prepares the tea.
our view drops to someone's information right below it.
now, he does a floater, riding along the top of the curl.
as we drift over a sprawling complex, words appear: "covert cia research base."
he looks up to see someone rejoin his surfing buddies.
she blinks slowly then opens another email with an attached photo of a newborn baby.
at the docks, someone flexes his right hand and glances at the padlocked gate.
the imposing frenchman joins him.
someone walks down a marble corridor, rubbing his hands and grinning.
now, someone again sits.
someone's car peals through the parking lot as the off-duty waiter approaches the tearful girl.
the man sternly slides the chocolate back toward himself, then licks his finger.
scanning down the page, someone finds links to more of someone's articles.
someone and someone head back into the daybreak offices to find the team gathered around a table.
someone stands frozen, arm outstretched, reaching for his helmet.
someone hits his car's remote, then leaves someone's side.
she holds up a bottle of tequila.
now, traffic packs the modern streets of beijing in the early morning light.
inside, it's packed with people.
he tosses it back, then joins someone.
someone nods, then twitches a sad smile.
someone and someone watch a horse-faced news anchor on tv.
now seated at a white canvas in school he draws in pencil.
the train stops at a platform marked, someone disembarks.
he stares at someone then turns and walks off.
someone nods and rests her hand on someone's knee.
someone scowls at his father-in-law, then stares off bitterly.
the gunman follows her as she races across the street and enters a building.
she quickly opens the room's door and hurries out of vickers' life boat.
then slowly lifts her head and looks toward the dimly lit cabin.
someone glances at the lawyer and signs his name on a line marked defendant.
someone looks back.
someone shoots him a scolding pout.
grabs a metal tube in its beak then flies off.
she gets up, revealing a tiny t-shirt and boy-cut panties.
the picture reflects her porcelain complexion.
he drops change on the table.
turning, someone finds someone in his underwear.
someone sits a few feet away.
someone leans her head back, spreads her arms and drinks in the applause.
someone dunks him.
someone ambles into the hospital room, her eyes fixed on her mother.
the hostages divide into two groups standing of a wide alcove that opens to the vault.
he falls face down on the carpet.
someone faces someone's portrait with a faint smile, then glances around wearily.
someone adds a page to the typewriter.
he hangs up and crosses the street toward a colored blue-lit nightclub.
as the chief heads after him, the envoy turns a corner.
the chiseled thug blinks.
someone lights a candle.
he plops down on the couch.
they lie on a pile of mats.
someone shuts the trunk.
he offers someone a beer, and she refuses.
inside a box, then turns to them with three pens.
someone remains slouched and the boy shakes the poles insistently.
they both lean forward and kiss.
the esu team members hold their rifles at the ready.
reenacting, he halts in his tracks.
now in a humble house, the three nerds play music as someone arrives with energy drinks.
someone follows someone through a doorway then up several steps.
she turns into a parking space and smashes into a lamp post.
someone walks off with the old sheriff.
policemen hold back a crowd.
she gazes at someone, who lies peacefully by with her eyes closed and her hands folded on her stomach.
he bounces over to the stereo and turns it on.
later, someone chains a metal gate to a wooden post and returns to the jeep, beyond which a herd of cows grazes in a field.
as someone shoots the side door, homer fires back.
someone, lost for words, sits down at the foot of her bed.
someone and someone sing backup from atop the bar.
venturing onward, the boy spies a third monk sitting in the lotus pose.
she hobbles at him, her broken ankle dragging behind her.
someone ducks into the canvas and the zebra stretches its neck toward the approaching ape.
he blows her a kiss.
dust swirls as the chopper flies the tank above its landing zone.
she moves away from the copier
she leaves with a case of equipment.
he walks for them.
someone gets up and heads off.
someone strides out of the school with his son right behind him.
a man and woman trade a sober look.
her eyes fixed on the club, she lowers the phone sadly.
in the dressing room, someone approaches someone.
as he stares down at her she continues to avoid his gaze.
the 1st of june.
someone and the kids turn from the window and glare at someone.
someone's laptop screen shows her write, "so last night i made floating."
one shows a bald burly man with a menacing look
she removes a locker's padlock,
the gray gases reveal the contours of the someone.
someone leaves the observation room, and barges in on the focus group.
christine holds out a recorder.
someone wrestles someone to the ground.
and demands his appearance at the grand hall of tooth fairy land.
he cleans up at a sink.
someone opens the gate and steps through.
someone stops the car and rolls down his window.
ignoring her, someone points mirthfully at the tv.
someone nods slowly and closes her eyes.
the family gleefully jumps around.
someone's shoulders heave as he edges toward someone,
he points to a large banner reading prodi-g, then notices a pretty girl in the crowd.
at the table behind her, a waiter presents a dish flamb.
he picks up a jagged hooked strip of metal with an ivory nub angled down from one end.
a few more gears within the complicated mechanism begin to spin.
he stares after her, then gives a smug nod.
surfboards lean against a rusted metal guardrail.
someone offers a slight smile.
members disperse.
someone halts, wavering unsteadily.
he gently twists her arm until his hand is on top.
now, on a narrow snow smeared road, the car approaches a bridge with rainbow-shaped arches barely wide enough for two cars.
then opens his bedroom's french doors and steps out in jeans and a white tank.
he wheels the case on the path lit by the florescent lights.
homer grabs his take.
someone pushes him away.
he puts up his dukes.
he nods at her beaming.
behind him, someone wakes to see her husband grimacing skyward.
pulling his ax from his jacket, he turns to strike.
someone throws the rat at the tiger who catches it in his mouth.
someone watches as someone drops the flaming cotton ball into a bowl, and dips a hand in, gathering a dancing blue flame in his palm.
turning, someone smacks his shoulder.
someone takes out his phone.
he steps off and heads for the door.
someone skips over him and grabs her bag.
now two bodyguards flank a man in a tacky suit as he heads up a winding stone stairway.
his boss has a new assistant with a large afro.
now a red dot moves around the map.
on the surface, storm clouds swirl menacingly in the sky.
someone inspects the area, then jogs over to the window.
she presses her lips together to stifle a smile, then shifts her gaze to someone who blinks awake and looks up at her.
he gestures, as if turning someone around, and spreading his butt cheeks.
lily.
an agent checks the entryway.
later, still in the sky, someone levitates a football.
now, someone wears a uniform wear a silk scarf.
someone gives a little nod.
he yanks the quill out.
to some coiled rope on his hip.
someone cocks his head and nods appreciatively.
as she casually strolls along, the sedan full of gunmen turns a corner and rolls up behind her.
in the cargo hold, someone rips a plank off a crate.
where she turns on a set of security monitors.
they haul out a load of hard framed trunks and cases.
blood tints the water all around someone.
someone shuts it and sighs.
as they gaze at an empty table, someone smiles.
the dancers squat.
later, jeanette, someone's trainer, watches the bulldog.
she doses under an afghan, a work document by her side.
in the barroom, baby face returns fire through a window.
her husband turns on the spot.
with the other, he struggles to serve himself food with chopsticks.
leading the others, someone flings his arms around his father who scoops him up and spins him around.
someone unbuttons a cuff and adjusts his sleeve.
she released two hidden clips at the back of her hair,
someone closes his eyes as he sprays.
the blond tosses her cigarette through the fence.
someone forces someone down and someone punches him.
with a little smile, she gets in behind the wheel.
someone rolls over in his hammock.
later, he pops the trunk.
someone jams his fist in his mouth.
now, someone and someone exits a shop called my tiny me dressed in costumes.
someone gives her a big hug and kisses her cheek.
finding herself head to head with her ex, someone backs up a pace.
someone turns to the tatted clerk.
his sister and the other birds follow.
she demurely powders her nose.
she nudges someone's butt.
someone strokes her hand then lifts it and examines her palm.
she keeps her head bowed, her hair masking her face from view.
someone sprints out of the building.
someone slips her hands into her pockets.
someone pours a drink.
he plugs in a charger, and checks his iphone.
he takes out his cell.
someone looks up at the mysterious woman, who watches him with a steady earnest gaze.
someone climbs over a log bench, and heads off with his father.
on the ground, the jet slows as it taxis on a tarmac.
tori serves another round of drinks.
someone punches the bigger man as snowy jumps on his back.
the primate creeps closer.
under her puzzled stare, someone screws up his mouth and nods coolly.
security footage shows the gun flying from the clerk's grasp and discharging into a propane tank.
he reaches for her phone.
someone takes a seat and nods.
he takes socks from a bureau.
someone turns and pulls out a pistol blaster as he scans the room.
now someone leads someone into a room of weapons.
flinging his foot upward again, the kick still comes up short.
someone falls from the towering palace and disappears into clouds.
fairy godmother's jaw hangs slack.
someone grips hands with his muscular accomplice, then kisses someone.
she mimes jerking off.
facing her husband, someone shakes her head.
someone timidly avoids her gaze.
someone passes a half-finished painting on an easel,
and duck and hurls him
someone dives onto a double bed.
separating, they gaze into each other's eyes.
frowning, someone releases a deep breath and leans forward in her seat.
someone exits, someone shuts his eyes.
each carrying a duffel.
she watches someone tensely through the thin crack between the hinges.
water, someone detaches an air cylinder from the decompression chamber.
blinking her weary eyes, someone lowers her cell from her ear and sucks in an anguished breath.
below on the lawn, someone in a suit and tie waves up at someone.
tilting her head back and forth, she touches her face.
restraints hold someone's arms and legs as he spasms,
someone steps out of her car in a tight dress.
he pauses to fire at a group of oncoming attackers.
now, someone teaches someone how to shoot.
a roman candle, he takes out his lighter.
it leads to a pump on someone's breast.
pirates with swords climb their ship's tilted mast toward the unicorn, which lies on its side.
a short, scrawny young man with parted brown hair steps up to a doctor wearing a white coat.
someone goes over to his stepfather with two friends.
as someone and his hostage speed away, the timekeeper cars follow.
someone slides the carriage to its starting position.
someone lands on a slanted roof.
someone draws his dumbfounded mouth shut and nods.
someone began interviews with the vanger family members.
as both men stand, someone jumps and kicks the agent in the chest with both feet.
someone blinks and looks down.
the truck swings into the building's side and breaks off from the chopper.
as holloway climbs out of the vehicle, it blows away.
through the lenses, he sees a flash of light receding into the jungle.
blood stains the water.
gazing down on the stage, we find a shadow extending from someone's body as if reaching for someone.
looking inside, he finds it empty.
he pulls a shaggy teddy bear out from under the sheets.
face covered by a red bandana, red someone raises his sword.
another camera view slyly records someone talking into someone's camera.
the bully glares at him as he practices his drills with unsettling precision.
she answers her phone.
clad in a red hooded sweatshirt and jeans, someone comes in and shuts the door.
in afghanistan, someone patrols a bustling street.
they get back in.
someone yanks him upright.
the hyena emerges from beneath the canvas.
a reporter meets someone.
he strides forward.
he wrestles them out of their seats and marches them out of the front door.
gottfried strangles her as young someone looks on.
meanwhile, someone steps out of the destroyed gas station.
outside by a blossoming tree, he twirls the happy boy in his arms.
cowering beside someone, someone frowns as she glances from the creature to someone who marches toward the creature.
getting to his feet, someone peers at her bookshelf and notices models of vintage sports cars.
as he turns off a lamp on a stand, the scene cuts to black.
they climb the foyer stairs and secure both sides of the lobby.
later, someone slides open the door to someone's enclosure and peers inside.
a friendly-faced guy comes hurrying over.
someone head butts the rider who punches him.
stepping out from behind a low pile of rubble, someone plants his feet and gazes steadily at someone.
the masked someone faces her through a teller window.
someone storms off, throwing her arms out.
the teacher points at someone.
someone glances over his shoulder as he rounds a corner with someone.
someone stops welding and lifts the goggles above his forehead.
someone skeptically cocks her head.
in a garage, someone turns away from a mechanic.
street between passing vehicles.
someone's stony expression softens as he shifts his gaze.
large flecks of ash reign down, as dancing flames dock the room.
the man flops to the ground in the doorway.
brushing back her long hair, she opens a brown paper bag.
he lifts a fish to his nose.
with a furrowed brow the driver glances back at someone then reaches for the handle and opens the bus door.
other school kids pass it along.
someone arrives at the cul-de-sac leading to his driveway.
balanced on one knee, he turns and raises his palm weapon toward someone.
someone glances back at the van.
someone takes up his scalpel.
she steps away to reveal the camera's aim at the door.
the cops put a compost sign in a trash can, then set up a keg.
someone gazes toward someone.
someone steps into the light and swaps a look with his goateed comrade.
on her left arm, she wears an evening glove with its fingers cut off.
someone shifts her gaze, then looks to her mother.
they pause among giant knobs of coral growth.
rubbing his jaw, someone straightens.
across the room, someone's chicken turns its head inside its cage.
walking courtside with her brother, someone holds a giant stick of cotton candy.
he sets one bag down, opens the screen door and heads inside.
she whips the curtains shut and someone plods over to the bedding with the dogs.
a moment later, the inspector runs to the bottom of the stairs and unleashes someone.
steeling himself, the bespectacled young man takes a breath.
leaving the table, someone falls down drunkenly.
green zone, street lights glow around the domed palace.
buster keaton sits on the coupling rod of a locomotive's wheels.
doubling back, he steps into the light as he finds his pupil entranced by the woman's practice.
the guesthouse, someone reclines and watches a program.
she clutches a branch for balance as he steps outside, flossing.
the pick-up pulls up beside them.
several yards away, someone crests a ridge at dogged run.
her eyes widen at the sight of a man holding a gift box.
the boy glares at his dad.
someone lays a hand on someone's back, gently ushering her through a doorway.
lawrence, peter o'toole extinguishes a match with his fingertips, silhouetted against the screen, someone watches.
the young operator walks by someone, who looks up from his desk.
as they drive away, someone peers through the back window seating between two agents.
catching sight of something, she digs around in the dirt and dry grass.
the shopkeeper turns his back on someone and walks out.
she turns away with a conniving smirk.
grabbing a bullhorn, someone steps out to meet the approaching destroyer.
she turns her back to him and cries.
he hits an alarm.
on another day, a taxi drives over the manhattan bridge.
red someone elbows him then stomps out the gunpowder once again.
a body lies at the door.
now, with someone's arm draped over her shoulders, someone helps him into her bedroom.
she photographs herself with it.
he ducks another, then slashes his attacker's masked mouth creating a spectacular spray of gore.
then walks out past someone.
we zoom through tennis courts, through a locker room, and into the gym.
someone lifts his gaze to someone's face.
sitting at a nurses desk.
someone walks out to the terrace.
she averts her dejected gaze.
someone salutes him, then stuffs them in his pocket.
someone does a raise the roof dance.
he nods to the audience then bows to someone.
someone arrives back on board.
the bird covers his beak with his wing.
now at the park, someone kicks a soccer ball while someone sits with someone on a bench.
someone checks his rear-view mirror again as someone gains on him.
lying back in the control seat, someone convulses.
someone reaches to someone but she pops up and dashes off to the bedroom.
trembling slightly he gently cups a hand to her check.
the kids notice their father's lingering gaze.
as someone watches her go, someone pulls up in someone's porsche boxster.
sitting at the bar, someone spots someone enter with his entourage.
a clean-cut man wearing suspenders swiftly moves after him toting a rifle.
as someone records him, someone leans the alien down in a dip.
now at someone's, someone lugs a suitcase while sister sits on the banquette twirling her hair in a daze.
as a woman inside approaches, someone lifts a shushing finger.
someone rocks his arms then sweeps his fingers into the air.
someone watches someone perform.
the rock-star holds him close then stands and steps away.
as he nears the group, someone lowers his gaze and someone and someone trade a look.
he approaches a cute young woman.
elsewhere, a road sign stands at the edge of a small town.
he hurls it back at astounding speed.
the sergeant glances past her and she turns.
she storms onto the set.
at home, someone bites down on a whole lemon.
someone catches someone's arm then flips him.
the two women hug.
the hero plummets, losing his grip on the bolt.
someone forces someone forward at gunpoint, as they proceed on the illuminated path from the vault.
behind him, the humvee cuts its headlights as well.
the guy wanders off.
someone clings to someone's boot as the herd runs alongside a bluff.
to a living room where the three visitors wait.
he shuffles over to someone's gun and sweeps it away as well.
as the underwater vessel pulls away, he grits his teeth and stretches his hands after it.
someone reaches toward the driver as the creature pulls someone out through the bus door, someone vomits.
someone despondently ends a call on his mobile.
from the porch, mama ronzoni looks in at the dog.
the couple heads down a walkway to a waiting taxi at the top of a hill.
a cowboy points his revolver and fires.
as he leaves, someone puts down the two slices of cake and self-consciously hides her thumb.
she places the bottles in her open suitcase lying on her twin bed.
eyeing the body, he chews his gum thoughtfully.
she pulls out a large metal dildo with a slight curve and a sizeable head.
getting up, someone finds his melon boobs pushed at his shoulders.
the drama teacher approaches someone.
the shelf below contains jewelry, knick-knacks, and a framed photo of him and someone.
someone taps her brother and they sit up.
someone's brow lifts and he bows his head.
approaching a large intersection, the kidnapper slows to a stop in the left turn lane.
then they trade phrases.
as the men escape into a transport, the mutant lodges a metal tool into ones back and pulls him out.
someone blinks, then looks at someone through half closed eyes.
someone encounters bullies.
disappearing briefly behind the spotlights and curtains, and reemerges in the auditorium.
the rider speeds off, his chopper trailing thick plumes of black smoke.
someone pushes off from the boat on his raft.
now in class she walks among her students with a box of folded slips of paper.
someone attacks him.
someone rockets upward.
someone autographs iron man photos.
as someone turns to shoot, someone sweeps his legs.
the probe darts out past him as he enters the chamber.
someone's mother smiles and shakes her head.
an aerial view shows the city at dawn.
later still, it drives beneath an overpass sign reading, welcome to atlantic city.
it shoots someone.
through its sight, he sees ghost rider approaching.
a breeze blows a few pages away.
trapped by the handcuffs, she plops onto the bed.
male models pose with sports items held in front of their flesh colored jockstraps.
bearing a resemblance to someone.
the car pulls through the gate of someone's family home.
the maelstrom tosses someone about like a toy and the bolt wrenches from his grasp.
the serpentine creature plunges into someone's mouth and forces its way down his throat.
then looks down at their clasped hands.
someone takes the orchid to someone's dressing room and knocks.
she lifts her cell phone.
they start tearing off each other's clothes.
he gives another smack.
snowy backs away from someone who clutches his own throat.
someone walks in to building 47 and turns on a flashlight.
single file, the penguins follow him inside.
someone looks on, dazed.
he checks out beauties on the quad.
someone strides to one and pushes a button.
he stops as he sees the envelope.
as the steps away we find wennerstrom listed on the sixth level.
back in hedestad, someone stands and faces him with a nonchalant wave.someone's suv travels down a curving path.
looking on, her mother gives an approving wink and nod.
she lifts the contract and highlights a line.
someone shoots the tire on someone's car which veers off the road and catches air over a decorative man-made lake.
the next shows the specky boy mouse returning home and finding the girl mouse in bed with a bearded mouse that wears a polo neck bib.
he eyes a building swell and sits up on his board.
wearing a pair of orange boxer shorts, someone picks up a piece of fruit from the coffee table and bites into it.
later in bed, someone lies curled up covering her eyes, beside her someone beams.
he gives a feeble shake of his head.
someone faces a man with a badge around his neck.
in her stocking feet, she slips on the floor and falls.
smiling at one another, they touch glasses then finished their drinks.
he unrolls a document and reads.
she pulls the jesus mouse out of his pocket.
holds his hand a foot apart.
two security agents enter from another door.
glares at him, then drops her gaze.
a girl spots him and he quickly ducks behind colorful hanging items.
staring at someone, the guard places the tray on a shelf attached to the cell door and leaves.
then shuts the door.
now someone stands by the suv composing a text message as someone sits buried inside
turning away, she sinks down to the floor.
steeling himself, he walks past the bullies.
she bows respectfully.
he points toward a nearby table covered with paperback books.
subtitles appear as he speaks.
spews fire and he takes cover again.
reaching out, she brushes his cheek with her finger.
she swallows, then raises her tender gaze to meet someone's.
he fires on the men, as his son crawls with someone across the floor.
in clear weather, he holds someone's ankles as the boy does handstand push-ups.
she races barefoot in front of traffic.
someone aims toward someone.
as he dangles a fish, nimrod trips out of the cheese drawer and waddles over.
his arms dangling over their rests.
she removes her mask and shower cap and holds her face.
someone walks on stage with his hands in his pockets leaving a clapping blonde woman behind.
down the road, lawmen aim rifles over the car's hood.
someone gives a relieved smile.
he forces a jolly grin.
the admiral and his men watch the unique aircraft pass by.
buster bounces on his forepaws and tosses his head.
lightning flashes in the darkest section.
and blissfully closes her eyes.
in the train station, a dirty boy with ratty hair and clothing glances at someone as he strolls past the toyshop.
putting an arm around him, he leans close.
he pats someone's cheek.
she reaches for the radio dial.
someone beats him at tennis on the wii.
as ray shoves her off, she grabs a bottle.
someone sets the heated cup on someone's side.
she shows a big slice of chocolate cake.
the creature pulls itself up, narrows its beady red eyes and roars.
as the retired firefighter catches his breath lying face down, someone remains standing.
juggling, someone lifts one leg behind him and catches a ball on his heel.
gets to his feet and shoots the bodyguard.
she slowly gets out of bed.
he keeps his hand on her chest.
someone exits the white sack and the hostage drops to the floor.
later they sit at a someone.
as the cops haul her off, the sergeant sets her abandoned shoes on his desk.
the boy, now older, plays an electric guitar.
later, as someone and someone look on, someone picks up a single piece of straw.
someone strokes someones face as the destroyer recedes into the distance.
he shows her a web video of a woman dunking her breasts in cake batter.
someone chases it, barreling around a corner
the little girl regards her father tenderly.
as someone continues across the lawn, more students pat his back.
someone gives someone an embarrassed look.
as someone watches from the transport, a rear door shuts, blocking his view.
he sneaks by.
someone stares at someone then smiles and takes his hand as they walk around a giant stack of books.
people hurry past someone as she strides out of the expo's main entrance and approaches someone.
papers fly out and swirl around the room.
now, he cooks an elaborate dish in a pan.
a car cruises down a street followed by the white truck.
someone receives the scissors and inspects them.
someone stares back at her fondly.
his friends grab him.
he snuffs the last one with his hand.
someone motions for her to come outside then presses his palms together and pleads.
the thief hurries up the foggy street.
someone gazes after him remorsefully.
he sips from his mug of champagne.
someone slaps his hand away.
he bows his head.
as someone draws, someone pulls his trigger.
just leaving someone as a black silhouette
day 266 flips back to day 191.
hoover shifts his resentful gaze and works his jaw.
the taxi departs as someone marches back to the cottage.
the cobra mirrors her, weaving left and right.
his cheeks flushed, someone lowers his humiliated gaze.
a holographic recording plays back.
he drives someone backward over a small ledge.
brushing past her, someone sulks off.
someone drops his gun.
one of the guys shoves him.
she takes off her dress then puts on another outfit.
now medics bandage someone's arm.
someone steps up to him.
they ride away.
someone goes to the keypad, enters the code, and goes inside.
the red-haired teacher and other students clap.
someone raises her hand.
a hand peels the evidence sticker off the pot.
someone glances up at him with a winsome pout.
her chest, finding a backpack, she slings it over her shoulder then jerks her gaze to the door.
he glances after her, then shifts his thoughtful eyes.
he floats us safely to the street and sets us down.
she replaces the porcelain lid.
frowning, someone takes up the paper and reads a headline.
and her shoulders wrapped in a knee length fur lined shawl.
it works its way up to his forehead.
someone lowers his binoculars.
in a police station, someone pulls it up on her computer.
she runs up to her room.
as he smiles, the tiger appears to his left facing away from us.
the younger man lifts his drink.
she points to both of them.
he tosses someone to the ground then leaps at him.
someone's teammates and fans get to their feet.
heinrich shoves the body out and drives on.
tears stream down someone's cheek.
someone arrives and takes her capsule.
struggling to peek over his shoulder, he turns in circles.
she raises her violin and bow.
someone' beady eyes peer downward, deep in thought.
upon her board and scans the ocean.
someone puts on his coat.
the vengeful creature flings someone to the road where he decomposes instantly.
he rises to his feet and eyes his gloved hands.
he watches her walk out, a hopeful smile on his face.
with a flick of his hand, he sends the coin flying as fast as an arrow.
someone and someone make their way through a tightly packed crowd of fans waving their arms overhead.
they step closer together.
someone throws blond off of him and looks up to see someone frowning.
in the study, the agent peeks through a gap between the bookcases and finds someone standing over someone.
someone spots a ledge and opening across the cauldron.
someone joyfully plants another kiss on his lips and takes a step back.
the couple listens in.
sir someone slides down a line toward the burning deck.
placing both hands on the thick stone lid, he pushes it open.
someone sits in a leather chair.
staying put, someone narrows his eyes.
as the two children watch, the puppets intertwine, seeming to cradle each other's heads.
she stuffs a second lobster in the pot, and returns to the bag for a third.
he stops and glances back.
as they round a corner, someone pauses and glances back at someone, then hurries off.
he climbs into bed.
he closes the fridge door, and walks away.
more sparks fly as the train begins to slide backward.
someone exits the palace.
someone lifts her up as the butcher stuffs another sack beneath her.
reaching a dimly lit corridor, someone turns to find two thugs lifting a large circular hatch on the floor.
he points again.
he leads little blackie away.
someone's brow furrows and he swallows nervously.
then watches the baby alien grow still.
someone grinds pepper onto the frittata.
he desperately claws at the bench but the water in the rocking boat sweeps him back to the stern.
someone faces the entrance and frowns.
she taps her name on the bottom of the inside dust jacket.
now someone and his partner open the door to find the nerds on their stoop.
but someone snatches his sword.
someone holds up a newspaper clipping.
hanging his head, the bird trudges away.
someone drops hers.
as she leaves the dealership, the band follows.
someone lies in his bed.
they playfully slap hands, then sit back down.
someone stoically spits some out.
someone obliviously sips his watered down wine.
the woman uses her phone.
he slams him down on the mat and raises his fist.
she draws another arrow, shoots again and pierces one of the hydra's eyes.
now, clouds drift fast across the sky as dawn breaks at a sped up pace.
someone follows at her heels.
she leads the colonel down a stairway onto an opulently decorated casino floor.
as he stares into it, vaporous flashes of blue light fill the air.
as she reads, a figure passes in the next room.
he caresses her corn silk hair.
she eats a candy bar.
in the border, the archer finds a child sized hand print beside that of a grown man.
holding back tears, someone separates from sister.
which evaporate in the nighttime air.
a woman joins them.
he licks his lips and faces his teacher.
he talks on the phone.
the dog, snowy, sits and watches the crowd.
she pauses and faces her guest.
his wings burst out of his jersey.
someone meets her gaze and his expression softens wearily.
someone cock his arm back.
someone notices, then dashes with his partner into the hotel kitchen.
he forms the bowl.
the tattoo faced monk swings his sword.
two huge, gleaming, red doors open, each studded from top to bottom with domed gold caps.
she hangs her head.
ahead in line, someone now sporting a buzz cut spots him.
as he walks away someone glances at another soldier,
in the tub, stinky glances at rising water bubbles.
she leans back to peer around the statue.
with his lips pressed in a solemn line someone gives a respectful nod.
someone tosses out her ice cream dish, then browses the sunglasses stand.
and sets it atop the plane's controls.
she fails to notice him and he moves on sullenly.
someone sits up, his hair disheveled.
someone tears off someone's cape and two discs from his breastplate.
someone flips to the next page and reads,
now, as a hawaiian airlines jet takes off, the image dissolves to the map of hawaii with a dashed line leading from oahu to kauai.
someone stands between the two men and places his hands on their shoulders.
someone holds in a giggle.
someone glares at someone as someone approaches chelsea.
the thief taps another man on the shoulder, then reaches into his breast pocket as he turns.
the kidnapper stares at the driver, then glances back.
now, from underwater, we gaze up at the silhouetted naked forms of someone and someone as they swim side by side.
he looks up with a furrowed brow at the sizable vent cover
the weary young man feels his wounded brow.
now, someone hurries out of the office and steps into an elevator.
he reaches out but she looks up.
the trunk pops open and they reach in for their bags.
someone gently slides her hands down her sister's ponytail.
mama watches her remove her sunglasses.
someone stops the car and takes out his keys.
someone makes a sharp right turn onto a dirt road.
someone lip syncs as someone grabs the mic and a tambourine.
the curtain parts and someone walks out wearing a tuxedo.
dropping the flag, he dashes over a hill.
with an amused smile, someone shakes his head and leaves.
she leans towards the door and listens.
someone takes out a revolver.
someone squints at the passing city
at a window, someone lifts the grated lid from a wooden radiator encasement.
he recoils as she barfs on his desk.
someone watches the ashes mix with the water, then glances at his daughters.
he scans his wrist.
someone lowers his troubled gaze and someone steps away.
he rounds a corner and steps out of view.
the hunter reaches in his pocket, but finds no more grain.
he sits and types on his computer
she releases the weapon, catches it in her other hand, and points at him again.
tucked among the trees follows the group.
friday afternoon, someone opens a greeting card that reads, "to my granddaughter, you're my pocket full of sunshine."
he takes another look at his sister who sleeps soundly atop the covers, fully clothed.
someone and someone run out.
his gray-haired customer gives an uncertain look.
clutching her left arm and breathing heavily, she notices a crate of garlic.
holloway shoves back his hood.
someone strains to regain her composure.
someone's bag is at reception.
stuck to it was sticking plasters
as he settles under the covers, someone watches with tender thoughtful eyes.
someone pushes someone behind him.
someone stops and takes someone's briefcase from him.
as he leans over her shoulder, the fountain pen poised, someone gives him a look.
as someone struggles to maneuver it into the water,
someone opens the passenger door.
someone stares at someone who dismounts and tumbles to the ground.
someone makes a sandwich.
as he draws near, we find him aged and distinguished.
then runs his fingers back into his hair, and covers his eyes with his palms.
he shoulder bumps someone.
he ambles toward her.
in the toilet, she bangs her head against the dryer.
someone walks up wearing a raincoat over a shimmering silver shirt dress.
flapping her wings, angel scans the deck.
someone carries a takeout bag and two coffees up a stairwell.
someone adverts her wounded gaze.
leaving only three left on the branch.
someone spots him in a mirror.
someone gapes proudly.
she flies up to a map of the world and touches her wand to a location over eastern europe.
the total is $3,212,655,732.
he picks up a rifle.
he sees the delivery guy.
he watches the boy.
with both hands, he grabs someone by the throat, then lifts him off his feet and breaks his neck.
someone watches the video drinking.
as they near a bend in the path, someone's father gives him a playful shove.
she opens the email of the baby announcement and stares at the infant's photo.
she leads them into the sitting room where someone sets up a projector.
she crosses the porch.
now at home, he types out the first words of an essay entitled,
as the gang limo leaves, the undercover cops race into the lot.
he bends down and leans over her, his fingers lingering on her brow.
he rubs his stubble chin with his thumb.
someone grabs his arm at the wrist and elbow.
standing beside someone, major allen and another man watch as someone removes the chest plate from the suit, then takes out the glowing arc reactor.
she stands by a monument.
it hits an invisible mass.
he turns over his shoulder and sees someone.
then gives hades an apologetic smile.
the camera resumes in a bathroom.
pretty, dark-haired someone watches him with her arms folded.
the agent fearfully ducks out of sight, then steels herself and peers back in.
someone frantically packs away his headphones and opens a book.
now they bounce up and down on a crowded dance floor.
from above, someone's face breaks the water's surface.
they jump on the couch and turn on the tv.
pulling back out, someone almost hits a passing truck.
leaning closer, it eyes the weary man.
someone stares at him, his brow knitted.
as she eats, someone stares off with a distant look.
the scooters total is less than four.
she peers out her window then lowers her gaze to her zena warrior princess comic.
she points at the waves.
someone struggles futilely to free himself, then eyes his rapidly depleting balance.
someone pours soda into his glass, then takes a sip through a straw.
he vanishes within the thick, jungle growth.
upside down now, the creature clings to the underside of the ice as it races directly beneath someone and the others, as they leap over widening cracks in the unstable terrain.
meanwhile on a rooftop, a bald man escorts someone and someone to the military grade chopper.
stacks of crates fill both sides of the car.
the inspector stands still and stares at the floor.
he sees some robed monks.
beyond a steaming wok over a fire pit, slaughtered animal carcasses hang from hooks.
the life preserver crowns it and three long handled oars criss-cross out from it.
he leaps straight up then dangles over the stage with someone clinging to his leg.
elsewhere, a proboscis monkey rubs its dangling, bulbous nose.
he sits with them.
tears flood someone's eyes as she retrieves her bag from the bench.
he gives his mother an anguished look, his brow creased.
someone glances at the necklace then wipes his mouth with a paper napkin
he moves into the living room then walks down a hallway.
facing the mirror again, he peers at his beady bloodshot eyes.
two more mice are posed with their hands in each other's back pockets.
she asked if you have something vegetarian.
his hands clenching her waist.
wide-eyed, someone looks around.
someone looks at the wolf.
they reach their car.
frowning, someone nervously shifts his eyes.
someone arrives with a dress.
the newcomer quickly cocks his weapon.
he shoots a bullet into the flamethrower tank.
in slow motion, he releases the clips from his guns, turns to the counter behind him, and pounds the handles over new ammo clips.
someone walks down a hotel corridor, with someone holding a can of coca cola.
someone bites down on a cigar.
someone crawls to the boy, and straps him back in his seat.
as someone steps away, someone lingers thoughtfully.
the racecars speed through the city, passing through a tunnel and by tall buildings.
someone grins as someone snaps his photo.
she halts in the kitchen, her weary gaze cast downward.
the windows show a field.
someone resumes her work.
reaching out his hand, he pulls her up off the floor.
pressing her lips together, someone allows a warm amused smile.
now at a bakery, someone makes notes at a table.
someone wears a catcher's mask and pad
she warps her arms around him.
he crosses the floor between two service counters quickening his pace as he nears the back.
she turns the box of chocolates to face someone.
tears glistened in someone's eyes.
later, still submerged, the grieving son buries his face in his hands.
throughout the cafeteria, students dance together and clap their hands.
someone pouts, his eyes glistening.
his eyes blink open and he gets his bearings.
she grins sweetly at him.
leaning close to someone, someone wheels around and leaves with someone.
a blonde woman gets strangled in a restroom.
she instinctively jerks her hood up over her head
it reads, buy at the esso sign for happy motoring.
now a date appears.
he glances at the boy through the open doors, then studies his robotic movements over his shoulder.
it shows someone posing with his wife and son, surrounded by greenery.
someone glances away.
computer screens flicker as technicians scurry about.
shifting uneasily, someone tucks some hair behind one ear.
their car pulls up to a curb.
as he takes a sip, she plucks the straw fedora off his head and tries it on herself.
a soldier steps out.
they head back to the car.
now in the new house, someone stands alone in the middle of an unfinished room.
she takes someone's hand and leads him off the stage.
then beats a fist on his chest.
chuckling, someone approaches the warriors.
now, in a tent, someone taps excess water off the dagger and carefully proceeds to shave with it.
someone heaves a breath.
the van stops short.
his opponent smiles sympathetically and the pixie-faced girl giggles.
someone looks at someone and smiles.
on the train, someone sets her box aside, then takes out a magazine and flips through it.
a tall blond woman arrives.
onstage, the dancers finish their number to the delight of a packed house.
someone gets up and leaves the room.
his time runs out.
on the russian ship, an officer suddenly lifts his head.
the sharp perspective canvas shows six rows of plates each holding a slice of cake or pie identical to the others in its row.
someone runs over as someone climbs out of the limo.
sniffing it, he recoils.
someone bows his head, avoiding someone's gaze.
someone watches from his bed.
someone screams as the coin disappears into someone's skull.
darkness envelopes the climbers.
at the obstacle course, someone mimes using invisibility spray then amnesia dust.
someone cocks the rifle.
smiling wondrously in its midst,
she brushes her hair out of her face.
back at the crater, a man carrying a six-pack of beer trudges near two women sitting on a picnic blanket.
a security camera captures the moment.
as an old man yawns, someone casually catches the cork before it enters his mouth.
they exchange a look and someone faces someone.
a view from the front door shows a flatbed truck carry timber past an excavator.
the young man follows him down into the ditch.
he self-consciously lifts a finger signaling her to wait.
now, someone finds someone gripping the spear in his own gut.
someone wraps a blanket around his shivering shoulders and laughs with someone.
several fallen men.
he tries to climb on top of the raft but it rolls under his weight.
as the rooster hops onto a table, someone cringes.
he gestures inside.
who lowers her unhappy gaze.
someone stares up at him earnestly.
rounding a corner, she faces a wall with an exposed wooden frame.
with a baffled look, someone tilts his head.
someone rides his new mountain bike down the road.
rolling up his sleeves he takes a seat at his desk and straightens the pile of homework.
later, the zoo staffers bang on buckets, pots, and pans.
left alone, someone gazes at her picturesque house.
someone raises his beer to his lips.
someone's brow glistens with sweat as he stands at mr.
someone takes a bite.
her smile gone, someone shifts her uneasy gaze.
someone searches the room for her boss and spots her on a phone call.
he talks on a speaker phone.
it rises and the probe soars through.
spinning someone as they run by.
they fire repulsor blasts, which meet where someone stands and form a fiery ball that explodes.
he again gazes at the ceiling.
the gangster finds another bulletin board and scans its postings.
they watch their leis floating beside the boat, bobbing on the surface.
someone tucks his lips into his mouth and bites them gently.
across the street, a woman with dark brown hair looks on.
later, a couple bows ceremoniously to her and her husband,
in his room, someone lies on his loft bed, his back to the door and his eyes closed.
someone glances over at someone who shrugs.
as the checkpoint bar rises, the black sedans enter the restricted area beneath the rooftop snipers.
with an exasperated look, he heads to the door.
without facing her, someone waves and disappears inside.
someone's brow furrows and she continues sorting through her friend's belongings.
someone tries to put one in a bucket.
someone jumps up from the sofa they've been sitting on and walks off.
he operates it successfully and a door rises before him.
shifting his eyes, he sees someone and his friends staring at them.
someone turns and walks off.
she glances over her shoulder.
they study the retrieved scroll.
later wearing welding goggles, someone welds pieces of metal together.
the silver-haired editor lifts his brow.
she looks at someone's penis through 3d glasses.
then pulls it open.
the informant climbs out of his car.
pauses and waves at the departing couple.
the girls read.
someone shoves the kids back down on the bed.
she follows him.
she shakes his hand.
later, someone serves popcorn to his family as they snuggle under blankets in front of the television.
then tosses it in the bin.
someone grabs a sheet of paper and spies someone opening his door.
she rests her head against his shoulder and closes her eyes.
she gives him an angry gape.
a maid sees harriet step outside.
in the sky, a rising sun breaks over a rapid swirl of clouds.
someone turns to the woman at her table.
the kidnapper keeps his eyes on the pump as someone spots the man and desperately waves her arms.
inside, the criminals run out, leaving their hostages behind.
in the school auditorium, a pre-teen boy plays the piano, his fingers moving nimbly over the keys.
as someone's men burst in after her, she races down a balcony.
seen from inside, she shifts in her seat.
the stage performers mirror them.
later still, a teen soprano performs as her fellow students heckle her.
he pulls out his own duke university diploma, then makes a call on his cell.
her smile fades.
she films him.
someone's face grows smug and he winks at someone.
someone lowers him into the pool.
she blogs.
now in a cool blue reception area, someone paces in front of a sign emblazoned with a colombia logo.
he steers himself toward an unfinished skyscraper.
someone leads someone up a staircase which emerges by the mouth of the pit.
wearing sunglasses, someone tugs on her own fingers.
underwater, a flurry of bubbles rises.
someone passes the deejay on his way upstairs.
now, at the millennium offices someone, someone, and their colleagues watch a news report.
someone makes a call.
he fixes his tie.
we glimpse the ceiling opening up over the crescent shaped ship.
someone goes to a table, and puts down her things.
he goes to meet her.
the mother shakes her head then bursts into tears.
he leans close and gives a taunting smile.
he salutes someone.
he crosses the room and selects a book from a cart, then puts it down and opens a thicker volume beside it.
taking them, she curtly drops them on the table as she heads out of the room.
someone blocks his punch, then grabs him by the jaw, forcing his mouth open.
the timer ticks past five.
the others peer through the window at him.
the boys unlocked the seat belt and help someone down.
the black car rolls up and parks between an abandoned building and the railroad tracks, about 20 feet away from someone's car.
the man lowers his weapon.
she breathes on someone's crotch.
our view pulls back to encompass the landscape, which includes lush trees and rolling hills.
someone buries her head in a cushion then sits upright.
someone stares at the glowing clock ticking down his own body's time.
a sleeping man rolls on top of someone, but he shoves him off.
someone buries his face in his mitt.
someone's mouth creases as she stares at him remorsefully.
he walks his hands up the stick toward someone's.
stepping forward, someone someone gobbles it.
christian smiles, then begins to dance with him.
she flips down her visor and returns to the battle.
a view through a cafe window shows someone seated at a table by herself.
the mutant materializes next to an agent and forces him to fire into the room.
watching from the truck, someone smiles.
someone spears the ceiling fan.
at the apartment, someone turns on a light in the coat closet.
someone's profile grows blurry as the view focuses on the radio beyond.
someone removes the orb from the tower, then looks around.
releasing his grip, someone falls into outer space toward a swirling cloud of flashing gas.
someone picks up her cellphone.
someone cuts more lines of coke.
now a young woman enters the apartment.
he presses a few buttons.
meanwhile, someone kicks an agent in the face sending him toppling down a ladder into his teammates.
someone smiles and claps as he goes on stage.
she shoots him a repulsed look then reaches into his pants.
the gray door opens and he steps out.
someone sinks to her knees and catches her breath.
someone eyes the horizon as he steers the plane through rough air.
someone throws down a pair of headphones.
later, still chained together, someone and someone waddle onto a bus.
she raises her window.
someone claps a hand to her mouth.
someone watches her wave the wand over his colleague.
now, on the street, someone's car doors shut.
the front of the board bounces through the breaking wave as they emerge safely.
the meeting room is behind a studio.
someone works her hands up her body to her hair.
looking back, he flashes a complex set of hand signals.
someone offers a tender smile.
below, someone and his men recover from their collision.
shakes his head and sits down.
someone stands by the door.
bundled up with her hood over her head
then lifts the grate and feeds her rifle inside.
someone hangs the tire from a rope on a tree.
someone cuts the van's ignition.
he smacks someone on the back of the head.
as someone swaggers off the mat, he glares at someone on the sidelines.
someone bursts out of the bridge with someone in pursuit.
he caresses her lips with his thumb.
he seizes the camera.
mackenzie sees someone singing on the phone.
she wanders into the middle of the taped off area, glances around then faces him.
someone crosses to a window, pulls the drapes aside a few inches and peers out.
a slack-jawed someone shakes his head admiringly.
someone drops a coffee mug.
as we revolve around her, we recognize someone's high cheekbones and bee-stung lips.
two aliens pick through the garbage.
now, journalists crowd a press conference.
someone takes out a ceramic dish full of condoms.
an engineer smiles as he takes notes.
now the girls run from a pack of zombies.
in the morning, someone transfers scrambled eggs from a pan onto a plate with toast.
as he points at the canvas covered section at the bow of the boat,
as someone kneels over someone, someone addresses the other mutant
peering at the green tipped board, he glides a hand over its lemon yellow body, appreciating the curves of its design.
loaded with weapons, someone leads someone inside.
outside, in the adaiah district, two of someone's armed followers guard the gated garage door.
she looks at him earnestly.
someone looks at a ceiling vent.
the american starts to go, but the bullies surround him.
the green light from their body clocks glows in the water.
holloway kisses someone's head.
day 35 rolls forward to day 303, and the lift door opens revealing a despondent, disheveled someone.
reaching a grated cover, she peers down at a male prisoner asleep in his cell.
she looks across the room.
someone rolls his neck and sits up straight.
someone turns and staggers toward the observatory, his feet sliding on the slick bridge as tors of brilliant energy swirl around the building.
someone lies inside the trunk with the driver's body pressed against her back.
entering a stylish apartment, someone walks a hall to a spacious living room with a comfy sitting area and a baby grand piano.
the models remove the car's tires.
in a nock encased by tall rock formations, someone and someone lie between two blankets.
someone gestures bashfully.
someone crouches down beside a conscious someone as dr.
someone marches down the hallway, her head bowed.
a confused someone holds someone's letter with both hands as she observes the anxious activity.
eyeing a water tower behind someone, someone shuts his eyes.
later, the companions enter the foyer.
as someone repeatedly slams into walls, the entire building collapses.
he makes repeated efforts, smashing her ankle until a bone juts out.
someone runs his finger along a few of the lines and presses the engraved dots.
then morphs into someone, someone, and someone.
the two boys circle each other slowly.
a birds-eye view shows the can about ten yards from someone's raft sending out gentle ripples over the current-less sea.
the mustached gangster leans in closer.
two massive crystals jutting out at opposite angles, and each emitting a bluish glow.
the boy in blue steps onto the platform, followed by his crimson-clad opponent.
worker dumps his bucket of lettuce over a waist-high wall and into the pit.
on stage someone points one finger skyward.
someone raised his sword, but someone unveils the casket and opens it.
someone leads someone down a dark corridor.
as the fat man reaches into the sack, blue paint explodes in his face.
sliding someone even closer to the whirring propeller.
the meters needle jumps to
he's in his 60s and wears black-rimmed specs.
it yanks him off his feet then drags him to the flaming skeleton.
we see someone sitting in a red tinted bathtub.
its long side window shows mr.
in the yard, someone kicks the can through someone's widespread legs.
someone's legs kick wildly as he hangs by only a few springs.
someone looks her up and down.
now the silver hatchback emerges from the tunnel on the mountainside road.
he writes on a chalkboard.
tucked inside the brown paper, he finds a cheerful drawing of a smiling sun wearing shades.
someone takes out a cigarette lighter and tries to ignite it.
now a woman exits the shop.
a longhaired surfers claws at the air as a beastly octopus clenches him with a tentacle.
her gaze darts as she arches her brow, affecting an air of indifference.
smeared in dirt, someone grins as he crawls over to them.
someone halts and walks back toward them.
he strokes the top of it with his thumb,
cutting through a slope blanketed with vegetation.
it shows a petite blonde surgeon.
someone pinches someone.
someone carefully unrolls the scroll as the aid looks on behind him.
in a monitoring room, one screen goes dark.
someone accepts the paddle and faces a paunchy man in an old tank top.
someone plucks the imaginary dart from his neck.
he finds the elegant dishware unbroken on the table.
the bare chested champion faces baer.
someone passes the decompression chamber.
gathering himself, he sniffs, flaring his nostrils.
someone joins the band, playing a tambourine, but someone fails to notice her.
the bus glides away to reveal someone alone on the shelter bench.
he puts his shirt on.
someone begins to change as he races through the warehouse's abandoned rooms.
the president helps his mentor to his feet, then they both remain hunched over, catching their breath.
he swallows and shuts his eyes.
in his dim work area, someone attaches a whip to one of the arms for his armored suit.
he places both palms on the transparent structure.
the drones each raise one arm.
he kicks a guard.
he muses slack-jawed.
the van drives off.
the sleazy man opens his cell.
the women gawk.
prawn someone wears a hospital gown and scrub bottoms as he races over a hill beside the highway, and darts behind the backs of two guards.
she pulls someone away.
an overhead view shows people crowding through the stadium entryway.
now in a desert, someone holds out his jefferson mule.
as the man reaches for his gun, the door swings open and someone leaps out.
sitting at a sunlit desk, someone hunches over a sketchbook and shades in the woman's hair.
her classmates stare, and the chef approaches.
a series of images show someone and someone having sex on numerous occasions.
she adds two more.
someone slowly approaches her, his mouth slightly agape.
the man wears a suit with a collar open, and is staring intently at his cell phone.
a worker checks a helicopter, and soldiers gear up.
passing the restaurant, he doubles back and reads a new illuminated sign in the window.
some at picnic tables, others standing around chatting.
someone unbuckles his seat belt.
he quickly takes off his white coat and wraps it around the half-naked woman.
it shows a pixie-faced blue-eyed brunette and reads, the best view on the sunset strip.
she grabs one end of the cloth.
the bathroom door opens, revealing someone with a cap tipped over his eyes.
he follows her inside.
outside, the hooded monks stand in a circle.
on the field, they put all their hands in the middle.
as someone winds up to throw the ring, she interjects.
someone checks his eyes.
someone lands between the railcars in a tangle of chains.
someone blinks at her, his lips parted in a discouraged expression, then glances at the eagles.
from across the room, the two women of different eras hold each other's gaze.
it rots in someone's hand.
he is running down the stairs.
someone addresses his new associates.
she pads across the floor to a water cooler and fills a clear plastic cup.
he joins them.
she walks over to the banquette and sits down.
the trap door opens.
the waiter steps away.
someone faces someone in the middle of the room.
swallowing, someone watches someone's finger tap deliberately against his leg.
a brawl breaks out in the club.
onboard, automated doors open to reveal a trim blond man in a gray jumpsuit.
he drops his bag.
taking out the balcony and the soldiers along with it.
she pulls a slip of paper from her bra.
later, troopers lead someone, now handcuffed, into a large room inside the base.
coming out of the shed, he gazes after someone.
he shrugs and looks down.
he glances at the cruiser but sees no movement.
his friend grabs his left behind phone off the table and makes a call with it.
cringing, he reverts to a human face.
now he takes someone to a dog shelter.
someone stares at him worriedly, then faces
in the hall they encounter a coach.
meanwhile, someone drives after the convoy in a dusty suv, her chin lowered in a determined stare.
someone fresh from taking a shower, exits the bathroom.
lowering his gaze, he turns to face him.
its vapor edge forms fanciful bulges and dips across the blueness green vegetation blankets a mountain range.
someone slowly approaches someone as she takes a sip of wine.
it's blocked.
behind him, the front door opens, and the couple enters.
someone whacks the ball and scores on his paunchy opponent.
smiling, someone faces someone.
someone ambles past someone.
someone shoots back.
later, inside, someone gently leads a silver-haired woman by the hand.
someone has a drag.
someone turns revealing his soft features and bee-stung lips.
she glances at the body-bag, as he guides her into the backseat of a patrol car and closes the door.
at hongking hospital, someone bumps into a nurse.
someone writes on the window.
the sheriff and his men ride into town.
someone crawls over and presses his lips to one.
someone bites her lip and her gaze drifts to someone.
someone monitors the conversation.
she stalks off.
now, someone conducts an interview in a western hotel suite.
the glass panels in the roof shatter, showering down on the audience as people run off.
on stage, someone steps aside as a spotlight illuminates a curtain.
later, people celebrate the explorers with a parade and a statue in their honor.
someone remains below, staring up after them.
turning around, the murderer leans on the roof.
one girl friend rubs her back.
someone sets a pick and someone dribbles around him.
the van approaches.
a waitress brings the check.
from a pipette, a droplet falls onto the jelly which ripples and bubbles up.
as she leaves she takes a call from someone, who limps between a warehouse and an empty lot.
at the malfunctioning gate, someone struggles with the key and the lock.
someone reaches for it, but someone retracts it and feeds it to her himself.
the mirror shows him peering through the eyepiece.
the athlete looks away, his chest heaving.
he punches him again.
someone reappears at the screen door.
someone tears off a chunk of root and inspects the light pink center within its dark green outer shell.
someone descends the stairs in a flowing white gown of layered tulle.
someone walks off, someone eyes a war map tacked to the back of the tent.
someone smiles briefly, but avoids his gaze.
the urn's side depicts the fighting sorcerers.
someone studies the coin and shakes his head.
the gifted teen surfs along its face, trailing his fingertips through the green water.
someone stares straight up at the sky then pulls a blanket snug over someone,
he aims his rifle at the wounded outlaw who lies on his back.
someone leaps out, steals a cab, and speeds back toward someone.
now someone stops her motorcycle in a rental car company's parking lot.
shrugging her brow, she smirks.
a grizzled man finds it, but the animal flees
he sits among the greatly diminished headcount.
now someone and someone enter a shop.
someone stares up at puffy white clouds.
someone backs off, seething at the corrupt official.
someone marches off.
someone tips the glass up for him, forcing him to drain it.
someone adds hers, and someone tops it.
someone embraces someone as he rubs her back.
someone gets a photo message showing someone with someone.
wearing a skimpy biker-themed costume, she heads toward the stage.
his date knocks back a shot.
the train car's thick door blows of its hinges and flies into the air, then lands and sticks into the ground behind someone.
someone helps the shorter someone to his feet.
through blurred vision, someone sees ken leaning to the side in his seat, as he is dragged out.
she puts on her bra.
the attendant gestures for her to approach.
she hugs someone, who looks past her with a worried expression.
at night, a man with broodingly handsome features gets out of a parked car.
the clerk grins.
he takes a small cigar from his mouth.
as she acrobatically makes her way down to a terrace, the brawny gunman spots her from the rooftop.
he wears his coat as he feeds the penguins.
he smiles as he looks at the surrounding mass of water.
she takes out her laptop computer, places it on a desk, then plugs it into an outlet.
he shrugs his brow.
the scene in front of him fades to someone's hospital room, where our view edges closer to the back of his head
someone finds the bearded wavy haired nobleman addressing him and steps closer.
she winks at him and they head out.
he enters a long shadowy hallway and looks around.
someone stares at him as he takes a puff.
someone and someone are taken aback.
someone peers outside with the soft daylight shining on her face.
in his garage someone trims someone's hair.
he lifts the dishrag covering his genitals and dabs at his mouth.
now she visits someone who paces.
someone bashes someone on the head with a boulder, knocking him unconscious.
someone bangs the stick.
he cartwheels.
someone fires a machine gun hitting the sidecar.
someone gives a childish nod.
pouring two drinks someone notices the empty slot in his knife block.
she picks up a hawk.
someone leaps out of the way as someone's whips strike gasoline pooling around the car.
as the 30 foot monster starts to break, the group paddles up and over it in the someone of time.
kneeling on the raft, he quickly collects his tools as the agitated surface intensifies beneath him.
she takes another swipe at her mouth, then freezes
someone and the others retreat as strong winds whip up loose someone.
he glares at his phone then looks up.
from behind the door, we watch as she moves the flashlight across the mantle.
he points at the mohawked camper's brightly painted van.
around a corner, men load items into the back of a truck.
someone grabs a handful of straws and has a big slurp of the chocolate milkshake.
someone watches with a heaving chest.
someone tears up.
she takes it from its bag and holds it up with a frown.
looking around, he moves to a coin operated washing machine and starts a load.
someone leans backward and tilts her head.
meanwhile, someone jumps a fence for a ride of swings gliding around in a circle.
someone raises her hand, then lowers it
glancing into the racecar's side mirror, he watches someone approach from behind.
he glances at his computer.
a flashback shows her in bed.
the door and points a gun
he ducks aside with his rifle and covers someone's advance.
he bolts up as she enters.
at the gathering, someone finds someone and her mother at a table.
inside, someone approaches the front desk.
he turns around and teeter-totters his open hands as he weighs options.
back on the other side of the grassy ridge, wild flowers blanket the field between us and the distant someone.
in someone's fat suit, he hurries down a staircase,
she tearfully grabs her purse and gets up.
someone rips off his mask.
now someone approaches two caged mastiffs.
someone sits motionless as gentle firelight glows on her listless face.
someone climbs stairs to the neck deck and slides on his bare feet again.
they lounge in bed.
he looks down at her diamond ring
an enormous saucer shaped craft hovers just above the rim of the falls.
someone smiles then makes her face go slack and tilts her head sideways.
someone takes a picture.
the mnu transport arrives, followed by an armored pickup.
he crawls out through the secret opening,
someone goes over and taps him on the shoulder.
he looks into her eyes and shakes his head.
leaning forward, she sees him with his ring finger in his mouth.
she follows him as he walks away.
they watch the club entrance.
he turns and she strikes him in the face knocking him to the tile floor.
someone climbs to his feet and jumps through the chaos.
the grizzled, middle-aged russian notes her diamond wedding ring.
someone makes her way up some stairs, toward a platform.
shedding his jacket and shoes, someone dives into the water.
with his gun at her back, he shuffles her past a timed out woman lying in the street.
glancing over his shoulder.
someone closes her window again.
later at pleasure pizza, someone exits the back door with his bike.
someone jams her arm in the doors to stop them from closing.
he sets the meal on a table for someone.
she waves up at a patio where someone brings his brother a beer.
reverse cowgirl on his lap smiling dreamily.
someone lowers her worried gaze, sets down her rifle, and heads off.
across the hay-strewn courtyard, someone's husband corrals a pig with a stick.
the actors jab at the dragon with their prop weapons.
as someone faces someone.
the radio plays a news report.
he peers through the clock's open numbers at a toy shop below.
she calls for you in her sleep.
now she reaches a window of a fire escape.
he begins to sink downward.
staring off, someone slowly shakes her head.
she grabs her phone, a message from someone reads, "call me."
someone falls motionless.
someone carries in two full martini glasses and sits with him on the bed.
someone smiles and spreads her arms as he rejoins her.
his clock counts up to 1100 years and one second.
someone approaches a bystander.
someone stares with determined eyes as he speeds toward the barricade.
someone reaches over.
and the silhouettes of the dormant rides loom before them.
the tall, young man lifts his fiance into his arms.
someone hugs him back and gives him a pat, as they stand in the center of the vacant arena.
she finds someone seated across from her.
meanwhile, someone lies strapped to a bed in a white hospital room.
someone turns to her coworker.
facing a city on the horizon, someone checks his clock.
looking away, he puts on a smile.
later they play virtual table tennis.
someone walks off, a tail stuck to his bum.
then reach the threshold and pause.
raises his hand, pinches his fingertips together,
someone stops him then looks back down at his wrist.
as she embraces her, a horrified look crosses his face.
a waiter starts to clear the table.
he picks up an old newspaper's front page.
inspired by true events.
she steps into its dim cockpit.
sitting on his board, someone turns as someone sits up next to him.
as someone watches, the boy crouches, then launches his foot upward.
he lights the rug.
the worker stops spreading towels over loungers and leaves.
someone glances at someone, who grins at mr.
the seats stop moving.
meanwhile, someone eyes two brass sculptures flanking a fireplace.
someone picks up the cards and trudges slowly out of the office.
sliding his father's hand to cup the back of his neck.
later, the bankers head lies upside down in a grave.
the plank, and someone hits the floor unconscious.
as someone reaches his horse, someone approaches.
flywheels and belts turn an axle.
someone takes a t-shirt from a gift bag.
the warriors stop at the edge of a cliff as one of the beast's clawed hands reaches up in front of them.
he points to some open land.
ina photograph, people wear elaborate costumes.
meanwhile, in the corridor, one of the guards stoops to peer at a film of frost spreading across the floor.
finding an exit door, someone props it open with a box.
as he leads them on, someone curiously shines her flashlight at the etched stone walls.
the agent ducks out of sight, then cautiously ventures in.
her gaze meets someone's.
someone takes out the tactical team.
the bully spots someone and nods.
as her father leaves, someone joins them.
someone ignores it.
he wears a bashful smile.
the transformation is accelerating, you do not have much time.
in another corridor, metal doors blow apart in a burst of flames.
someone returns the kid's backpack, then straightens the chair.
as she heads down a staircase, she eyes the lounge's stage through a window.
someone perches on the side of the car, his gun raised.
a tear slides down her cheek.
someone bangs her stick again.
someone gazes after him lovingly as someone tosses down a paper.
we descend the facade of an academic building to the front steps.
someone reaches into the trunk and hands him a sawed-off shotgun.
bystanders tread toward the passenger side of the suv as someone slips out the driver's side.
in her bedroom someone picks up her vibrating cell phone and sees an incoming call from doug.
turning away, she lowers the fan and shimmies.
someone and the veterans perform turtle rolls, flipping their boards on top of them and punching through safely to the other side.
the door swings open, revealing someone.
he allows an impressed smile.
he throws his bottle in the air.
he sets the phone in its cradle then faces the food cooking in the pan.
the animals gallop by.
with a panoply of stars strewn across the sky behind them,
and exchange a glance.
four security cameras show fast-motion footage of someone getting worked on.
someone's jaw tightens in a repressed scowl.
a waitress stops at their table.
the girl who wants the ring
someone blows out the candles on the cake which has the painting the creation of someone by michelangelo.
outside the theater, someone digs a box of matches from his pocket and takes one out.
someone places the triangle inside an arc reactor.
he convulses, then falls back with his arms and legs sprawled.
seated close to each other, someone and someone stare into the flames with listless expressions.
someone gives him a hammer and lets him smash it to pieces.
he carries her shoes past the
someone drinks a glass of beer at a bar and chats to a friend.
later, the teen enters his dark house.
nearby, a naked man hanging upside down shows no sign of life.
someone pins him.
someone tried
someone spots a news van.
as they slowly withdraw, someone opens his eyes and lets down his hands.
the boy grudgingly plops down on a stool and glowers up at someone.
two fairy assistant go to grab the dog.
as someone maintains the graceful pose, master someone stares.
as the vampire runs up ahead, someone mounts one of the horses.
he pours the rubbing alcohol on his neck wound, then grimaces and shakes his head.
someone bends to grab it, but someone kicks his hands away.
he glances at the boy.
then affects a cool recovery.
outside, someone passes in and out of light as he treads forward.
as he glances toward someone, she looks away.
someone holds an austin powers doll.
a heart monitor shows a flat line.
someone draws a deep breath.
now, someone plays piano.
someone nods faintly, then screws his jaw to one side.
someone takes aim at him.
now someone watches from her bedroom window, as someone walks to a waiting taxi, and hands her bags to the driver.
he gestures at his chunky build.
someone pushes someone into a chair.
beside them, someone looks on proudly.
someone gazes down at the necklace in his hand, and closes the locket.
the archer stands stiff as she unbuttons a clasp at this throat.
meanwhile someone listens on her phone.
now he carries the ax over his shoulder as someone leads him through the woods.
a parachute releases from his backpack.
outside, he hurries upstairs and jogs across a shadowy bridge.
someone's in his dressing room on the phone.
as someone pulls out the small bundle, someone drives into view.
they walk into the station.
with a cold scowl, he turns to face the stranger.
she wipes away tears as he steps over to her.
the bearded man's bottom lip quivers as the nazi officer opens the box and peers inside, his face illuminated by a bright blue light.
someone follows, only steps behind.
he gives someone a look.
the boy in the cap hauls someone to his feet.
the captain looks over the bridge
someone halts, gives ray the finger, and steps into the store.
he grabs another from behind.
someone gestures to someone.
someone reaches a subway entrance and dashes down an escalator.
his opponent's teammates carry their peer off the mat.
the two executives stare at someone, who picks up another breadstick and runs it across samantha's cheek,
beaming, the zoo staffers assist their eager guests.
her chest heaves as she looks over the cluster of monitors, keyboard, and audio controls before her.
someone raises her glass of white wine.
the reading comes up 0.
someone presses buttons on a security system, opens a glass door, and steps into the basement.
the boy spins around then takes off into the crowd.
she crouches beside someone and draws the blanket up over his shoulder.
the zookeeper awkwardly steps out and faces the indifferent lion.
someone takes a long drink, keeping his back to the laughing patron.
her eyelids flutter as she reels ecstatically.
his chest heaves as he gazes up at someone.
he slides his finger from his lips, leaving his wedding ring between his teeth.
the creature chases them through the tunnel, grabs tina, and throws her aside.
the robot glances toward the rising craft, then fires.
as angel takes flight, the dark-haired mutant forms a cyclone in each hand.
he grabs his son-in-law.
someone shifts her eyes to the floor.
now on a train headed for the city, someone scrubs at someone's face with disinfecting gel.
he drops to all fours and picks up the bucket.
someone peers down the stairs then at the large clockwork mechanism as he paces frantically.
the teen takes his diploma and executes a groovy spin.
blond drops his pants and front flips off the roof.
someone seizes her in another hug.
another adult firmly holds the tearful recoiling girl's shoulder as the person continues binding her feet.
someone opens his mouth to speak.
as they draw closer, someone extends his hand.
someone stares open-mouthed and then nods.
someone walks to a table and examines surveillance photos of dr.
he glances at a crowd gathered around the broken urn
he tweaks the brim lower on her brow, and she wipes chocolate off his mouth.
he bites a seed, examines it and casts a hopeful gaze toward the sunny sky.
she quizzically knits her brow.
douglas faces him and his condescending smile fades.
someone shoots him a harsh look.
someone sits cradling a bouquet of flowers.
the humanoid crouches and uncaps the bowl.
another shows his boyhood-self sitting close to a father figure.
inside the dome, someone taps someone's helmet.
he extended his gun's telescopic handle.
now he answers his door.
inside, someone finds a statue of a satyr with ram's horns.
the penguins imitate him.
the explosion blows out a truck's rear window.
someone yields a smile as he limps alongside his father.
the girls leave the stage.
now he tucks them in.
someone tries to break the lock of with the tire iron.
someone runs after someone.
someone's surfing buddy catches a towering wave.
now inside, a man reads a name on it - john c. davies, embassy of the united states of america.
the van pulls up beside a small house.
words appear two hours later.
outside, the dust clears.
behind him, someone leslie and three more nba players approach.
one of the guys tosses it over.
someone continues sprinting up the stairs, as someone climbs into the cargo hold.
someone keeps his flatbed right on their heels.
someone sleeps curled up on the floor facing the unhatched egg in captain's rocky nest.
and her right hand clutches a few more pages.
the man passes through a white picket fence and pauses.
it falls to the ground.
he wraps one arm around her waist and she does the same to him.
someone removes a blanket covering the windshield, and switches on the lights.
he reaches out and gives him a hand.
now, the typewriter hammers out a string of letters on a new page.
spotlights illuminate a wide clearing by a building's entrance.
he bows his head for a moment, then extends his hand and fingers as if stretching to reach the dish.
he uses a radio.
someone looks him in the eye.
at the table, a dashing man smile at her.
someone wears baggy track pants, a t-shirt over a long-sleeved hoodie, sleek framed sunglasses and a backwards newsboy cap.
someone looks around the hive.
he shows his own tattoo.
back at the house, someone and someone nervously watch someone as he shuffles over on his knees.
someone shoots a look to someone who shrugs.
someone turns to someone, who mouths the word, "no."
someone slips out a notecard scrawled with terminology.
as someone regards her, she sucks in a breath and gazes off thoughtfully.
he smiles and she throws them down at her side.
he takes out his cell and eyes the display.
someone wears a polo neck under a blazer.
kneeling, someone picks up the pace and paddles with both hands in synchronized stokes.
at the cemetery someone lies face down and motionless.
then lowers her gaze, her lips curling into a genial smile.
someone holds an arm out of a car window, as someone drives.
someone lands at the observatory.
the young surfer sits cross-legged, drawing in his private notebook.
now in workout clothes, someone listens to headphones as she walks down a sidewalk.
dugan chugs a beer and slams down his empty mug.
spinning wildly, the chopper's tail rotor chops through the block letter sign.
opening the gate again, she turns the key extending a deadbolt.
someone looks up from his gun and frowns.
then accompanies someone as she shuffles out with a somber expression.
someone gives a pitying frown.
in afghanistan, someone's dark-haired buddy, passes him with a mailbag.
fiddling with a strand of hair.
they walk into the back parking lot.
someone checks his cell display.
someone replies, "i'll be there fairy soon."
at night, someone's pickup pulls off the country road.
he slices open its wax seals with a knife and unfolds the pages.
someone throws the orb down to someone.
a blue jewel topping his cane.
walking backwards, they fire on the alien horde.
someone, are you available for an interview regarding the wennerstrom verdict?
someone throws her knife at him but he catches it.
someone eyes someone who pleadingly puts his hands up.
pursing his mouth regretfully, someone waves goodbye to the cop and ambles out.
someone sheepishly glances around, then gives in.
beaming, she claps her hands.
someone occupies a window seat on a plane, someone's on the aisle.
turns off his wristwatch.
someone pins it down on an oar beam, stretches one arm out and grabs the hatchet from the edge of the supply pallet.
as he shuts the door, a pair of smooth feminine legs stretches out on the bed.
he knits his brow at the sound.
someone climbs a flight of stairs and enters a corridor.
satellite images of a facility appear on the large screen.
in slow motion, someone smiles as he reaches out and grabs the hammer's handle.
the lid pops into the air, and someone runs out of the kitchen.
he grabs hold of a knob on the night stand and hoists himself up to the drawer above.
someone gazes at herself.
a female executive passes by.
he swerves through a wooden fence, banks off a low stonewall and goes airborne.
the woman who is her own man
daytime, rooftop secret service snipers monitor a funeral procession.
a boom sweeps low over his head.
someone hops down off the bed as someone recovers.
they step out to the hall.
now in a theater dressing room someone curls her hair into ringlets.
she gives him an envelope and he starts to open it.
a white-haired man stands and takes the microphone.
a cloud of dust fills the hallway ahead.
she gives someone a steady nod.
someone briefly lifts his head off a bunch of towels serving as a pillow
at a stoplight, the gang leader idles at the front of the pack.
he crouches over his fallen opponent, draws back his fist, and hesitates.
someone quirks a smile.
someone comes out of the house on the second floor, wearing a hooded sweatshirt.
by the king's horse, someone holds the crown aloft.
doctors and nurses try to restrain someone.
he examines it.
releasing his grip on the board.
a woman snarls amorously in his ear.
he drops the slatted pallet overboard.
he makes the gesture again.
rosemary gives a sack of grain to someone.
someone exits the bar.
as someone sets the vest aside someone claps his hands overhead.
a man whispers up to them.
someone turns to someone who stares straight ahead,
another man eyes them, holding out his arms for a guard.
standing at a partially-formed clay sculpture, someone gives a tense look.
someone looks around nervously, then smiles at someone.
someone shakes his hand exposing...
pulls herself up to a stable position then crouches and gets her bearing.
he absorbs it.
she rises from the chaise lounge.
someone sobs beneath him.
someone gives someone a parting look then lumbers away.
at a bathtub, someone massages lather into her wedding veil, bites her lips, then checks the rinsed cloth.
dark circles shade his bleary eyes above his red, chapped cheeks.
it slides into a counter and discharges into a fat man's leg.
she glances at someone then back at the drawing, while raising one hand to her mouth.
they run through an alley.
someone smacks the joint from the leader's hand.
she tightens a tourniquet around her arm, and holds the end securely in her mouth.
someone shoots and misses the basket.
stepping forward, someone lays her hand on the weapon and gives someone a pleading look.
someone grabs the gun.
following his gaze, someone finds ghost rider unharmed, standing at the explosion's outskirts.
he faces someone.
he moves off down the length of the bar, passing a chiseled well-dressed man flanked by beautiful women.
he unbuttons his shirt.
a porn site pops up.
and it's crookedly bent limbs form the shape of a swastika.
he tosses the broken condom.
a tube from someone's mask leads to the nitric oxide tank.
someone leads her through a back corridor filled with steam and dripping pipes.
as he faces the audience, sunlight flares in brightly through a window behind him.
two businessmen face someone.
later, he puts the folded torn out in an empty water can and caps it.
the energy beam shoots out of the top of the plane and into the sky.
someone digs out a cellphone.
inside the chamber, the creature works on a machine while eating a human leg.
someone slaps him a low five.
pumping its tentacles, the squid propels itself farther from our view.
spotting chocolate on her date's chin, she points to her chin, then lowers her tongue and points again.
as someone's car drives off, someone finds his fallen partner.
someone stands at the door.
he points his finger like a gun and blows on the tip.
someone watches the chauffeur driven car pull away.
they wear their suits from the press conference.
he turns the vault's wheel and heaves the door open.
a marquee reads biograph manhattan melodrama.
we glimpse the words the mother was inebriated.
someone catches it and splits a tree trunk.
someone whirls around, fuming.
with a cigarette between his lips he steps outside.
he glances toward the flower seller then turns and limps off in the other direction.
he kicks someone in the chest, throwing him several feet backward.
with a shove from someone, he flops through and hits the ground.
pump his fists.
now someone kisses someone outside the ritz.
watching someone, someone coyly nibbles her soda straw.
entranced, someone flourishes a hand in front of a customer's face.
someone watches with a creased brow, a hint of tears glistening in her wide eyes.
the butler nestor shows them inside.
someone watches the tiger climb onto the bench just as the water rushes back and submerges the teen.
someone and someone walk timidly toward her in their black overcoats.
her father watches her go with a heavy gaze.
he drops onto the hood.
he clowns, sitting at a table
the scowling boy sits with his pals at the top of the steps, tapping a bat in his hand.
he hurries up the front walkway to his house and enters.
someone struggles to hold back sobs.
she takes a few steps away from the pool.
he thrusts a hand in the direction of an empty chair.
her artwork now missing from the headboard.
she briefly touches her flushed cheeks.
a nearby security guard sees
he remembers korean jesus.
someone turns toward the crowd.
now, clumps of vines hang from the rough-hewn walls of the cavern.
with a reluctant look, she faces her sister and meets her gaze.
someone takes out his cellphone.
someone runs through the terminal with a black blanket covered his body.
the chopper's nose drags along the building, sending a barrage of someone into the air.
someone musters a smile for her laotong.
he opens a hatch on top, then reaches inside.
snowy drops to the floor of the plane as it rises steeply upwards, then stalls and falls again.
someone is putting on bullet proof vests labeled nypd esu.
someone opens the door to a crush of reporters.
gazing across the street, he shakes his head.
someone and someone swap a look.
someone forces someone forward.
someone activates the reactor, which electrifies a long coil.
darkness closes in around the priest as someone's grasp decomposes him.
buster casually lopes across the street in front of the suv.
someone leans behind the counter and grabs his stuff.
she gives one more enticing look to the crowd.
later, a duffle bag gets tossed on the backseat of a car.
someone opens it, revealing the columns of hand-painted characters on its panels.
as someone saunters away he twirls his sword like a propeller blade at his side.
someone someone bares his teeth as someone slowly extends the reward.
someone covers his head.
the engineer looks at someone.
someone marches up the narrow steps, followed by his student.
he braces himself and climbs to his feet.
passers-by shun him as he walks.
he stands and leaves adjusting the jacket of his off-white panama suit.
someone notes someone's reaction.
she places her hand on the side of his head.
a reluctant someone starts typing and we glimpse his words as they spell out on the page.
they find someone feeding crackers to peacocks.
someone walks to the back of the automaton and rubs one finger over the heart shaped keyhole.
he dips her.
now they fall back onto the bed, making out.
he carries his sons out.
someone stares suspiciously.
someone turns his stare on someone.
it shows an smart car in the street.
someone takes the message.
he hangs up a cellphone.
sword belt dropped from his waist.
someone settles into his pillows.
someone creeps forward.
the candidate shakes his head.
she points to her head but someone insistently holds out his notes.
he stares eye level to someone, gawking first at her, then at her tool belt.
someone rocket him.
a basketball tumbles from the shelf and knocks her to the floor.
he stares at her with lovelorn eyes.
his lips pressed into a tight smile.
in slow motion, someone marches down a row of furrowed soil, tossing seed by the handful from a sack slung over his shoulder.
he brings his ax down once more.
someone sends him off with a paper bag.
with a penguins between them, they each take a few steps back.
his drawing shows a fist punching the teeth out of the bearded teacher's grotesque caricature.
someone swipes at another monk with his free hand but the monk grabs his throat.
as he digs through a drawer, our view shifts to find the cat on his desk.
someone treads closer, someone scoots over inviting her to sit beside him.
someone drives off.
he shifts his down-hearted gaze, and someone looks away.
a photo shows surgeons.
behind her, someone dashes off outside.
he lifts the tube to his lips.
now, someone and his daughters arrive at home.
she takes two bottles of wine from a rack.
sitting on someone's shoulders someone pounds on the cracked glass with his elbow.
he looks back and forth between the boy and his evil father.
the truck runs over his legs.
from a campsite, another man steps closer and lowers a scarf from his face.
someone' mouth drops open as he stares downward.
someone shakes black haired gil's hand, then gestures to someone.
as a crewman in a containment suit approaches, someone whacks him with a metal object, then heads forward.
his two assistants leave.
someone folds up the note.
someone shoots the reverend a look, then shakes her head.
climbing into the convertible mercedes, someone hugs her.
sunlight silhouettes the two women.
someone rests her head on someone's shoulder and frowns uneasily.
the winged man leans forward, resting his elbows the side of tess' bed as he gazes tenderly at her.
she blows him a kiss.
he gets shot.
seeing someone with someone, he giggles.
later, he and someone climb a narrow gap between two rock faces, pressing their backs to one and gripping the other with their hands and feet.
turning, he passes a man in a gray uniform, standing guard beneath a red flag.
now she enters a bathroom stall.
the archives manager climbs down and adds the books to a fully stacked cart.
appears ahead.
as he reaches the other side, someone arrives at the start of the bridge and stops to catch his breath.
standing motionless, the frost giants stare after them.
someone swirls an arm around her head, as she swivels her hips, then tosses her head side to side.
then aligns a pair of metal scissors on a tray beside two combs.
now someone's purse and laptop bag rest at her feet as she sits glumly on the stoop of the academy.
she tickles him.
someone knits his brow as he watches.
someone notices a vase of flowers sitting on a table in the hallway.
he takes off his headgear and hunches over.
incoming text from someone.
from a cresting wave, an orangutan rises into view, perched on a floating bundle.
the emancipation proclamation lies before him.
now, someone sits on someone's front steps as his pickup pulls into the driveway.
she pushes his hand away.
with a stoic expression, someone leads someone through a gate into the castle courtyard.
someone stares off, tears welling in his deep set eyes.
outside, the sun shines brightly through a row of tall leafy trees.
she finds the computer chip and holds it out.
in a pub, the men of the 107th clink glasses together.
behind him, someone sidles through a turnstile and gives it an angry shove as he clears through.
and one rips out the phone's receiver.
his shadow appears on the rock wall.
someone sees the penguins chasing someone to the exit.
someone glances down the platform then creeps toward the edge.
someone deletes saved episodes of weeds and 30 rock from someone's tivo.
he glances aside, then gestures for someone to crouch to his eye level.
he runs proudly to someone.
as someone climbs up last, an alien grabs his ankle.
it slices off one of someone's wings.
someone enters his apartment with a bag of groceries and gives her a terse nod.
someone leaves with his skateboard.
his hands feeling for a break in the rock.
gaining control, someone turns the van with traffic and rejoins the chase.
someone has a condom in his hand.
someone's assistant brings him a soda.
she peers into a bathroom then returns to the bedroom and removes her knit cap.
smiling, they stare into each other's eyes and share a tender kiss.
he turns a latch and the door swings open.
at the overturned suv, someone kicks the windshield from its frame.
a blond guy sits across from them.
swooping low, we find confederate soldiers charging recklessly over the grass as cannon balls touch down all around them.
someone continues up an incline.
enclosure, someone halts upon seeing the big cats and holds them in his attentive gaze.
she backflips through the air catches it and lands in the seat on top of someone.
as he stumbles back, someone and someone appear on the bank, some distance away.
someone hangs on tightly as the minute hand drops about a foot.
on a landing someone opens a door and steps into the hall.
as he adds more from his box, his dark-haired buddy walks up.
outside, someone, someone and someone run into the hospital then hurry up a corridor past the wrecked emergency room.
cladding briefs with frogs printed on them, someone climbs rocks by the waterfall.
he throws someone to the ground and looms over her.
reaching a doorway, she stops and slumps against the frame.
someone drops on to one knee.
as the vest-clad alien crosses to another pile, a yellow patterned alien adult holds up a piece of trash.
inside, travelers bustle around the cabin.
now, someone joins the three watchmen as they march up the steps of a house.
someone spins to face the engaged couple and flourishes her free hand.
later, they walk outside.
someone stops and looks back at the smoking wreck.
now the intruder lowers a ceiling vent hatch and stealthily climbs out.
someone gives his son a loving sidelong stare.
someone tacks a photo of octopus sushi onto the board.
our view pulls back through the broken window of a british phone booth.
as he relieves himself, someone slips out of the stall and creeps up behind him.
in the female cell block, someone takes the spoon from the mug.
she hangs up.
the body builders watch someone easily curl what they struggled with.
the official pulls the fighting someone off the defeated boy.
toting a gun in one hand, someone strides in after them.
someone reads a note written in a sketchbook.
someone's board leaves a white wake as he surfs along the face, executing tight curls at the crest.
in a flashback, at a gas n gulp, the pasty blonde man from the toilet attack notices someone outside
someone addresses the instructor.
someone and someone sidle back to someone.
from the sandy beach, the four men trot into the water and stretch out on their boards.
watching the dancers twirl their partners all around her, someone allows an emotional smile.
someone follows his gaze to find someone's car pulling up outside.
someone gulps it down.
later, inside a pristine airplane hangar, two men in gray coveralls open the van's back doors.
and the other depicts a hollow-cheeked face
gives him a warm smile.
on the platform, the referee wrenches someone off of his opponent.
someone takes freckles and walks off.
at the restaurant, someone selects a song on the jukebox.
he defeatedly hangs his head.
he sits on his bed.
someone looks in.
someone sets down his ropes and looks across the way.
she regards someone.
as she faces someone, mr.
at a food shop, someone peeks over a man's shoulder, who glances at the same article.
the zoo owner gives a bewildered shake of his head.
the skateboard hits a parked car.
as it gets to its feet again,
sitting across from him, he slides the tray over.
crouching he reaches for the unhatched egg, then turns to his bosses.
he holds his robotic hands to his face,
two penguins exit the crate.
someone ducks out into the hall.
as she exposes one shoulder.
they bounce on the limo's roof.
he eyes someone suspiciously as she cooks, then strides to a seat at the head of the table.
now, in alabama, someone faces pastor someone trautwein, gay converter.
in the bathroom, someone takes someone's taser from under her skirt.
looking away, someone works his mouth.
he hurries to a motel room door.
they switch.
smiling, she holds the microphone up like a torch as the platform raises her on to the stage.
someone meets someone's misty gaze.
now sitting with someone, someone nods.
sipping his drink, someone spits it out.
the young man awakens to find himself on the couch.
he scurries from the cab to a parked car and crouches behind it.
with a sour look, he rejects the calls then smooths the front of his shirt and folds his hands behind his head.
someone purses her lips receptively, then sweeps her long bangs out of her face.
someone regards his father with a faint understanding smile.
she leans on the railing, gazing out over the lawn as departing guests find their cars.
a soldier cocks a machine gun aimed at the camp.
now someone rubs her hands over her head and body, then points her knees in.
shoves the door open and darts out.
someone lies on his couch with a laptop and navigates a website called, the penguin recipe page.
someone's smile grows forced and she drops her gaze.
the car explodes into sparks and gray smoke as it spins in the air.
heading into a lush green field, someone chucks the shoebox to the ground.
someone lies face down in the bathroom, a large blood stain on the toilet.
someone surrenders the gun and his fellow marshals restrain him.
he pawns the air.
poorly disguised in his fake beard and a lakers hat.
someone bites his lip and shyly glances away.
she drops her skirt by her feet revealing someone thigh highs.
they knock chairs over.
outside the jaguar, someone squeegees a window.
someone angrily seizes someone and kisses him.
elsewhere, someone walks through a dim arched hallway.
as he stares at the crater, then takes out a cell phone.
someone's fingers caress the cross hanging around his neck.
up ahead, the boy dashes through the crowd then slides under a newspaper vendor's legs.
someone twirls her then pulls her close for a picture.
she tugs on a gold rope.
as someone raises an ice dagger, a bolt of energy strikes him down.
someone picks up the newspaper, which is covered with bloody fingerprints.
across the aisle, someone sits beside someone who wakes from a nap.
baring his teeth, the tiger backs away from the bow and someone lifts the spear.
then brushes her hair back and faces him with a coy hint of a smile.
later, at champion o'malley's someone stands at the bar.
reaching the sidewalk, he takes a few steps to his right and pulls out a phone.
the zoo owner rolls over and finds sunlight peeking in between his curtains.
he grabs a swing and raises his gun.
someone takes the mic.
and tosses them over his shoulder into his car.
someone takes it, then lifts her gaze to her laotong's.
later, he kicks at the bell dangling overhead, but misses.
she cautiously checks over her shoulder then tiptoes inside.
someone fights back tears.
he gives her a gentle smile, then looks down.
nodding along to the beat, he looks to an apartment building.
the crowd solemnly looks on as the two opponents circle one another.
someone moves his lips.
the boy stares at his ice cream cone.
with her hair dyed black, she lies beneath him in bed.
the general faces someone's menacing team.
she desperately wipes the phone.
backing away he gives a sly smile.
someone glances at it then arrives at the two-story cement ticketing kiosk.
she thrusts it into a microwave oven,
someone scowls at the security monitors.
the guards leave the boy kneeling before the guests who sit in six uniform sections, all wearing black robes.
someone swallows, tilts her head, and presses her brow to her sister's.
someone averts her surprised, slack-jawed gaze.
now, by a lamp's modest light, a shaving kit lies open on a small round table.
fluffy white clouds hang in a blue sky above the trio as their horses plod on across a largely featureless landscape.
a hand to her brow, someone briefly averts her anguished gaze.
someone accidentally rips off his towel.
they spray him.
now a girl rides her bicycle past a modest suburban home.
someone gives a shock gape then nods and smiles politely.
the knuckles expand and the toes elongate.
he enters a vaulted hall.
a black guard faces the cell phone user.
someone moves to a neighboring lifeboat and checks under its tarp as he readies it.
someone notes his webpage.
someone switches off his bedside lamp.
sparks fly from the control box.
someone takes a seat on a rock and watches his daughter sprinkle her crackers on the ground.
now someone, the dealer, and two friends pass someone and someone.
as he takes aim at someone, someone rises from the floor.
the auburn-haired young woman continues to watch with intrigued eyes.
with someone tugging her arm, someone reluctantly moves on, but her face remains turned toward her cheerful mother.
the minutemen get in their car and drive past him.
someone lies on top of his bedspread.
an aerial view shows the massive eruption of fire and smoke.
she watches sympathetically as someone hangs her head.
he sees a variety of sex toys.
among them, the lanky traveler shifts his angry gaze.
clad in a simple gray dress, she wears a dull expression.
the friend turns to a guy behind her, then we shoot outside past a row of lockers to find someone.
someone enters his mother's house.
as he clutches at his pant leg, it rises, revealing a thick coat of blue hair.
someone averts his eyes.
the car stops outside a building's ornate facade.
hurls his cell out of the door then nods at the executive.
as he puts away some new sunglasses, someone hands her a cup of ice cream.
but she turns her back to him.
wearing sexy lingerie, someone's girlfriend sits up and kisses him passionately.
he takes out his finger, leans against the sink counter with his head lowered, pauses, then stares at his reflection in the mirror.
more sons of ares surround the blue soldiers.
carrying a cup of coffee, someone smiles to himself as he exits the shop.
someone notices his odd expression
she pads down the hall and wedges between an attractive young man and woman.
as an explosion yards away rains sparks, someone sidesteps on a path parallel to someone's.
his eyes narrowing as sunlight rises across his face.
glancing around he takes in his surroundings.
he glances toward his boss.
turning, he finds someone gawking.
he stalks closer to someone, sneering bitterly.
meanwhile, someone trails her fingertips along the volumes of archives as she walks through the stacks.
now, someone flies backward above the street, throwing parked cars.
someone places one hand on someone's shoulder.
someone enters the bathroom.
inside, someone bobs his head as he listens through his headphones.
a customer opens the door for the arriving painters.
he holds up a sweatshirt.
the matchmaker closes the fan.
as the pretty brunette lifts her gaze to his, he watches with longing eyes.
now, someone plants a row of surfboards in the sand according to size
someone lays his forearm below someone's chin and gently applies pressure.
as someone drives away, he speeds off after her.
now at gq someone works at his desk.
someone's hand trembles as he slowly reaches out and answers his phone.
someone remains motionless.
avoiding his gaze, she stops struggling and blinks resignedly.
behind him, the wall parts, revealing the secret chamber.
the heavyset techie gives her fake credit cards and a counterfeit passport.
someone tries to regroup with his board but another wave catches him off guard and sweeps him back toward the beach.
now the zombie's hands shoots up and twists the bathroom door knob.
the girl grins, holding a candle.
at the archives someone finds a newspaper featuring a vanger industries investment and someone's murder on the same page.
a two-vehicle pileup blocks the island bridge.
she crosses a waiting area and approaches a front desk.
someone, someone, and their dates stroll past futuristic displays.
he turns to the slick haired boy.
someone turns a dial on his cb radio.
he strides through the corridors, carrying a bag in his hand, and another slung over his shoulder.
one inspector trips over the cat and falls downstairs.
her gaze cold and business like, someone takes it to someone
a gangly geeky man faces him.
turning from the entrance someone starts to walk off, but spots someone approaching.
a faint smile briefly plays on someone's face as he gives the teens a surprised look.
she calls someone.
reaching out, she strokes his cheek with her finger then ruffles his hair.
later, we drift from someone's socks up his chunky bare legs.
a lion's head appears onscreen with the title ethiopia across its eyes.
someone takes someone to a corner.
later, someone stands with his four friends.
they're lying in bed in their pajamas.
he looks away briefly.
his gaze drifts past her to another teenage girl being attached by a cluster of warriors.
it consumes him, then overwhelms our view.
outside, pedestrians notice smoke coming from the bank.
on a table on a grassy overlook, a man in a suit opens a case to reveal a realistic prosthetic arm.
later, inside the facility, someone' silhouette fills a small window on a door.
holding her gaze, mr.
sitting back, he clutches himself.
troopers pass the money vault.
she bites her thumb.
king someone blinks.
he sees a seated man on the tv gesturing, as rescue workers push a stretcher behind him.
the waitress pours wine.
as he and someone head down a flight of stairs into a courtyard,
he touches his hat, turns his horse, and rides off through the trees.
he sets down his yellow supply bag.
someone sees someone and his crew.
a man walks in wearing an ntsb jacket, followed by a few law officers, a nurse, and a doctor.
the boy rolls in his sleep, knocking someone off the bed.
she lets her brow brush his in a brief nuzzle, then straightens.
turning away, someone flops back against his seat.
the men take one wave after another, their boards cleanly skimming the glassy water beneath their feet.
backstage, parents sit in rows of elevated auditorium seats with their children waiting for the audition.
a stick-thin woman with a copper red someone and severe features approaches her.
now the bean shaped  cloud gate in millennium park reflects an overcast day.
he backs into a door and slides down to the floor, limp, his eyes closed.
it snaps in two and he tumbles over the falls.
snowy chases after the van then jumps into a small wagon, towed by a bicyclist.
an officer faces him.
streaked with the alien's blood, someone jerks back and forth numbly.
someone soberly paddles back a little.
now, we gaze at a shanghai freeway from a distance.
he sits her at the table,
as she sits up, someone strokes her hair.
he lets go as he reaches a gate into a neighborhood.
on the lower level, children ride a miniature train around a display of oversized lollipops.
someone sighs as someone brushes past.
he blinks his enraged eyes.
someone gives him a stubborn look
someone gives an exasperated look as he clicks incorrect icons.
the drunken man takes a rest then hobbles forward and bends over his door lock.
someone lifts his hands.
she stares off, her eyes shining with tears.
the girl looks back to her friends.
the other man grabs someone's pillows.
someone plucks the tube from the bird's beak.
spots someone carrying a crate.
someone walks to a table and sits.
sitting behind someone, someone gawks at the exposed crack of her rear.
later, someone sets up a blank canvas on an easel and stares at it.
the hydra's heads become motionless as they turn to stone.
then affects a breezy smile.
someone pulls her closer and her helmet falls off revealing a leather
they ride through longer grass beside a river.
someone taps his pen.
a blaze of lights sears words next to the southwestern coast.
he stands up.
as someone picks up his cell phone, his date lifts his arm, smells his armpit and licks his tricep.
now he and someone wait outside as someone bikes up to the house.
the brothers hurry down a staircase.
a bearded man with glasses steps up.
she glances out his window.
someone's fingers find the archer's neck, then face.
he steps onto the wet basement floor.
someone sits at his own desk.
hiding in an alley around the corner, someone flinches.
the stage lights flash and the dancers disappear, leaving only the glowing letters.
later, someone and someone sit on a boulder.
someone sits beside his surfboard with his knees pulled up, and his head bowed.
she looks away from him then leans one elbow on the armrest and gazes off thoughtfully.
the balloon pilot produces a bottle and glasses.
the mustang pulls out of the empty lot and drives off past a few warehouses.
the child raises his left arm, revealing a glowing light in his hand.
someone backs away, scratching his brow.
he grabs the biker's bag.
he stares at her.
she gives a man standing guard a little nod, then heads further in.
standing in chest high water, a small wave knocks him over and someone smiles.
he wipes his hand on a potted plants wide leaf, then waddles back toward the line, keeping his legs together.
someone glances around as he walks across the room.
over and takes a seat
wearing only panties, she scampers across our view.
in the courtyard, two agents pass the window and look in at angel, someone, someone, and someone.
someone's sitting on a toilet fully clothed.
he sulks and avoids her gaze, shaking his head slightly.
someone gives two sacks to someone, who tosses one to someone.
someone compares the picture to someone's sister's portrait,
she notices cocaine on a table.
as the door opens, someone frowns.
dirty dishes clutter the cramped kitchen.
he briefly gets the upper hand, but someone throws him off.
the next shows the boy mouse sitting alone at the kitchen table with a photo of the girl mouse propped up in front of him.
a barrage of bullets hits the limo, sending sparks off the vehicle's armored body.
she spots someone and someone.
the couple enters the house past someone.
an open doorway shows a glimpse of someone shoveling through the house.
someone rolls her eyes in a good-humored sneer, then steps away.
her family feeds her peppers, rousing her.
he wheels around, pointing a finger harshly at someone.
we drive past a sign for sandpiper village, another for paniolo, then a golf course abutting a housing community.
someone reaches back.
as his movements gain intensity, the resulting glow gathers mass and brightness.
they shift in another part of the pit.
someone withdraws and he glances up at her.
someone stuffs his hands in his pockets.
someone smashes his war hammer into a giant's chest.
the automaton moves its hand and makes another scribble, then another, seemingly at random.
later, someone whacks a striker bar against a magnesium strip key-chain, instantly igniting a small campfire.
as someone touches the man his arm falls and a piece of paper drops from his hand.
someone heads away.
outside, someone sees two men hurrying down the alley steps.
the inspector gazes up at it.
the policeman finds the plastic cup and shakes his head at it.
grinning, the boys follow the sergeant as he marches past sand bag barricades through a doorway.
its jaws clamp on the oars paddle.
someone staggers back, shielding his eyes.
and presses herself against the wall in shame.
someone notices his young hostage shivering.
he finds it empty.
the distance between someone and someone grows and someone checks his clock.
someone stands in a dark suit, and watches the procession pass.
she notices someone.
the thug collapses on his living room rug.
its driver climbs out and fires at someone.
someone shuffles out.
look over a verdant landscape with the river flowing through it.
she nestles in and pulls her blanket close.
someone gazes up at the bare branches, then begins to cry.
now someone and someone watch the jefferson's.
silhouetting the pair, as someone tugs someone outside.
another call comes in and she hits the space bar.
but finds the cave ceiling above, holding him underwater.
someone frowns and sends a text message to someone.
pushing himself to his feet, someone moves to someone and pulls her hair.
someone looks out at the crowd, then glances at someone, and gives an overjoyed laugh.
someone shifts his thoughtful gaze.
someone holds the rifle in front of someone who glances at someone then takes the gun.
someone climbs up a small hill using an arched root for support.
our view surfaces to find someone seated at one end making notes as he overlooks his stock of supplies.
a message appears, "access denied."
someone moves on then pauses warily.
a waitress brings a fresh round.
someone ducks a swipe from the first man then someone strikes again.
someone and his men leave the bar through the front exit and get in a waiting car.
she aims at her sister who bites her lip in a suppressed sob.
at night, someone shuts her door for her as she gets out of his 80s era wagoneer.
someone steps up beside his wife.
she sits up and glances toward the door.
he leans over his victim who trembles and sputters incoherently.
now someone, then someone, then someone, then someone, each raid the medicine chests in their bathrooms.
someone lifts his serious gaze from the contract,
someone breathes heavily as he watches someone falling off the building.
watching closely, someone stands up as someone paddles beside the protruding rock formations.
he sweeps a kick at the boy's feet, but the someone jumps it.
as he slides it shut, countless more vampires leap onto the roof.
they arrive at a kitchen display.
someone dabs gently at someone's bruised, swollen eye.
he takes someone's.
next, the whirlwind transforms into a cloud of green above someone.
she unwraps a white shawl from her shoulders, tosses it on to a dining room chair, and removes an earring.
snowy sniffs a sandwich on jaggerman's cot.
someone takes it back and drinks.
a view with the left break light shows the suv gliding into the driveway of a modest home with a well-manicured front lawn.
the woman climbs on the bed.
he watches a large armored truck, reverse behind a building corner at the end of the block.
someone gently strokes her hair.
he lifts her up, and she wraps her legs around him.
they prepare to shoot.
someone throws down his cigarette.
standing on their hind legs, the bears swap a look.
an ipod on the desk plays next to the exposed police bug.
he backs away.
he faces the doctor with a wrathful glare.
the gate lowers beside her.
someone steps outside in a tuxedo and waves to hail a cab.
as he listens, someone looks up from a newspaper.
someone notices someone watching him from a doorway.
someone pulls back a branch and releases it at the dog, but the rottweiler crashes through it.
as they inch apart, someone cradles the back of his head and they kiss.
she eyes the students who shoot each other uneasy glances, then return their attention to their professor.
someone presents a bra.
he holds out someone's share.
someone follows someone's gaze.
someone picks up the cordless phone and dials.
a man lies on the ground, his chest heaving.
now, in a bathroom, someone rinses her mouth out at a sink.
someone steps out, gun raised.
someone briefly meets his gaze.
someone covers and uncovers his mouth.
he scratches behind his ears, then tilts his head as if shaking out water.
skimming a file.
someone looks up uneasily.
meanwhile, at her home, someone whimpers as she lies under a blanket on the floor.
waving her hand, someone flags down a beltway cab and climbs in back.
later, they use weight machines.
then purses his lips.
the official glances to a comrade then nods.
someone gnaws on a carrot as he watches someone and someone walk away.
in a circle, moving up and down like carousel horses.
her styled hair has highlights.
dernier addresses someone, then converses with someone.
someone backs the camera away.
she grabs a stack of sheets.
in the recording room someone gently plucks the guitar strings.
later, someone strolls down a street, stopping as he notices a for sale sign on a food truck's windshield.
in a close-up of someone's letter, we glimpse fragments of sentences.
the pterodactyl swoops overhead.
someone slides the kitchen door open, gazing out.
someone and someone get in one.
she kisses his cheek and rests her head on his shoulder.
someone runs her fingertips between the straps of her white camisole.
later, someone holds open the restaurant's door as someone walks outside.
the young man with the knife stands.
he fixes his gaze on someone.
someone pushes a doctor away and stands, then flips a man into a supply cabinet.
someone surfs his board close to hers and reaches out.
someone turns on his polygraph machine then tears open his button down.
a bald man whispers with two colleagues on either side of him, then gives a nod.
be right back.
the two boys circle each other.
someone remains sitting thoughtfully on the bleachers.
he sends a text on his phone.
his face already covered with chocolate.
he lies in bed, surfing channels on the tv.
someone stares wide-eyed at someone.
he and his friends give chase.
someone stares at his phone.
he glances over his shoulder, then looks at the finger-like toes of his right foot.
someone emerges from the water.
as the door starts to open he forces his way in.
someone's gaze meet his expectantly
one of someone's friends holds him back.
someone sets a flat metal box on a platform, then pulls a lever.
now, on the flight back, someone stares off pensively.
the kids swap a look.
now, someone lifts a pillow and the head of the child sleeping on it, takes the tooth, and tosses down a dollar.
he pulls up to the driver's side window.
as he answers her, she glances over her shoulder.
someone pulls the bloody blade from someone's back and someone pours vodka on the wound.
his mother beams proudly, her eyes glistening.
only through suffering someone you find peace.
someone smiles and looks down.
the wingless case worker pushes him, then smirks.
seen through another doorway, an office chair sits at a desk with a giant mural of a snarling tiger behind it.
she presses her forehead to his and shakes her head.
in the hotel, someone approaches the front desk.
she allows a bashful smile.
baby face drops onto his back.
someone gazes sorrowfully.
as a middle-aged man exams a sports car.
it fires energy beams at someone, who beats them away with someone.
remaining opening titles: dianna agron,
someone zips into a huge parking garage and around tall concrete columns.
later, he lifts an aqua man figure.
as a panel gets removed from the wall, someone pushes the stack of boxes out of his way.
he gets in the driving seat and someone leans by the door.
behind him, someone sits up.
he picks up the check.
he turns and slaps each of his reluctant friends' hands.
he removes the someone penguin from the crate and smirks as he sets it down on an end table.
now at the van de merwe house, someone pours two drinks.
someone opens a carriage door and the man hands him his card.
a humvee passes a man leading a camel and maneuvers unto a busier road.
someone follows, belly down.
now the group watches a tv.
facing each other, someone and her trainer squat as they hold arms straight out in front.
just carry her on their shoulders, someone joins her mother.
as an mnu chopper passes overhead, he opens the door to one shanty and enters.
his sister lets one loose.
one bar tracks the miles to monterey
someone furrows his bushy eyebrows.
someone fixes his partners bowtie.
they enter the cafe.
someone's class watches lean on me.
someone hugs her father.
in slow motion, the reunited family walks down a hallway together.
as it floats upward, he folds his arms and watches it contentedly.
the chauffeur meets her gaze.
someone follows someone through the play structure.
later, someone finds her curled up in a chair facing a window.
the people run off.
she switches off a lamp.
the man waggles his elbows like a chicken.
the girl picks up her slice and winces at it.
someone lies on a bed.
outside, he holds someones hand as they race across a footbridge.
spinning wearily in his chair, the director faces someone.
with a vulnerable pout, the young woman swallows and looks down at his extended hand.
someone slows her pace and turns around.
now an elevator door opens, and the soldiers enter a bombed out floor.
someone squeezes her eyes shut.
wearing his shirt as a turban,
they stare.
glancing into the lunch box, he takes out an apple and watches the bright green fruit turn grey and crumble.
someone lowers his thunderstruck gaze, then faces the stage.
someone and someone unbuckle their seatbelts and land on their heads.
she opens her eyes and blinks.
she slugs back an entire cocktail and gives a bracing twitch of the brow.
she stares him down and nods.
the girl shakes it.
in the garage, someone peers into an open bin filled with wriggling mealworms.
holding someone's hand, someone leads her through a doorway and across a small courtyard.
spinning the wheel, he skids around a grassy island dividing the two directions of traffic and speeds after the limo.
she eyes him with anticipation wearing a slight smile and raising her brows.
as someone peeks through the sunroof, someone rises through his.
someone out of his way and cranks the dial.
an aerial view of the parched landscape shows the convoy churning up dust on the
hiking up his pants, his father sits on the bed's edge and leans an arm over someone's legs.
someone starts a film projector.
she briefly looks someone in the eye.
a beautiful young woman arrives.
in the garage, someone holds his cellphone to his ear.
another classroom miss someone writes care on a blackboard then faces two males and two females.
someone lets go of her head and looks over.
he rocks back and forth on his feet.
from hiding, someone swings a stall door, knocking out the thug.
one of the last remaining bodhi leaves falls.
someone whispers to someone, who shrugs.
now, as holloway, someone, and someone examine the decapitated body,
she dresses.
metal shards shoot onto someone's skin, becoming his armor.
someone watches as the zookeeper listens carefully.
bashes his own head.
he picks up her bag and hands it to her.
someone takes a few faltering, stiff-legged steps towards the bedroom.
the two opponents swiftly parry each other's strikes.
at his house, someone gets out of his car, then steps past a tree.
with his eyes on someone, he lowers the phone.
someone swigs a beer watching their screen kiss.
someone heads back to the tunnel.
she aims a gun.
spotting the trio, he looks away.
someone lowers his troubled gaze.
the battle scarred local presses his lips closed.
a couple climb onto the roof and someone shoots them through the ceiling.
someone kisses someone's cheek and gives her the feather boa.
later, someone skates nimbly.
a refrigerator tumbles to a stop.
someone shifts his jaw as the giant slugger nails his opponent with a series of hooks.
turning it over, she slides her fingers under the manila envelopes flap,
at a mirror, someone curls her lashes.
now in the white house, a maid uses a feather duster on a clock.
by day, photos of someone, small gifts, and wilting flowers rest on the new grave.
someone forces a demure smile.
he grabs a french fry.
the jet flies over orange-tinged clouds.
someone pokes the spear directly in front of someone's face and the beast pins back his ears to his head.
he lunges.
so she opened a new panel,
he glares down at his comatose wife and circles the bed.
leaning against the sink, her father looks on soberly as she struggles with the bag's twist tie.
someone drops by.
he peels off his dress shirt and grabs a coat hanger.
lightning flashes above the crater compound.
his hands curl into fists then release.
someone heads off, someone shakes her head.
they hide behind a short rise and spy on the village festivities.
someone arrives outside the glass pane door.
someone taps someone with his hat.
he pushes another lever and a squirming someone flies higher.
face each other sharing a warm smile.
they bring the coffin to the church's entry way.
he kicks off his sneakers.
someone jabs at someone, then elbows him in the face.
someone offers a warm smile.
he kneels in front of the brick supporting the stairs and waves his hands.
the image dissolves to the surface of the pool.
in his car, someone notices smoke wafting from the back.
as a man passes, she bows her head, letting her hair shield her face.
at night the sheriff drives his cruiser into the someone gas station.
she puts a shushing finger to her lips and the piglet joins its siblings.
someone bends over, resting his hands on his knees.
he picks up the plate in both hands.
someone flings him aside, but loses his balance nearly stepping over the roof's edge.
someone approaches a glistening pond surround by a three foot tall bank of roots.
door but it's locked.
she gingerly sits up.
someone fires the launcher aimed right at him.
as someone and someone stand, the people around them applaud.
he checks a screen with a map.
mourners gather at someone's family home, a colonial-style mansion with white walls, shuttered windows, and a red-tiled roof.
spar looks away.
someone stops paddling and sits up, peering through narrowed eyes at the rolling water.
they strip down to t-shirts.
the heavily bandaged teen lies motionless and unresponsive.
someone has a pained and weary face, her hair damp with sweat and her brow deeply furrowed.
a dark-haired man wearing an army uniform pulls the thug away.
he stares down at her.
someone takes a complimentary coffee and leaves.
he uses a laser pointer.
she whips her hair back and steps forward.
it draws circles within circles and a series of overlapping checkmarks.
the rest of the group departs, leaving someone in the living room with someone.
as the general shoots, the confederates vanish.
someone gazes at the piece of art.
features a beautiful warrior goddess with long curls spilling out from under her crested helmet.
someone pulls up a quill pen.
as he heads away, he spreads his arms imitating someone.
she raises her brows.
someone stares at him out of the corners of her narrowed eyes, then faces him.
he looks inside.
someone nods to the gathered guests and gives someone the gift.
primping, someone takes her hair down.
the clerk furrows his brow and glances around.
someone unfolds the frame and puts them on, as he arrives at someone's body.
as the hoard of zombies rush closer,
a crimson rag gags his mouth.
behind her, a truck's headlights grow brighter as it draws closer.
the boy dives back toward the satellite dish, then uses his sound rings to glide over dish's concave face.
avoiding her imperious gaze,
in a hospital ward, someone slowly opens his right eye.
she pushes her hood back a few inches.
later, someone stands at a fast food counter as a worker loads her tray with food.
someone maintains his balance and keeps the boat hook between them.
he comes into the gallery,
at the fbi, agent someone turns to someone.
someone steps out, barefoot.
she sits on the stoop of a picturesque spanish-style apartment building.
a rolling list of data and the graphic outline of an arc reactor suit displays on a monitor.
on stage, her son's playing grows bolder and more relaxed.
he glances at someone who stares ahead.
furrowing his brow
now in his room, the troubled teen lies on his bed, one hand outstretched toward us.
someone opens the apartment door
shadows mask someone's troubled face.
behind him, someone swiftly follows.
a bag's put over his head.
a boy walks over.
someone takes off.
long haired woman places an eagle in a cage.
now, union soldiers move in and out of wealthy residences bringing out bulging sacks and armloads of silver items.
locked in the embrace, he shuts the door.
later, the boxer sits on a patio in the night air.
on the ship's deck crew members weld together a long track.
campaign posters show a smiling young man.
his pupil gazes into his eyes, then gravely looks away.
wearing her dress, someone struggles to match him.
someone dampens a brief smile.
his gaze falls on the man with a month.
he lifts his brow at the unresponsive students.
they each twirl their weapons in preparation and position themselves for a fight.
moving down the aisle, he sits beside someone.
later in the crowded lounge, someone plays piano with the band.
veins pop out on a burly man's neck as he pulls on the hammer's handle.
someone takes it and studies it with a knitted brow.
he kisses his hand.
her finger crystallizes and she uses it to cut a circle in the glass.
now, in a hotel room, he opens the suitcase, takes out his someone gun, and cocks it.
as he steps past, someone pickpockets him.
passing a spartan soldier mascot.
someone takes it without looking at him.
at night, lights stream along the streets and boulevards of paris.
as she walks away, someone approaches with tank.
he lifts the toilet seat, then holds up the front of his dress.
someone jogs after the hurrying stilt-walker.
someone beams proudly and cups her cheek in his hand.
someone leads a business meeting.
now in a snow dusted cemetery, the boy and his father stand at her grave.
under the pale blue sky the ocean has a shimmering silver sheen.
she pats his head.
she stretches her neck into another enclosure where the rest of the animals gather at the base of a rock ledge.
as it releases a burst of smoke, someone crouches and covers his mouth.
he peers through another door into the darkness outside.
the sign reads, welcome, brave new owners.
our view rotates around someone.
the worms wriggle in it.
sitting beside him with a beer in his hands, someone furrows his brow.
the vampire tries to bite his neck, but he flips his foe out of the rail car decapitating him as he shuts the door.
a living area appears before him as he advances.
noticing someone, they quickly retreat.
he pumps his fists.
his gaze lands on a spot on the carpet.
in the bathroom, someone uses a cable to lower her rifle down a now exposed shaft.
agent someone enters the office.
someone shifts his gaze to the zoo's grounds.
the smoke dissipates, leaving someone in a kneeling position.
in her bedroom someone struggles to pack a suitcase without bending over.
sharing another camera's perspective, we approach someone.
from the depths, a slowly glowing shape rapidly ascends between the raft and lifeboat.
gripping the chain, she steps backward.
he furrows his brows, stands up, and gazes toward the woods.
she follows someone out.
he, someone and someone place their pearls on the floor, then crush them under their feet.
someone walks over to him and aims point blank.
the cyclone swallows the jet.
someone watches them fall with glaring eyes.
as someone eats happily, his nose leaks black fluid.
underwater, the soldier swims down along the someone's barnacled supports.
he watches someone hobble off with his gun.
someone leans back and gazes up at the branches.
someone holds up some money.
they both gaze into the camera.
someone lifts someone up.
someone's mother answers with a warm delighted smile.
an accomplice enters as he slides away an empty shelving
someone smiles and she looks to the other men.
she grips a shelving unit.
someone crouches down for a better look at one and reaches out to it.
someone sets his drink down.
he chuckles to himself but quickly succumbs to sobs.
little someone works beside someone who wears a joyful grin.
we catch sight of his father who lounges in a recliner, watching tv.
someone scowls desperately.
as they stop at an intersection, someone frowns.
someone lies on the couch.
someone notices a tag.
now, in the royal palace, queen someone strides to a pair of someone windows in a stone alcove.
she puts it back and hurries out.
he gives ariel a shot, then smacks him.
someone shoulders his bag and heads off.
a gorgeous blonde rushes in, locks the door, and embraces him.
he looks over his shoulder with a troubled gaze as the cat lounges comfortably nearby.
someone and someone round a corner and spy on him.
someone and someone, wearing a form-fitting black leather outfit, step out.
he waves the joint in front of his nose and mouth, and inhales more smoke.
with a pair of tongs, he retrieves the glowing triangle and studies it.
with puzzled looks, they lower their binocular
someone looks off into the distance.
she crosses the grass to him.
a yellow amniotic sac pulsates beside it,
someone leaves his town car for a brownstone.
later, he demos weapons.
now, someone totes a gun as he approaches the group surrounding someone.
leaning back against the headboard she faces him.
as she cautiously approaches the kitchen, someone grabs an apple and takes a bite.
later they eat.
now on the floor of the empty room, someone lies flat on his back with his eyes closed.
someone hikes across the serengeti.
someone gets up as it leans a mouthful of sharp teeth close to the youth.
she skids across the road past the words, rule number 4, seat belts.
she tears it in half.
he spins her.
someone shifts his gaze and hustles off down the road.
sir someone surfaces then swims to a piece of floating mast.
later they sip drinks at an intimate table.
blond extends his fist and someone gives it a friendly bump.
as someone dons her fur-collared coat, the newcomer takes someone's seat by the radio.
someone grabs her.
the churning wave rapidly sweeps toward the coast and collides with rock formations.
the wedding planner plays a tuba.
now a middle aged man in a dark suit squints in the sunlight as he steps off a private jet.
now, at twilight, carts of grain make their way along a narrow road through the woods.
our vision doubles as the thug's eyes cross and he sinks down.
someone swirls the ice in his glass, smirking as he watches his neighbor.
he shows the sergeant.
someone leaps to his feet and punches the agent in the face.
taking a few deep breaths she drifts off to sleep.
a penguin pecks at a remote.
she leans her head against his shoulder.
the zombie killer flops down and crawls off of it.
grabbing his opponent's arm, he flips himself around someone ping's body, and pins him to his knees.
someone takes a heavy breath.
now, someone sleeps in a hospital bed hooked up to monitors.
while people watch, robot's chest opens
now, the two laotongs sit face to face in the cave mouth.
someone's lips hinted a wistful smile.
he drags someone to the utility room.
someone and his friends respectfully look on him.
blinking back tears, she struggles to remain composed.
he throws her music down.
someone looks nervous.
someone removes the key from around her own neck.
rings of sound waves shoot out of his mouth, expanding in a cone shape.
he flails his arms.
he catches rain in the bucket, his open mouth, and cans in each hand.
a dome shaped formation juts from a range of hills.
next, she pulls out a manuscript.
with a furrowed brow, someone turns and walks out.
as the rider reaches a camp
smoke billows into the air as firecrackers pop.
he faces his mother.
a security guard marches down the corridor with a flashlight.
someone's son runs up to an arbor.
he overtakes the rig and falls off his bike.
as someone walks some distance behind the others, mrs. po stops beside him.
behind them a penguin runs over to captain and nuzzles with her.
now, standing on the canvas, he challenges someone someone.
someone hulas in front of someone, then shakes her hips while raising her arms overhead.
someone waves his hand like a conductor.
the boy delivers a swift kick to the leg, then leaps and spins, plunging his foot into the side of the injured knee.
later, she smiles and nods demurely as she passes someone.
grinning, someone points rhythmically at the boy while someone bounces someone in her arms.
he draws his sword.
someone throws down his marker.
now at headquarters, they show a perp chart.
he slides it back to his visitor.
he sees someone sitting on the stairs, smoking a cigarette.
someone notices a projection on a wall.
someone pops up from behind a sofa with a croissan'wich.
someone, wearing a helmet, sits in the racecar driver's seat and points toward the camera.
stepping into a doorway, he sees someone hunched over paperwork in an office across the hall.
while his hostage eats, someone reaches forward and picks up the handheld video game.
inside, someone sits at a vanity, smoking a cigarette.
boasting over four weeks, the man draws a gun.
someone sets his foot down.
stepping forward, someone picks up a screwdriver and adjusts the toy's wind-up mechanism.
as she pushes her rebreather, its pack snags on a rock.
now someone carries over a flat screen tv.
someone slides his hands up the trunk, then steps back and gazes up at the tall tree.
later still, she turns away from a door, clad in black.
he calls up a map.
he dips a finger in for a taste, then moves a pan onto a burner and pours the eggs in.
someone sits on a chair, where he finds someone's knitting.
beside her father, forcing him more into the middle as she takes a corner of the blanket.
at a rest stop, someone walks her dog on a leash.
as a juror, someone reacts broadly.
audience members bop their heads and shimmy their shoulders.
the woman's eyes turn into granite like stone that spreads over her entire body.
someone shuts off her car and stays seated.
someone grins sardonically.
he gives her a long, gentle kiss on the lips, then remains
someone walks alongside her as her head emerges.
he shuts his eyes.
she turns and gives someone an inquiring look,
someone averts his heartbroken gaze, then furrows his brow.
he holds it out.
someone lowers his gaze and adds a final word.
he tosses it in.
someone gives a conceding nod.
someone reaches a steel door and halts.
his mouth agape, someone falls flat on his back.
in the background, a staffer turns off the conference room lights.
someone breaks part of the wall away to reveal an electronic device inside.
the penguins crowd him.
it lodges in the left eye of a man wearing a mask of the moon.
they find her in the living room.
someone struggles to make the sharp u-turn.
someone watches her father rise from the couch and answer his phone.
someone looks up and notices ancient greek words, which transform to read, camp half-blood,
the destroyer's visor slides down and its head glows with energy.
someone stares past someone and frowns.
two maids bustle out leaving someone and someone alone.
his face flush, the boy lowers his arms apologetically.
someone shakes his head disbelievingly and smiles to himself.
it eventually relaxes and grows still.
they all look to someone who checks the computer.
across the way someone sees them.
he turns abruptly and lowers himself into the grass.
the four firing engines lift the someone off the ground.
someone smiles, and looks at the passengers from her jump seat.
someone flinches slightly at the gun shots.
plucked chickens hang in the window which frames a view of someone handing the salami over a counter to a butcher.
someone removes the handcuffs.
robert stares at someone, then grins and sits.
they follow him toward an expo building while firing bullets through the windows.
someone lifts the former nerd.
he glances at someone who turns and leads him to dr.
nothing happens.
comes off the counter
it soars low over the american fleet.
at the camera shop, someone collects his developed film.
he opens it.
the team moves along the ridge, keeping his eager gaze fixed on the older surfers.
he pats her arm.
someone stands and raises his arms.
bullets hit the hood, sending sparks flying.
someone catches air then races down the forest road and rounds a bend.
finishing, someone fiercely points downward.
later, the escaping men rush into the yard, clobbering guards and stealing their weapons.
removing her helmet, she shakes out her curly hair.
someone stops and slowly turns to face the other men.
follows baby face who backs up to a side door.
someone puts on his shoes as a military police officer walks into the room.
he slams the gate on his fingers.
someone takes the french woman's hand.
now someone and someone find a large indoor pool, filled with leaves and dark stagnant water.
standing in the cemetery beneath a statue of a hooded figure, someone checks his pocket watch.
as the lift doors are closing, a man jams his arms in the doors and pushes them open.
reclining on a sofa, someone struggles to sit up.
his model ship rests in a large case.
a doorman holds out his hand.
glancing back up to her monitor, she finds someone's profile with a smiling photo.
she crosses her finger
turning thoughtfully to his son, someone sees him leaning against the bank of lockers with his arms crossed.
and follows his gaze to the wing.
the driver flies from the truck, landing in the dirt.
someone interviews someone.
he gives a slow, creepy wave.
now someone walks his bike past someone's door.
a picture of someone's shapely pink-panty clad backside appears onscreen.
in slow motion, he fires.
someone crouches over the manuscript, letting the backs of his fingers rest on the top page.
someone regards him thoughtfully.
in the hall, someone reaches a dead end and backtracks.
someone lies on the ground clutching his chest.
she signals to someone and backs away, hand on her rifle.
someone runs up to someone.
he reaches for a plastic bag.
outside, someone approaches her car and hands over her valet ticket.
on finding someone's letter, she smiles.
now, someone uses a cable and harness with armpit straps and a neck brace to hoist up his captive in the white tiled area.
now, at 3:42 a.m, someone stalks back toward someone's tent, totally naked.
he pauses at an image of someone holding someone.
someone takes another sopping wet article of
she looks at him with a withering gaze.
someone pulls a piece of paper from his pocket and hands it to him.
he looks down from someone's piercing glare.
he catches his breath as she answers.
hundreds of double serving packages spill out, all containing pink round snack cakes.
lowering his chin, someone stares piercingly at his opponent, who shifts uncertainly.
someone glances toward the railroad track as he walks near the edge of the platform.
someone's brother averts his worried gaze.
someone extends his arms, drawing the soldiers toward him, then pulls his elbows down, causing them to fall.
someone turns away and pads toward the doors.
in the distance, twin lights barely pierce the storm on either side of the road.
rounding a corner, she lifts her arm and finds her clock counting down from ten seconds.
someone locks eyes with him and he regretfully tightens his lips.
on a large rain-soaked courtyard stretching before them, 100s of students in identical crimson uniforms stand in tidy ranks.
clutching it, someone also holds an umbrella.
someone pushes his wheelchair, then stops and faces him.
the slipping truck veers right, and the pushed car slams into something.
on the roof, a bridge slides away from the aircraft which is shaped like an upright torpedo.
she picks it up and checks the caller id.
someone opens the ambulance's back door.
the young men trade angry shove
in an apartment overlooking the street.
someone boots it out.
he enters the bar where women in slinky dresses dance before a live band.
someone and the partygoers rally around someone.
she takes the poker in her hands.
he watches someone scratching.
someone laughs and claps his hands.
someone braces the pistol against his forearm as the plane returns for another pass.
now, a hand raps on a metal door.
wearing a blue shirt with the white printed words no more murders, someone hurries onto the field and gets handed a microphone.
someone opens the door and finds someone outside in the rain.
they lock lips in a breathless kiss.
his thugs hold the citizens at gunpoint.
stepping over to the head of the sleep pod,
later, they exit the stairwell.
below her, the flaming truck swells on the ground.
someone smiles tightly.
a woman with long bangs stands sheepishly.
someone pats someone's shoulder and she pulls her son in for a hug.
and follows her friends.
as the bounty hunter descends the stoop, the arresting officer from the parade swaggers up.
she carefully straddles someone.
someone lies on the couch, watching the cartoon.
in the present, she shoves someone.
as he swings his ax, the man turns and vanishes.
the inspector hangs up the phone then stares intently at someone.
he pauses and shakes his head.
above him, a large gear slowly rotates.
someone climbs back on the canvas cover, then scrambles to the prow.
he sees a woman wearing tight-fitting jeans and thinks he has a match.
as someone takes a look around, the door swings shut behind her.
wearing cowboy boots, the boy walks over the mess.
frowning resentfully, someone paddles away.
she peers at the ground below.
now, a poster shows someone, three others, and the title - portrait of a lost generation.
someone wears jeweled rings on both hands.
now in his loft, someone works on a painting as dawn breaks outside his windows.
he joins her.
she touches her chest.
someone looks up at someone, who smiles.
as someone leafs through several more books,
someone leaps from a nearby rooftop and drives her double-bladed sword through the back of the destroyer's neck.
someone, someone, and someone all turn their heads in unison.
then props his head on his hand.
as someone rappels down the vertical wall, someone watches her from above.
as someone rises with his flaming cylindrical container in hand, someone shoves fabric into the top of his own oil-filled container.
pulled over, someone kicks his leg back and hits again to a bouncy castle.
close-ups of a pen show him writing the dates on more letters to someone.
a gloved hand in the or reaches for a syringe, then a clamp, then discards bloody gauze.
someone sits at a work station.
someone takes this in, then turns his gaze out toward the water.
on a plane, he talks with someone.
she collects a teapot from the kitchen table and turns her attention to the sink.
someone removes a school photo from an album.
someone's father watches the kissing couple with a wistful smile.
someone halts and faces the others.
they approach a building.
someone enters the plate in their system.
our view drifts up the side of the building to the roof
they all reappear in the sky.
someone regards the younger man with a calm, sad expression.
someone watches tenderly.
now, at a college campus, someone folds up his cane in a hallway.
someone drops his dejected gaze.
from the archway, he spies a french window that stands ajar.
he pops a candy into his mouth and climbs into bed fully clothed.
he reloads then runs up a staircase.
now in a forest road, two motorcars douse their headlights as they creep forward and park on the dirt shoulder.
someone stands and walks slightly bent over.
she drops her emptied handgun and raises an automatic rifle.
joining hands they run further out into the glistening lake.
back in the present, someone's face ceases tearfully.
someone turns to someone, who glares at him.
he finally catches her in his arms.
someone taps a car with his board.
in a bar someone makes some calls.
puddle.
a factory style window shows a nighttime view of a light snowfall and a car traveling the warmly lit street.
the scroll floats out.
mr. case throws his checkbook to the counter.
with someone on the floor, he grabs his shoulder, then scoots away as the monster bares her fangs at him.
he returns someone's smart phone.
she runs past the paparazzi.
someone kicks the ball and it smashes someone's face.
he lifts a hand hesitantly, then tugs down on the skin beneath his eye.
grinning, he speeds ahead of the truck.
he shoves the old man toward the entrance
holding a sword, someone stands over someone.
someone watches the other soldiers fight off one another as they try to climb a flagpole.
someone flicks the spinner.
from a few blocks away, we see dirt and someone billow up from a roof as the boys bust through.
stopped at a red light, someone watches it in her rear view mirror as it slows and pulls up to her right side.
someone enters her room.
with his brow tensed, the suited driver retrieves his cellphone.
someone paws at the air, her eyes still shut.
as the woman roams the empty apartment, the dark-haired man climbs the stairs with a box.
one zombie grabs the metal frame by little someone's seat.
he scowls.
now, a puffy cumulus cloud dominates the lower half of a sky view.
someone covers someone with a blanket, then turns off the video and switches off the light.
in disguise, someone walks an airport's bustling skyway.
she offers police reports.
then smiles sadly.
he takes off his jacket.
it shifts to james monroe elementary.
someone and a young woman follow the sidewalk in front of his apartment building.
someone eyes it, then looks to a staring co-worker.
wadded tissues plug someone's nose.
seated before his typewriter, someone lowers his hands to his lap.
as she pulls away, someone's brow lifts slightly.
she gives someone a hug.
a witch rides on a flying broomstick through a thunderstorm.
she sets her gun on the floor.
someone answers his cellphone.
the pierced hacker turns the woman's back to a wall,
someone and someone kneel at someone's side, finding a wound in his midsection.
citizens hurry over and line up as the proprietor doles out his newly acquired wealth.
she lowers her head and wipes her mouth.
someone takes his jacket.
someone looks firmly at someone, his face shiny with perspiration.
she steps away from someone.
his chest heaves as he glares down at the tiger.
someone raps lightly on the wood.
as someone strides away, someone
and the boy leads the horse into a yard.
someone starts to slide away but someone grabs the hem of his coat.
inside the allied headquarters, a guard ushers someone into an interrogation room and hands him his eyeglasses.
sets it at a precise angle in a wooden case, and slides a glass door close in front of it.
the inspector hurries back into his office and slides down a fireman's pole.
someone pushes the beads aside.
the chief scans a rusted metal girder and other someone littering the floor.
someone ends a chat with a colleague and approaches someone.
as her kisses grow more passionate,
the crescent shaped ship rotates, its blunted ends turning toward the human's vessel as it rises into the sky.
open doors reveal a home theater.
someone extracts a bullet from noodles' tactical vest.
someone turns her head away and presses her lips together suppressing a smile.
in the room, someone kisses someone's neck.
hundreds of roaches pour out of the doll and scuttle into a heap.
someone unbuttons his shirt and someones smile fades.
a guy wearing a brimmed hat steps down to the floor and confronts the cameraman.
smiles and shakes her head.
he then moves his fingers to his own forehead.
delighted, someone immediately prints it off.
someone listens as a band records in his studio.
outside the truck, someone gives his jacket to someone.
someone's large green eyes glisten.
looking away, someone nods awkwardly.
he sneers and winds up with his fist.
now, in a large abandoned space, someone shoves the stranger onto a leather bench, then crosses to a wall of dirty broken windows.
the fire dancing around his skull dims in a billow of smoke and ghost rider staggers, swatting at it.
his acolytes tilt their eyes back.
connected to the horse shoe shaped panel by streams of green energy.
an exoskeletal point resembling a giant
someone's pen bumps the paper too hard and spills ink on the deed.
now at the staples center, the lakers and the kings warm up.
someone leads four dancers downstage.
later, each couple holds a coconut between them.
now facing a mirror, someone dabs tinted gloss on her full lips, then smiles at herself.
someone meets her gaze with a grateful look.
someone waves his hand dismissively.
someone leans down and takes a look between her legs.
at home, facing a window, someone holds the fan and traces characters with her fingertip on the glass pane.
donning glasses, someone peers excitedly at the spider.
her pulled back hair is now shoulder length.
someone takes a large swig before setting the bottle on a table, and entering the bedroom.
noticing the commotion across the room.
someone stops dancing and stares.
master someone cocks his head.
the shooter gazes.
he goes to an elevator door and answers it to reveal a sexy woman in a flight attendant's uniform.
someone tosses two balls from one hand.
the others flock to the zookeeper, including captain who leaves someone's side.
he smiles modestly.
someone hugs her sister.
they watch the judges confer with the ref.
someone lowers her gaze and bites her bottom lip.
someone turns to look in at the others through the french windows.
as someone pins him by the neck, someone reaches into his coat.
he opens the covered bed.
the students follow his gaze to their professor, whose shoulders sag disappointedly.
he tilts his head alertly.
holding her hands, roger sniffs his finger.
on the ridge, someone takes a running start and leaps from the edge.
a capuchin sticks out its tongue.
her lips tighten and she shakes her head, looking skyward.
the search party members leave the rundown house behind.
crouching to someone, he shakes his head.
a woman serves milk to a young girl sucking a lollipop.
he opens her shirt, looks at her naked body,
later, someone poses so the alien looks like it's giving him a blow job.
the mohawked crewman gives a nod.
they freeze.
now in her bathroom, someone faces a mirror.
facing someone, he jerks his thumb upward.
someone covers someone's eyes.
someone faces all the penguins
someone gives a patient shrug.
the android tilts his head curiously and touches some spilling down the side with a gloved finger.
someone opens an armored case, revealing two rows of metallic objects.
a small vent stands ajar.
several aliens drop from the ceiling.
he yanks a man from the tower, grabs the flag and proudly shows it to someone.
the truck flies through an enormous concrete drainpipe, toppling the tractor-trailer carrying it.
he nuzzles her neck then stares lustfully at her.
he fidgety hands move to untie her bathrobe
someone mouths thank you to someone.
as someone mimes urinating, someone imagines ghost rider shooting out a powerful stream of fire.
in the kitchen he pours a bowl of cereal.
the fingers curl around it and the hand withdraws.
standing on the raft grid, someone holds onto the boat's hull rope as he looks on.
at a nearby table, he pulls a chair out for someone.
the clerk hits a button on his desk.
he goes to the sink and washes his hands.
an intricately decorated puppet gestures angrily.
in the dimly lit backroom of a tailor shop, a tailor lays out a work in progress over a table then stands upright and finds heinrich facing him.
now a photographer stands in the middle of a field littered with the bodies of union soldiers.
bending over, she picks up a piece of someone's disposable phone.
later, someone clutches his side.
someone gets out and gazes toward the cottage.
her shots rip side by side paths of holes in the wood then lift to three gunmen in the adjacent room, killing one after another.
he climbs up the staged window and shows a prop tooth.
someone gives his son two thumbs up.
someone stands hunched over the table.
as two agents draw closer, she charges.
outside, his parents pull up.
he folds his hands.
a white mustached judge gestures adamantly.
inside, he finds a name written in a child's shaky cursive.
someone lifts an object the size of a large beach ball.
revealing her tiny bound foot still wrapped in bandages.
as the lanky figure draws near, we recognize someone's face.
clothes and papers litter someone' hotel room floor.
someone checks his body clock which shows an hour and ten minutes.
someone's wide eyes fix intensely on someone.
someone opens his cardigan and puts freckles on the bed.
someone looks down uncomfortably.
next to them a silver-haired man fills out paperwork beside a gum-smacking blonde.
now, people buy produce at a bustling farmers' market.
entering the kitchen she heads right past the two publishers to a counter.
someone stops the elevator.
someone shoots someone a pleading look.
someone sits back down.
she takes out a hair clip and fluffs her shoulder-length hair with both hands.
the therapist shakes her hands out and covers up with her skirt.
then they roll into the middle and lie side by side.
someone rolls his eyes.
someone eyes a large screen showing president bush.
he crosses to a windowsill as the cat watches him from a chair.
someone lowers her wounded gaze.
their mother arrives and kisses someone's cheek.
now fully dressed, someone opens his front door and finds a wooden crate waiting for him in a hallway.
tears continue to well up in her eyes as she watches her father in the doorway.
he pushes them away.
the lead cruiser veers to one side and passes a u-haul truck.
he regards her through his one narrowed eye.
someone rests one hand on his wife's shoulder and the other on someone's wrist.
someone's head was resting on the door and it drops,
as someone looks up from the door, a hooded figure nears.
nearby, a car's side mirror reflects a man smoking a cigar as he watches someone's uncle through sunglasses.
his mother smiles at him and lifts her eyebrows.
someone folds his arms behind his back.
brackets on the boards hold water bottles.
the king stands and thumps his spear on the floor.
she peeks out her apartment door into the hall.
piata confetti flurries around him as he dives sideways, shooting a mohawked biker in the chest.
someone gives a troubled frown as she peers at it over her lady's shoulder.
as the others stare, someone and someone look more closely.
he glances back at her, then enters the hotel.
behind her back, several guys crudely thrust their pelvises.
she carries her plate away.
riding in a limo, someone makes a call.
someone reaches out, cradles her face in her hand,
with glistening eyes, someone looks down to find someone holding a dagger to her own heart.
outside the penguins cross a wet sidewalk bordered by mounds of snow.
our view widens to take in all of the battling demigods on the training field.
someone watching the class.
someone hobbles toward him, panting.
they propel someone high into the air.
someone shakes his fists and walks into the backyard.
outside, the chopper's rotors spin.
the burly prisoner turns to the guard as he puts his hat back on.
someone's face appears on the monitor.
a shocked someone stands out in the open watching the car drive off.
he stops, turns the other way, then turns back again.
she examines her door locks.
someone notices a website for a pet shelter on her browser.
dressed in a suit and hat, someone walks up to the chalk outline of a body drawn around a pool of blood.
someone tilts her head.
someone watches, frowning as someone rides off across the plains.
someone pats her rear end.
he staggers and steadies himself on a railing as he moves along.
placing a hand on her shoulder,
someone glances around, then stands.
and gives a relieved sigh.
at the park, someone faces her family.
coat, revealing a black sparkling top with a matching cardigan and pants.
elsewhere someone steps into an elegant hotel lobby.
someone touches someone's leg.
two spectators stare curiously at someone and he nods at someone.
they peer across the now empty street.
he clutches her shoulders, returning the embrace.
his gaze troubled, the doctor shifts thoughtfully in his chair.
at a second look, she finds the staircase as plain as ever.
secret service agent james joins a woman wearing a headset.
someone gives her a kiss but she pulls away and hugs him.
a dark-haired man, major allen, turns to his left and gazes into the distant sky.
now someone steps through a door and stops with a slight smile.
then sets off across the tarmac with someone at his side.
the boy holds up one hand, and slowly sweeps it through the air in front of him.
a small boy runs into someone.
someone exhales wearily through pursed lips, then picks up the box containing the manuscript and leans back in her chair.
now the state puffed marshmallow man sit neatly in its box.
with a mournful gaze, one them holds out sir someone's sword.
gazing over the gaming floor, the agent notices women joining men in private alcove
he follows someone over to the wall.
she cranks the wheel and they turn onto a cross street.
he mouths to someone, what's up?
it bathes her doe-like eyes and rosy cheeks.
the woman reprises a few pelvic thrusts at the shelves, irritably grabs her dress and clutch and flounces off.
inside, someone look wearily.
now, someone creeps to the mouth of the cave, clutching a set of bicycle handlebars.
someone sets her purse at the end of the bar and sits beside a short brown-haired man.
he removes the sheath from a scalpel.
the plane turns upright, and a still unconscious someone falls on some passengers.
someone curiously cocks his head and someone stares at him calmly.
a goateed man wearing a black turtleneck trench coat and eye patch strides up to someone.
a man dressed in white notices her,
someone cocks his head, then turns away.
aiming at him, someone gives a mocking wince.
someone rushes into the control cab, grabs someone and drags him across the floor and tosses him over the railing.
glancing anxiously toward the hallway.
now the mustang drives an empty road lined with abandoned warehouses.
someone holds up a check.
foot soldiers patrol close to the surf
she races faster.
with her mouth agape she drops the books
the boy rides on a miniature railway.
he mixes shades of emerald and white to form a pale green.
nearing he vehicle, someone slows and aims his gun.
elsewhere, lady gaga wearing a huge hat obscuring her face high fives someone.
padding his rear end with a life vest, he dawns the floral dress and a long wig.
he turns and stalks off.
as they enter the dim cave, he turns on a string of christmas lights overhead.
meter maid recoils from a burning ticket.
someone stops at the center, his body convulsing.
someone thoughtfully hovers his pen over the blank signature line.
he returns to the vestibule and closes the door to the hall.
a video camera stands on a tripod facing someone.
across the street, a vendor shoos the unruly boys away and they move on.
someone drops down out of the camera shot.
wearing scrubs his girlfriend climbs into bed.
he glares toward her feet and she mouths, sorry.
someone ducks behind a ridge as a spotlight sweeps past her.
she strolls out, leaving the manager grinning.
someone stands and gazes up at someone clinging to the rising bomber.
the dancers lean over and back up, edging close to someone and someone.
in the daybreak offices, she stands in a doorway staring down, and puts her hand on her hip.
holding his side, she guides him to the lower bed beside her own.
words at the top, which jumble to read,
behind her, someone raises his belt and brings it down hard on her back.
the boy turns and mr.
as the curtain rises, someone resumes his work.
then initiates a transaction on the website for dorfman bank.
she holds a telephone at her shoulder.
passenger door arrives at someone's apartment building.
he pauses, his smile vanishing.
at sid's bail bonds, teresa chews gum as she strolls to the phone and answers it.
someone looks someone in the eye.
within asgard, the grey bearded king leads a blonde boy and a black-haired boy to the glowing box.
as she draws near, we recognize her flotation device has bananas wrapped in netting.
someone stares grimly at holloway.
as he sets it on the bar, she spies his wedding ring.
someone carries a toolbox to the apartment building's entrance.
meanwhile, someone kisses her.
shades of peach represent the subject's
she self-consciously brushes her hair away from her face.
a chubby man arrives.
someone digs into a piece of strawberry cream pie, and takes a bite.
someone faces him wearily.
someone aims his someone gun.
a man offers his paddle.
the city gleams far below.
someone catches his wrist then vanishes.
someone blasts him against the submarine.
he doffs his cloak.
balancing on one foot, the woman sweeps an arm in an arc behind her head, and holds the other gently crooked before her.
one of someone's bullets pierces the vehicle back tire, causing the suv to tip on its side.
someone drinks the bottle of spirits.
later, someone aims a camera.
tears shine on his face.
later, someone and someone watch the sisters drive off in the escalade.
later someone slips the card key into his coat pocket as he sneaks into a hotel suite.
he opens the door to a store room filled with liquor bottles.
the girls scurry into a queen-size bed and pull over the blankets, pretending to sleep.
someone glances at the other interrogator, then lifts someone from the chair and carries her out.
someone gives a small nod and goes.
the children join them.
later, someone turns the key in her front door and slips inside.
his limousine passes.
as a pup moves in to scan the revealed chamber, someone kneels just on the other side of the door.
he eats his daughter's dessert instead.
on a mountain, a red and white cell tower overlooks the sprawling valley.
someone frowns to himself and swallows hard.
the biker wipes out into a truck, busting open its side gate and spilling flammable propane tanks onto the pavement.
he walks away, but someone stays pinned
later with someone, someone threads a chunk of raw animal flesh.
her lips parted curiously as someone dips his hand in the water.
kneeling beside someone, someone glances toward the desert as a thin vapor trail rises then arcs toward them.
someone's sister opens the door.
someone walks into the kitchen and glances at an empty table.
he stops and allows them to walk between his legs, then waddles on after them.
someone's gaze sweeps down his body and finds him naked from the waist down.
the televisions sputter, then cut out abruptly.
someone sits primly.
charcoal portraits decorate the walls.
he backs out of his parking spot and follows after the others.
they veer back into the flow.
he sees an arriving police car and backs into a recess by a set of double doors.
she tries to free her foot but cannot.
a whole chinese family is indeed staring at them from the on-suite bathroom display.
someone's big brown eyes brim with tears and she pulls someone into a passionate kiss.
she winces.
as someone moves off, someone faces his colleagues and emphatically mouths, wow.
in a hazy flashback, a tow headed boy runs into a crowd.
a glowing circle appears in iron man's hand.
support beams to find the kayak arriving below.
someone gives a wide grin.
the creature's skull turns toward the wreckage.
turning on the light, he pulls the door shut, then hikes up his skirt to find his padded girdle in the way.
stopping, he peers into the backyard then slides open a patio door.
she fills up a bottle with tap water.
someone reverts his gaze as she
a wreath of flowers holds her snowy veil upon her head.
later, agents haul the criminals to vehicles parked in front of the school.
someone's ears stand straight up as he stares at the inspector.
the zombie's teeth chomp through the curtain and her tongue slithers out, dripping black slime.
the coach hauls someone, slung over his shoulder.
tosses glen the keys.
backed high with white suitcases.
he waves his hands in front of himself.
someone joins someone and someone.
someone glances towards someone who adjusts her drum set.
later, a security guard leads someone into an archive facility.
she sees someone and someone leaving the building and watches unnoticed as he drapes an arm over her shoulders.
he slides the ring back on his finger.
he nods to the official's opponent who leaves.
someone turns to someone,
on one magazine cover, someone is iron man.
in the back the techie lights a cigarette and blows smoke at the tall young man.
a cigarette dangles from her lips.
water gushes out, quickly flooding the floor.
they jumped over a chain fence and into a backyard.
he spins it.
they enter a plush open-plan area at the end of which is a glass-walled boardroom,
a photo of someone appears on the tv behind the bar.
he looks back with a grin.
a waiter brings a pastry with a candle.
now, they carry the boards into the surf.
as someone leads her across a catwalk, her smile falters.
in a lobby, someone sips a drink.
he gives a gentle grin and she gazes at him earnestly.
someone thoughtfully lifts her wineglass.
in other clips, revelers push a chariot across the sky.
someone smiles and drops her eyes.
she peeks nervously at him as he nears.
little someone grins.
now, baby face reaches an unpaved road.
someone rubs his lips thoughtfully as he looks at someone and nods.
working his jaw, someone briefly returns his vulnerable gaze to the stranger's house, then droops his head forward.
tethered a few yards off, the lifeboat appears empty and peaceful.
other troopers fall back toward the base as they fire at approaching soldier.
he sets down a newspaper article featuring someone's name and photo as the credited writer.
the note sticks to the tire of a passing bicycle.
someone studies his dragon ring, turning it to catch the light.
miss someone is on her bike and was hit by a taxi.
as he spins her around, they kiss.
tribal shaman elder lifts his face to the dark sky.
later, the ambulance speeds back followed by cars.
as someone mounts the horse, he sees someone run off across the backs of the herd.
wearing only boxers someone grabs his shirt then faces her and slaps his ample belly.
in unison, his students sit at the platform's perimeter.
now he rests a hand on her heaving chest as he plants kisses along her thigh.
and squeezes between the armored truck and a wall, side swiping both on his way through.
his partner rushes out to him.
the cia officer and a security escort lead someone through a door and into a hallway.
someone embraces him.
someone kisses someone's forehead.
the sun sinks low in the sky, casting long shadows across the yard,
someone nods and glances uncomfortably at someone as they ride on.
a coffin stands in front of the alter.
someone sits on a low wall.
someone grins at the intruder.
someone notices his wife staring off.
someone flees after the others as the destroyer fires a beam that slices up the street behind them.
now someone joins his friends at the bar.
someone walks up to someone' table.
thank you for traveling all this way to celebrate our daughter's wedding.
someone's body levitates out of the submarine.
she makes her way to a bank of wooden lockers and skims her gaze over their numbers.
someone sits alone on a sofa, going through papers.
he pans over the blurry faces of people standing across the street from someone.
someone looks over.
now in free fall, the two men continue to fight as they float weightlessly.
beyond his reflection in the water, someone someone watches a slim fish swim by with a soft blue glow trailing behind it.
someone sits safely in the buoyant bobbing bug.
the jet banks right, heading for the fleet.
someone glances out the window.
slowing, the car pulls up alongside the corral beside the modest stables.
her shoulders sag and she gives a disappointed look.
an aerial of the bone yard reveals nothing but roiling white foam.
a bearded man with shoulder length hair pats someone on the back.
later, as people dance, someone chats with someone and someone.
she claps a hand to her mouth, and the image freezes.
someone stands back and appraises the complex skyline
someone releases two into the air.
someone slaps his hand.
he walks towards someone who uncocks his weapon and holsters it.
she whips the sauce.
she writhes miserably in her bonds.
as sister poses for mugshots, a newspaper headline reads.
now a video camera captures someone entering a lobby.
someone focuses on the label reading bulletproof.
as he runs through a doorway, a bald man tosses someone a shotgun then attacks someone.
someone's brow furrows as he listens.
the suit's thrusters shut off.
the muscles in her neck tense as she grits her teeth.
he opens her door.
as they go, someone dials a number on the borrowed cellphone.
she stares in surprise.
morning, someone feels someone's flushed brow as she lies in bed.
someone watches the film, then thumbs through the notebook.
they laugh happily together.
mr. case's smile wilts a little.
he hangs up his jacket.
someone takes the list, then dashes around a few tables, and starts across the lawn.
he hugs someone.
beyond a circle of waltzing couples, someone sits snacking on nuts.
in the hive, someone leads her trainees to a young woman's workstation.
someone steps out from behind him and fires a blaster.
entering a sitting room with a cigarette between her lips she sits down at her laptop.
someone stumbles and falls onstage.
the pair leaves.
someone presses two buttons on the control panel.
more fish die and float to the surface of the gurgling pool.
in the bio lab, someone peers into a windowed case and seize the canister.
the someone's back grinds against the wall as he continues to plunge downward.
then evades body blows by swiveling with
as someone stares at the spectacle, his head tips side to side as well.
someone adverts her troubled gaze.
the cop leaves and she pulls herself up.
someone approaches the stage and pulls up a chair beside someone, who is focused on eating.
someone carries the primate to the top of a dune.
sitting beside her, someone leans back and smiles.
someone takes out a cigarette.
weapons raised, the actors creep across the set.
he wears a ring.
he lifts his brow.
the boy solemnly steps up on one of the white-stone beams and approaches the basin.
a flying zombie drips blood onto a windshield before crashing into it and knocking away the title.
later at a press conference, senator brandt stands at a podium.
back at the girls school, a teacher greets someone and someone.
the ntsb officer places a recorder on someone's bed.
they approach a gate leading to a cemetery filled with snow dusted statues of hooded figures standing with their hands clasped and their heads bowed.
now perched on a toilet, he tenses.
someone pulls a lever and the catwalk slides apart, leaving someone and someone on opposite sides.
he slings the garbage bag over his shoulder.
someone enters the enclosure with an armful of posts.
a squad car pulls next to them.
they both look round.
struggling, he manages to lift the strap over his head.
as sister leans down, someone's mouth hangs open and her brow furrows.
someone mockingly mimes an overbite.
as he leaves, someone buries her face in her hands outside
holding each other close, someone and someone gaze into each other's eyes.
someone's hand squeezes.
someone glances at the teacher as the dance slows.
an underlying song title at the top of a page reads, one wing.
unlocking it, he lifts the lid and gazes in.
then creeps toward it.
as he watches someone shooting his guards and acolytes, someone runs onto the stage and punches him out.
someone springs up and shoots someone in the chest.
sister stays seated and looks toward them.
shutting her flashlight off,
someone lowers his sleeve.
passing the mechanism containing the glowing blue energy source, he creeps toward the back of the chair.
now helpless, he raises his head and sees himself unfastening his pants on screen.
she holds up her wad of cash.
at the cottage, someone picks up the cat's bowl from outside the front door and looks out over the yard.
in his study, someone's father paints a figurine.
later he enters a sleek apartment, decorated in grays and browns.
she barely smiles.
someone grasps it in his tightly restrained hand and stares down at it.
he arrives at his brother's desk.
as he sticks his head under water, gills appear on either side.
someone casts someone a fascinated look, then follows her father downstairs.
he takes another drink.
someone looks at the mechanic.
as someone grins at him, someone lets out a breath and soberly holds the boy's gaze.
someone paces again to the wall serving as her makeshift bulletin board and faces him.
she shrugs her shoulders, then does a break dancing arm wave, and stops facing someone.
someone picks up a large shovel.
inside, she leans back against a wall as she unbuttons his dress shirt.
as they speed into the park, a crowd of zombies staggers toward them.
someone looks on with a mournful gaze.
reaching the end of the table she quickly rushes around to the outer control panel.
claw bursts out and slices through his sternum.
standing, someone grips the locket necklace in his shaking left hand.
he sits in chair.
back at the lab, someone sets up a network of cables around a metal cage in the someone circle.
the backstage manager's gaze follows it as it lands on the floor at his feet.
someone brings a bottle of champagne.
water droplets sag off the gate at the docks.
the straight haired boy looks up at his father.
someone draws a slip of paper and reads.
as the guards by the portico aim their weapons,
watching trees pass the window.
later, he returns home.
someone accelerates and taps her again.
he leans toward ziggy.
someone enters the bedroom.
as the water swells, one of the surfers drops down the face of a glossy 25-foot wave.
someone raises an eyebrow and blinks at his daughter.
someone saunters toward her son as he counts out one-dollar bills.
someone regards the space with a calm expression.
as the teen accepts it the principal pats him on the arm and steps away.
he tries the handle then pounds on its frosted window.
she keeps trying.
large square black and white photographs of bare mutilated feet cover one wall.
the hummer pulls onto a fenced in drive in front of a sprawling mansion.
someone wears the sheet like a toga.
she unwraps it, revealing a thick book.
bystanders clap.
later, someone cuts a film strip with scissors.
watching sister's hand caress her thigh, someone sips his drink.
his tears landing on the stage below.
a blonde man joins diesel.
jeanette puts a towel around the fighter's neck.
behind them, a woman with dark curly hair and high cheek bones faces us.
now someone leads someone past a wall.
an opposing team member knocks him down.
peering inside through the floor to ceiling windows.
fixing his suit jacket he continues downstairs.
someone's friends rush over to him and someone.
muscular guy watches, as someone sits up.
she steps forward as ghost rider stands, cradling someone's limp form in his arms.
he resolutely shakes his head.
someone grapples with an ice giant who grips someone's arm searing the flesh as it burned.
he gives a nod.
they continue walking.
someone listens to the radio.
as someone stands, he plucks a red ring box from a nest of fresh flowers.
a bandage covers one side of his head as dr.
he takes an envelope.
the board shoots out of the water with someone unseen and someone smiles from the beach.
all eyes turn to someone.
the five others fling the flower, the pig into the air.
they dash upstairs as the thugs move on.
she salutes, then heads over.
someone gives him a look, then faces king someone.
later in his office, someone sees someone wave as she passes his window.
someone glances at her peers, then eagerly leaves her seat.
someone crosses to the living room where the penguins gather around a scattering of stones from a hearth.
someone climbs the car.
he hangs up.
someone grins at his earnest gaze, laughs a little, and steps into a kiss.
she obediently removes the cape like garment and sets it down, then yanks out the lacings of his tunic setting it aside as well.
as more of someone's thugs run up, snowy pushes over a crate of cans and spills them across the dock.
someone stares at her, then averts his stricken gaze.
a portly man in black, seated in a corner, speaks up.
as the reunited family heads down hill, someone finds mr. edelweiss perched by her side.
he starts to jog down the walkway and the people strolling past glance at him.
someone stands aloofly among the other girls.
someone pushes someone.
man shows a ring.
someone looks at three daytime moons in the sky.
he fights his way free then grabs a huge pistol and blows the monster away.
someone peers in someone's direction, then reaches out to her.
someone pants excitedly, his lips curled into a faint smile.
he presses someone's chest and the dead man's eyes open.
someone shifts her stare then fixes it on him.
someone turns away someone sits on her bed and pulls on his jeans.
he smiles and waves.
he tangles a sleeve around the arm of another boy, and wraps the other sleeve around the jacket-wearer's neck.
on a patio, someone sits in a lounge chair, drinking a beer as he reads the manuscript.
the motorcyclist and the three guys on foot join the group and peer at the storm drain.
later outside their school, young students rush passed someone through the rain.
he lurches over.
gently supports someone's head.
he adds shoulders to a grimacing demon within a starburst design.
he knocks a glass off a tray.
she walks out among the tables.
someone looks sternly at her son, her glasses sitting low on her nose.
she races into the kitchen.
then stares past the sign,
in the apartment, someone hangs up.
someone's smile disappears.
now someone cuts open a taped box at her dining table.
the official extends a red flag.
now, someone marches into someone's shed where his mentor tends to a board.
he obeys and someone knocks him out.
someone looks nervously at someone.
later, as emergency crews work the scene, a cop takes someone away.
the redhead faces someone somberly.
now dressed in a suit, someone runs off a bus towards a ferry.
the clerk grows mesmerized by the glowing gemstone on his cane.
the guys scurry across the street to someone's house.
she peers out the passenger window.
flattening herself against the wall, someone evades his detection.
he solemnly locks eyes with her and she beams, cocking her head.
he looks into the camera.
someone pushes a button and the display reads, message deleted.
the carriage rides off revealing someone.
the woman from the coffee shop stands over him.
she goes out as someone retrieves his paper in the nude.
someone flings leaves across the yard, then gathers more in his skimmer.
they watch in the news office.
someone emerges through the haze, gripping someone's handcuffs.
fianc pleads self-defense.
the red head struggles to stop making the odd face.
with a prim glare, the corporate archives manager makes a phone call.
and shoots back to someone's hips.
players and cheerleaders leave the field,
now the two walk along a misty isolated beach.
he looks at a magazine.
his mouth hangs open as he lies across two chairs and sleeps.
someone coldly straightens and looks him in the eye.
sharks converge around the bound sailors, bubbles float to the surface.
now they make punch.
she stirs awake and looks around.
as she leaves the room, the mayor looks at a tv.
whose eyes are closed.
as the strapping guard unlocks a cell, someone eyes two guards in a comfy caged in office.
someone and someone hand a carton of almond milk and two tofu dogs to their grieving son.
now he presses a doorbell.
who wears an unsettled gaze.
and curls up beneath it on a couch.
someone takes a shaky breath as she watches from a doorway.
the hefty man places a someone in someone's cap.
as he steps away, someone swipes another snack cake.
elsewhere in the zoo, two wolves forage within their enclosure.
rolling up his shirt sleeve, he sits facing someone.
by the table, someone stands with the tachyon amplifier strapped over her chest.
the man walks out of a gate on the opposite side then enters a building's front door- which he shuts in someone's face.
someone grabs hold of her trapeze.
someone taps her fingertips together, looking around the room.
she opens them and exhales.
using a bust statuette, he knocks away the remaining glass.
leads the way to the dance floor.
the boy gets up and grabs the salami off the
a boy defiantly holds out torn bread.
he takes out her father's revolver.
someone lunges at him swiping at his legs, but the vampire jumps, flips and lands on a horse behind someone.
someone counts his cash.
now, someone and someone propel their paddleboards over sunlit glassy waters hued a deep peacock blue.
tell me!
someone grabs a man's sign.
she lights the joint.
now he enters the school office where an assistant does paperwork.
he walks his fingers over someone's forehead.
he rotates a security camera and watches someone as he fights his way past several hydra soldiers.
glancing back down the dock, he notices someone body now missing.
obscured by a sweatshirt's pulled up hood.
someone watches as it loops around and swoops past her.
then presses a button on a control panel.
as a robber stands guard behind them, someone follows someone.
she shows her ring.
he cuts the coke.
she smiles, takes in a savoring breath, then inspects the rest of the apartment.
with the raft resting on the canvas cover,
someone bows her head and tightly grips her violin.
he takes out of the datebook and slides it toward the older man.
the inspector grabs someone.
an antiquated pickup barrels into the greenhouse, plowing through statues.
the word "fin" appears on the black screen.
someone's mother heads indoors.
he stops as he sees another car approaching.
someone leaps at him hooks his legs around the bully's neck, and arcs backward, flipping someone over his frame.
later, a beam of light dissipates over the ocean as the sun lowers into the horizon.
the rock star pauses the video.
as someone leads them toward the camera, someone checks on someone who dabs his nose.
a friendly little face stares out from its head.
the students head off the field.
now, someone holds his surfboard, tucked under his arm as they trod into the ocean.
same man standing behind them.
she cranes her lips close to his.
58 seconds remain.
later, he kisses her neck as they dance toward the newlyweds.
outside, someone chews on a toothpick as he strolls.
gritting her teeth, someone watches the robotic arm staple her stomach shut.
aliens clear the road
someone notices someone and mr.
they kiss in bed.
later, someone saunters to her front door carrying a gift.
later he strolls through a park on a pathway between tall leafy trees and approaches vivian sitting on a bench.
someone picks up his shield, but someone wrests it away and smacks someone across the face with it.
as the suv rounds closer, they fire.
he smacks palms with someone.
his smile fades as he gazes around the immaculate living room.
later in his room, someone sits before a typewriter, transcribing his handwritten essay.
now in the kitchen, someone whisks a creamy sauce.
later, she walks into her hotel room and turns on the light.
as someone opens it, ashes and flakes of charred paper spill onto the floor.
a snake-like creature rises from the muck.
watching the front door open, he inches back.
he balances easily.
from overhead, crashing waves sweep white foam onto the stunning california shore.
her weary gaze hangs straight ahead, then she looks directly at someone.
someone wears a strap-on dildo.
rory scoops someone into his arms.
someone puts her hand over her mouth.
unrolling her window a third of the way someone reaches out.
behind her, a gunman smashes through a different part of the roof.
its snow plow clips another car as it barrels into the median and speeds past a line of vehicles stopped on the road.
as the men head out, someone blinks bewilderedly.
someone leans closer to the bank of microphones.
later, as the girls lie in bed together, someone traces characters on someone's bare back.
later, as someone pushes a measuring wheel over the footpath, a camel walks beside him.
now among dark clouds at night, lightning flashes.
he flashes a grin at them then resumes drinking.
someone drops the oar and retreats to the prow beam.
she stares, her jaw slack.
a secretary looks in.
sits at the desk, staring at the phone.
now someone lie supine on the ground.
under water, he peers through the murky deep.
someone throws an air punch.
and approaches the dining table.
everything freezes.
someone in a bright yellow turtleneck, shouts up to someone.
someone takes a seat on a balustraded balcony area.
too revealing?"
he slices the left side of the car away.
as the president and his entourage walk through the doorway, the guard enters a code on a keypad.
someone flails his flaming cape at sir someone,
portions of cheese are in front of him and the photo.
someone looks up from his coins.
with a grin, he steps to the side dragging his foot and tracking a long smear.
he puts it in his backpack, heaves a deflated sigh, and shifts his thoughtful gaze.
a movie plays on a tv at a video store.
he kisses her cheek.
now, in an office, a model human head wears sunglasses with a camera on one lens.
heading out, he pauses at the door and glances solemnly back at her.
he heads away, passing someone, who stares at someone, her arms crossed.
someone faces someone who blows on his fingers like a gun barrel and flashes a cocky smile.
a bespectacled someone kisses someone on the lips until she pushes him off.
with a little pout, she enters.
the mutant leaps on wallace's stomach and the crewman spews blood.
now, someone opens the front door and enters a room veiled in shadow.
the father looks from him to someone.
now, someones friends visit at the hospital.
he picks up a model train car and hands it to someone.
the stern-faced woman stares down at the seated girl.
the score reads, "someone 1, someone 0."
the center ones spew fire at the teens.
the camera zooms in on his face, and his name flashes below it.
someone gets out of a car.
the girls file out.
someone sits facing someone.
they notice someone.
as they enter the darkened apartment, someone knocks over a lamp.
someone empties the garbage bag on a pool table then runs onstage with more money.
he pulls up another watermelon.
waking, she takes in her surroundings.
spinning out of control, someone's truck rams off a motorcycle and barrel rolls over a line of parked cars.
the subject gazes off with a stoic expression hinting at wisdom beyond her years.
the drunk young woman reluctantly makes her way to the center of the party.
who stares off thoughtfully with an infant strapped to her back.
on fire, the mutant speedily scales a smooth wall, then leaps down, tackling a crewman.
someone stares at his father.
she cups his cheeks and kisses him.
she stops in front of a white-haired man.
someone leans over and kisses someone on the cheek, then wipes off her lipstick someone.
he flourishes his arms.
she climbs out and buries her face in a colorful towel.
sister approaches a center microphone, walking seductively.
she holds a small box.
her gun shoots him in the crouch.
now someone takes someone to an enormous art vault.
the intruders drop under the gunfire, but more stream in behind them.
someone brings someone a folder.
someone refills his guest's glass then disappears down a hallway off the dining area.
someone makes a scissor gesture.
the man lifts someone's leg, then shoves him back.
arriving, stibble kicks it away and strikes him.
his body dragging across the dirt, someone hangs onto someone's arm, grimacing in pain.
a young dark-haired boy holding a piece of the model stands behind the table.
the car comes to a stop.
she looks down at him with a sweet, coy smile.
wearing a backpack, someone walks up to a burly boy with short brown hair.
the snow falls heavier, swirling through the air.
someone and someone march toward them at the head of the group of freed prisoners, now outfitted with stolen hydra weapons and several armored vehicles.
setting the book aside, someone kisses her.
the bikers gain on them.
he smiles at a dark-haired woman strolling by.
they head off.
she hangs up and speed dials a number
a skyward view from the ashes shows a breeze blowing through his grey hair.
someone drives away.
suite a management.
someone gives a small nod and gazes into the animal's fierce amber eyes.
assails someone with three jabs and a right hook then ducks
now a door opens and someone steps inside a foyer.
she spots someone glaring and shifts uncomfortably.
as she cleans her handgun.
his hand balloons in size and lands on a lamp table.
she switches on the tv.
someone hops up as someone flails her arms and clutches her head.
as the women smile, someone glances at each then leaves them.
someone puts his arm around her.
he jumps down onto the tracks.
as lightning flashes one ship tips over, then rights itself.
transfixed by the pretty young musician, someone steps out from behind the partition and cocks his head dreamily.
a brilliant light zooms and reveals a snaggletooth angler fish with an illuminated antenna.
clutching her coat she wanders down the corridor oblivious to dr.
his son pulls up beside him.
he unlocks her.
playful smiles fade.
as someone heads inside, someone climbs up a ladder to the dock.
as someone wipes his hands, someone springs restlessly to his feet.
someone pauses beside him and someone shoots him a glance.
the waitress stares at someone.
he picks up a mouse-sized top hat
he reclines in the large, industrial room, serving as his and someones trendy bohemian apartment.
fixing her belt, someone steps out of the bathroom.
the card's cover shows a horse bending its neck down as a child bundled against the cold pats its head.
someone retreats from the ballroom, as someone and someone continue their barrage.
outside, someone checks his watch.
the bartender answers the phone.
someone is watching.
someone pulls up and faces her through the window.
people in the crowd smile and jump up and down.
someone tweaks the straps,
she sits up, swings her legs off the bed, and marches into the kitchen.
beyond slowly swimming fish, a mermaid with hair flowing over her shoulders carries a staff.
the lamp blinks off and the scene cuts to black.
she chains the bike to a post, and wearing a helmet, strides towards the entrance to an apartment building.
his date swipes a cherry from the bowl.
a teenage someone jogs up.
in an office he finds an elegant blonde woman at a desk.
she finds someone applying makeup at a mirror and leans over her shoulder.
someone rides on board among the others.
now our view takes in a picturesque coastal town with a lighthouse painted in red and white stripes.
they get in and someone backs away from the crowd.
at a turn, she narrowly avoids a bus and a taxi.
now, someone makes out with a young woman.
someone files down the grassy aisle in her heels.
her boss waves her in.
his fingers caress the pale woman's hair just above her forehead.
she hands them to someone, who grins, then passes them up the ladder to someone.
his date gives a thumbs up, mouths someone mayer, and rushes inside.
he thoughtfully rumples his lips.
standing with his shadow
someone drags someone into the camera's view.
someone presses his lips together, then returns his gaze to the door.
his mouth opens as if to speak.
she kisses his forehead, then looks to someone.
our view spies on her through an inner door opened a crack.
his mother swats him.
amused, someone's rosy lips turn up at the corners.
someone stares at her, entranced.
with a resigned smile, she leans against the railing around the eagle enclosure's glass observation wall and stares out at the birds.
elsewhere, at a party, teenage girls relax in a hot tub, while others hold plastic drink cups around an in ground pool.
the swarm of black particles swirls in the air above the bank as the plunging figure vanishes into the mists.
she pulls back.
someone gazes back at her then looks away and opens the driver side door.
she slides the door close behind her then faces him clutching the strap of her purse with both hands.
now, the painters wheel their supplies to the curb.
now, he arrives home and slides to a stop in his dirt driveway.
as the beast charges, someone gets up and dodges.
someone stares back angrily.
someone grabs some luggage.
an assistant pulls off the rest of his costume.
he draws a hunting knife, bumping a liquor bottle.
view shows him choose another.
then a low unmade bed tucked in a corner.
someone leans closer.
he watches the wide-eyed case worker.
the nazi officer pushes the snake's eye.
someone stands facing the utility pole, hanging his jacket on the peg.
someone looks him over.
seen from a distance,
and they both look toward the children's bed.
our view draws back from the screen of a smartphone as a live news report shows the helicopter touching down.
someone cocks her head.
someone puts on both of the suit arms, activates the arc reactor and spins around.
sparkling chandeliers hang from both the ceiling and wooden storage carts on the floor.
someone nearly crushes his partner.
the rounds tear into the building and lay waste to the interior.
as he watches her walk away, she takes out her cell phone from her purse and dials a number.
he sucks poison from the wound and spits it out.
someone furrows her brow and cocks her head to one side.
the door remains shut.
outside in his workshop someone uses a strip of plastic to shape.
someone stifles a smirk.
someone rides various waterslides.
someone sneers at someone, who holds her ground.
someone looks up at the night sky and grins.
he turns on his heels and strides away.
they bolt upright.
she glances back at someone reading alone one table away.
they stare at one another then both face the automaton.
the minotaur crushes someone with its fist and she vanishes in a plume of bright smoke.
behind them, someone helps someone prepare plates of eggs and toast.
someone uncaps the other paint can and moves it to the hole.
he draws on the inside of her wrist.
she takes a dress off a hanger, puts on a coat, then drives in her car.
someone flinches as someone rubs salve on his burned arm.
feels up her bare thigh to her crotch and kisses her cheek.
a weight plate hits the back of someone's helmet.
clasps the automaton to his chest then hugs someone.
as someone lifts someone up onto a console table, he discreetly removes the bug from the lamp and throws it on the floor.
then shuts a weapons case.
as someone bows his head again, someone keeps her tear-moistened eyes on him.
someone summons a breath, picks up her gnarled walking stick, and faces the girl.
now, in his pretty dress, someone stands in a grand hall.
now outside an abandoned house, a hammock hangs over a back patio.
in fast motion fans fill the arena.
a monk greets him.
the hologram represents an elaborate crescent shaped vessel with blunted ends.
someone drops the bucket and collapses on the bench near the canvas cover's edge.
as his friends follow, someone glances at someone.
officer someone informed by telephone of situation.
he sets the food down.
raises her gun and rushes through the house.
where someone and someone sanitize their hands.
his basement boasts a pool table and wet bar.
with a defiant look, someone holds out his wrist.
from underwater, we watch someone paddling expertly among the darting fish.
in the locker room, someone uses a spoon to finish the hash.
in the bedroom a mirror reflects berman wrestling someone to the floor in a chokehold.
in the ward, a male nurse tends to a burly patient on his side.
a frustrated someone steps outside onto the fire escape and scans the street below.
outside, as someone crosses the street, someone catches up.
someone wraps his arm around someone's waist, and they share a soft smile.
bouncing down a steep rocky slope, she lands on her back and snags her foot on a tree root.
he wipes his face.
and follows the winding drive around a knarled tree.
the proprietor stares slack-jawed at his clock
the cops sit her down in front of him.
she rifles through floral sundresses hanging inside.
with a resolute look, she sits up.
the queen slaps his face.
someone storms off.
now, tears shine in someone's eyes as she stares off with a distant expression.
it pinches its snout with a hoof and takes a breath.
later, they leave the bathroom.
someone shows an illustration.
he heads to the kitchen.
someone brushes her long blonde hair behind her shoulder.
he pauses briefly, glancing over his shoulder.
holding a pen above a blank page, the automaton's right arm moves slightly then stops.
someone removes his overcoat then his jacket.
as the dust settles, the bearded man lifts a stone block off the goateed man who lies motionless.
it reads, "my peter pan costume.
someone stops and gazes thoughtfully.
he grimaces.
facing a large monitor someone glances at the boys.
back at his house, leaves drop of the bodhi tree.
king someone rises from his throne.
she backs up to a bookshelf bearing her teeth.
with his fingers spread wide, he aims his palms at the dish.
the pane falls inward and shatters.
someone picks up a game controller.
stark points to several modified shields.
watches smoke filter from the bank.
later, in the cottage someone reads bible verses on his laptop.
someone pauses on his way out and faces someone.
while her friend sits at a desk.
with his foot, someone - or iron man - pushes the limousine yards away with one foot.
looking queasy, someone runs out, outside.
someone takes the scroll, then turns and walks off.
he joins someone and someone in the ladies' room.
someone raises her hand toward her own neck then looks at someone.
she meets his gaze and he raises his champagne flute.
someone opens the nightstand.
the lifeboat lands on the barren terrains, smashing a rocky pillar before it slides to a stop.
he hurtles himself off the truck and lands face down on the roof of the taxicab.
she sets her beer on someone's table.
someone knocks herself out on the prize is right.
someone and someone fire back, destroying several drones.
the nazi officer closes the box's lid.
his shot shatters a flat screen showing someone wen as someone on the tv show.
he approaches the object and reads a plaque on its side.
two walls of frosted glass make a small foyer.
ashen faced, someone stands at his grave.
someone climbs out the other door.
someone's four-inch stiletto heels carry her out to a drop-off area.
in the lobby, someone takes an elevator.
gazing up at the kite-filled sky, someone smiles lovingly.
someone smacks him in the head with his pistol and points it.
she shields the elephant from someone.
on screen, someone and five unidentifiable witnesses surround a seventh person masked by a white sack.
she notices a short man chatting up a model type.
the girl blinks thoughtfully
features disembarks flanked by two associates.
outside the cafe, the station inspector sips from a cup.
someone climbs into the passenger seat and hands him a file with the transcript from someone's phone call to someone.
someone shows someone her studio.
it shows a road leading to an archway.
someone pulls out documents.
someone monitors him by way of a private station.
he marches towards the mansion.
she kicks the door closed.
where a man dressed in gleaming gold armor and clutching a sword stands outside.
someone looks down at someone, who sprawls on the floor with a bleeding nose, then follows someone outside.
later someone steps outside, to find the fundamentalists holding signs reading variations of, "olive is a slut."
the flaming vehicle knocks it off the road.
father someone and someone follow her out.
he spots someone unconscious on his back, then looks up through the open ceiling.
he rubs his nose nervously.
he quickly soars on to another highway, as the armored truck closes in.
turning away, he heads toward the home.
dirty water gets launched from a barn doorway.
holloway glances back at two colleagues, then drops a pan and dashes up the slope.
the busty blonde gazes off tearfully.
someone brightly lifts his brow and cocks his head.
topless females join them.
later, someone, someone and someone sit on the roof of their ransacked lab.
as someone swims around a corner in a narrow passageway, someone catches up and grabs on to his leg.
as his wife rushes into the next room, someone takes his daughter's hands and drops to one knee.
another empty whiskey bottle hits the water.
someone lunges to the launch controls
he halts as he notices the closed inner gate.
someone rushes into a someone bistro and greets a table of three smartly dressed women, one of whom talks on her cellphone.
climbing up, he notices greenish slime dripping from a few of the engraved points.
someone pounces on him and switches off the lamp.
the photographer takes a picture of the sisters, their parents, and someone.
someone watches someone beckon him suggestively.
he shakes his ring.
now micah uses his cell.
then drops his head and sighs.
a caucasian man with chestnut hair gets out.
someone jerks his arms upward, hitting someone's palms.
the whale frantically swims about with the flailing squid squeezing its long tentacles.
he shuts the doors.
checking the clip, she finds it fully loaded.
she walks over to the little boy who shoots her an uncertain look.
she opens her suitcase and drops some clothing onto the floor.
someone touches her throat and heaves forward.
someone approaches, sitting slumped on his horse.
a little cartoon bluebird flits up to someone and lands on his shoulder.
she picks up her clutch purse.
he staggers to his front door.
the painter wears a dark cap and sunglasses.
at the party, another blond woman lifts a watermelon overhead.
he wipes ketchup off someone's chin.
they find someone down a hill standing over a wide hole in the ground.
she enters a tastefully decorated apartment.
the boy kicks the ball into his groin and he collapses on the floor.
his scooter's headlights briefly illuminates red-striped diagonally across the sign.
outside, someone waddles up to a door in his someone disguise.
watching him go, someone chuckles.
someone lowers an amazed grin.
his body falls from the railing, tumbles midair, and splashes into the shallow water 50 feet below.
as she turns away, the shaggy-haired boy blows at the tank.
her eyes wide, she looks over her shoulder at the doors.
nodding, someone gives him a tender smile.
someone faces his cousin.
someone pulls out the masked driver and hurls him through the air.
as the painters load a flat of one gallon paint cans onto a hand truck.
the heavyset female officer arrives with someone warren and his men.
the datsun speeds across the driveway and bottoms out as it turns onto the street.
someone shows her one of the pages.
he gestures to his head.
someone peers around an open door, his father sits on the edge of a bathtub with his head in his hands.
meanwhile, in the tunnels, someone and someone come upon a pile of corpses.
the seats launch up the tower then gently drift back down.
someone kicks the can.
as someone steps toward his house, he stumbles and someone catches him.
a red-skinned man, with sharp devilish features and a tail, materializes beside someone.
searching for his girlfriend, someone heads down a hallway to a backdoor.
above, gangster barks, kill them, kill all of them.
she leans against the door frame as they heatedly make out.
someone glances at a gated off entrance to his side, then slowly stalks down the feeding corridor toward someone.
he watches with an indifferent expression as the dealer lays out a fourth card.
he opens his mouth to speak,
someone meets his gaze with a grave look.
we draw back through a window to the building's beige-brick facade.
her gaze shifts uneasily and settles on mrs. braddock.
her parents come inside.
she takes the glass from his hand, and sets it carefully on the nearby table.
someone looks from the giraffe to someone.
he advances cautiously.
he gently pushes her away and she takes a seat in front of him.
someone ducks into the next room leaving the boys to their ice cream.
someone's new opponent takes a ready stance.
he gently cups her head and shuts his eyes.
he aims at someone and stares at him fiercely.
he leans closer and presses his lips to hers.
from the helicopter's view, searchlights illuminate the two unmoving boys as the uniformed officers and swat members cautiously make their way to the center of the plaza.
an enthusiastic someone claps along.
he slams someone against the wall.
flipping it over, she sees writing on only half of the back panels.
someone peeks through the screen door and finds a man hunched in front of a fan, with his back to the entrance.
the dumbfounded father blinks his wide eyes.
they smile out at the view.
she goes to the bed.
a blueprint reads detail: st.
someone faces someone.
someone stands close and watches them.
at the archives, someone flips through a binder and finds an obituary reading.
as he crouches in front of the penguins, they move a few steps away.
he glances back.
the boy dries his face
someone's cool blue eyes shift to someone.
someone sees a wall of smoke and someone envelop the guys.
i'm not saying anything.
they uselessly grab at the air.
she grins at the picture on her phone.
he bites his lower lip.
someone shrugs and approaches someone.
someone gives someone a disapproving look.
the pretty girl notices it.
she slobbers vomitus goo.
glancing over his shoulder, someone sees an emt standing at an ambulances open side door.
she approaches someone from behind.
and a security guard guides another child to his mother,
someone bends someone's hand down and in toward the wrist.
someone trudges out numbly.
he finishes his beer.
takes a shot, left turn, nudges against the concrete curb, and heads straight for the hole.
she rides away down a leaf covered path.
as the movie starts someone wraps her sweater.
someone fetches the wine in a pitcher of water.
outside, a woman wearing a helmet arrives on a motorcycle.
the broken off spire from the church lies some distance away from an ambulance, as rescue workers help survivors.
as they make out, her arm lies on someone's face.
zombies accost a man wearing a sandwich board that reads, the end is near.
someone drives someone and someone.
his head lies on the floor by her feet, gazing up at her placidly.
someone leans over it.
someone wrings her hands and cranes her neck.
as he continues down, someone starts to speak, then stops herself.
he hangs it on the peg.
someone bows her head.
someone wears a nonplussed smile, then walks his daughter to their car.
the mutant backhands him, breaking open his helmet.
she sets a charge on the tiled wall and pushes a button.
he rubs someone's shoulder.
she smiles back.
she eyes a newspaper clipping for leah templeton's memorial taped inside the door.
someone bounds to the zebra and snaps at its injured hind leg.
someone picks up one of the fake boulders and chucks it at his partner.
someone flips his cellphone shut and rests this chin in his hand.
as he gazes at her, she lifts her eyes to his with a meaningful look.
now hazy sunlight glimmers off the mirrored panels of chicago's skyscrapers as we move over the downtown area.
at a table, someone scrutinizes a wine list.
hands wrap a black swath of fabric over the girl's toes and pulls hard.
someone presses the panel flush
his face expressionless, agent someone watches as someone sinks to his knees,
someone and someone sing and dance in a crowded club.
the man stops with the body on the ground between him and someone.
he rubs tears from his eyes.
behind him, the other young mutants form a line.
someone convulses, then drops to the floor, revealing someone behind him.
later she sits at a bar with someone, holding a half-drunk martini.
the young woman wraps an arm around her husbands bare shoulder
they drive up a rustic tree-lined road.
forming six branch-like spokes.
he rubs his hands together, then moves them over someone's chest.
she walks away from him and looks at the monkey.
he glares.
later, police cruisers surround the house.
she checks his cell.
she lifts her head ecstatically and tilts it side to side as the handsome artist nibbles her neck and kisses her chest.
someone tugs on someone's ear, then gives a tightlipped nod.
he gnaws on the packaged someone.
in bed, sunlight shines softly on someone's sleeping form.
someone rolls off the broken glass on the pool table.
outside, someone walks alone.
the boy swipes at it, but someone yanks it out of reach.
someone glances at someone then nods.
someone eyes her lovingly, and she twitches an uneasy smile.
someone swaddles her's in dough too.
someone looks at the pixelated form lying on a black tarp.
then turns and sees the group disappearing down a staircase without her.
someone grabs the liquor bottle from the servant and chugs.
now, someone clutches the boar tooth torch which emits a soft, warm glow.
as someone peeks out from behind the bar, the alien leaps across the room and peers over the bar.
as a guy approaches from behind.
someone sees someone watching.
he sets his glass and a dish in the sink.
the rock around someone flakes away as the hammer rockets straight up into the sky.
someone scales a pile of boxes beside them and climbs onto a roof.
he notices teens in rockabilly clothes.
driving it, someone reaches into a lunch box on the seat beside him.
someone throws photographs of mountains in front of someone.
he turns on the amplifier.
in someone's apartment, a trail of fluid and crumpled clothes lead down the hall to his open bedroom door.
nearby, three of his men take positions around other buses, all hold their weapons at the ready.
he bumbles along the entire trailer to a lower level and crushes a red sports car.
he reaches into his vest pocket, takes something out, and palms it.
ahead, someone joins franks, someone, and someone outside the tunnel exit.
he flops onto a bed.
wincing painfully she gets to her feet and hauls the bag up.
he gets someone's coat.
someone's mouth drops as he thinks to himself.
he puts the cellphone back in his pocket.
the limousine drives past the yard.
someone holds up the bank statements.
someone stares at a chili's restaurant as she drives past, then at a staples store.
the spiders crawl out of the fruit and up someone.
the car skids sideways out of the hangar, slides backward, and stops at the edge of a cliff.
he hands pepper a glass of champagne.
the door closes.
it hits the ground just ahead of them, bounces end-over-end and lands in a heap.
the three sedans remain still as the court session continues inside.
soldiers march into an outpost.
she hangs them on the doorknob, blocking the keyhole.
someone and someone walk hand in hand.
now, someone passes a hedged in path.
he knocks a piece to the floor.
vertical lights flicker on, illuminating a corridor.
meanwhile, the recruits watches someone slay agents in the courtyard.
it explodes against a hanging photo of his son.
she watches someone through a window.
someone scrunches her face into a fierce look, then calms herself.
shoulder bleeding, someone reveals the other shot mashed into his bullet proof vest.
she reaches for her bag then hesitates.
in his room, someone opens his laptop and types "j&r advertising" into a bing search engine.
the motorcycle hits a pothole.
the chorus of marching women in short skirts joins someone on another stage.
someone puts it in a donations box.
someone swims to the center, the rolls over and backstrokes beneath the sun.
ithere s fire from below and he ducks behind a parapet
watches them move to the bar.
the intruder rushes to it and steps onto a small balcony.
someone enters and turns off the stereo.
we watch through a window as someone ushers the zookeeper into her room.
frowning, someone picks up the toothpaste cap on his way to the bathroom.
overlapping leaves surround the orb.
he shakes someone's hand.
someone gazes at the projection.
someone turns to a blond woman beside him.
they lead him outdoors, then throw him into the back of a van, and closes its doors.
she raises her head slowly and looks at someone.
people, including many young women, crowd in front of the stage.
he turns on the light and takes it in his hands, looking down at it.
someone opens his window for someone who stands outside.
at night, a crowd holds a bride and groom up over their shoulders, obstructing a city street.
the tall man eats a snack.
with her eyes averted, she grabs her bag off the table and strides to the back of the classroom.
emerging from thick smoke, he crosses the support structure and kicks out a beam.
someone lifts her knuckles to the wood again.
her fingertips awkwardly touching her skin, as they trail down her bare throat,
someone works his way through the crowd.
now dressed for an interview, someone stands up as sebastian walks another female applicant out of his office.
he looks at someone who sadly gazes at the floor.
behind the wheel, someone notices various emergency vehicles parked outside of the taped off entrance.
as she starts to get up someone takes her hand and she waits.
she passes him.
he notices someone peeking over the couch.
someone quickly takes the bottle of medicinal spirits and uncaps it.
fighting his way outside, he finds someone at his roadster.
sitting tensely behind him someone opens his desk drawer, then slams it.
another field shows swirling patterns, indicating previous lava flow.
she drives away.
moving through the space, she enters another room filled with boxed belongings.
with a crowbar, a man smashes a window that reads, zombieland.
someone activates a probe.
he lets himself fall and bounce as well.
her eyes slowly shift back toward it.
with a hard swallow, someone shifts her crestfallen eyes.
the stepmother leans in intimidatingly, a someone smile plastered on her exquisitely made up features.
find it, it contains the fluid.
she heads to the door.
the taxi passes someone's house.
the owner climbs down from his ladder and faces spar.
her brow knitted, someone blinks at someone.
he chucks his suit carrier into the luggage rack
holloway takes a swig from a bottle and hops down his perch on a counter.
a thin metal tube slides out of the model ship's broken center mast.
later on a bed, they smother each other with kisses.
now young someone sits beside a glimmering river.
each page boasts a single news clipping pasted at its center.
he offers an awkward bow.
on shore, someone cradles someone in his arms as he trudges
someone abruptly turns away and marches through the gate.
she unhooks her bra and a web-like tattoo of four dragonfly wings morphs into real ones.
someone emerges on an upstairs landing.
someone looks up at a clock, which reads two minutes to eight.
as she gazes at it,
now, spanish moss hangs low from the branches of surrounding trees as someone and someone ride a modest horse drawn carriage up a narrow path.
ray faces the dancer.
she steps closer, fixing him with a piercing stare.
floating upside down, snowy sniffs the alcohol and ingests it.
as a cannonball touches down with a stories high blast, confederate soldier march straight towards it.
someone nibbles her neck, then pulls her in for another passionate kiss.
someone follows with his camera.
someone draws a nearby sword as the someones march in.
hoover faces a microphone.
someone's son stands beside someone.
in a stall, someone hangs up.
more onlookers converge on the scene.
the thug lurches back.
someone stares longingly at his mother who catches someone's humorless gaze.
as the boy leaves, someone passes someone.
later at an airport, a woman and a goateed man follow someone past a baggage claim area.
his dark, deep set eyes gazing from his helmet.
a mohawked man sips broth.
he presents a matchbox-sized book.
back on earth, someone uses a library computer.
someone makes his way over another swell.
someone snakes her hand through the wind outside of the car.
someone, angel, and the cyclone master join someone and someone.
she aims for his lips.
now, in a restroom, someone locks himself in.
someone passes through a break in the guard rail and peers into the steep ditch.
the women get massages.
someone races into the apartment and finds it returned to its original state.
he wipes her tears with his thumb.
inside, someone fills the chalkboard with numbers.
someone drives off with someone in the flatbed truck.
he hangs his head and massages his temple with his thumb.
nodding, someone turns the page.
he picks up the glasses and the battery pouch.
where youthful looking cops in street clothes lounge in the pews.
later at the police station, someone stands beside the sheriff's desk.
she turns from the woman and walks a short distance away, her chest heaving.
now someone stands at a ticket kiosk in a bus station.
wide-eyed, someone watches as someone turns toward him.
designed to cover the entire head.
her eyes glisten, and she gives an appreciative nod.
she gazes at him, lying on her side.
the girl shakes his head.
someone backs away and ducks close to a wall by the window.
someone gazes at the house.
someone and someone hike a city overlook.
someone web surfs on a laptop.
rolling over, someone scowls and removes his ear buds.
he tightens the cable loop around someone's wrists.
sister stokes her quaffed chin length blonde hair.
someone's shots clobber the trunk shielding
the girl blows on a dandelion.
the warden opens a cell.
he swerves repeatedly into the truck's side, and smoke billows from its front end.
the reflection he sees is harrison ford as someone solo winking back at him.
in the daytime, someone enters a marbled floor lobby through a set of revolving doors.
later, crossing to the waiting room doors, someone stumbles on a toy dump truck.
someone turns on a spotlight, which shines over a group of someone sculptures.
dancing couples take to the floor.
he picks up a globe made of bones and smashes it on the ground.
he watches the wispy branches of a tree sway in the gentle breeze.
someone makes a phone call on his cell.
the cat moves farther away.
someone's ex comes out of her and watches him give someone a hug.
she sighs excitedly, expelling a foggy breath.
someone smiles faintly.
someone throws objects at the twinkie sign.
as it goes down, he swings repeatedly at it, splattering our view with blood.
our view lingers on the operator, then ducks back as she turns toward us.
someone poses, smiling by a portrait of someone.
her hair styled in a close-cropped afro.
the boy reaches into his coat pocket then sets items onto the counter: a pocketknife, bundle of string, and a piece of cloth filled with small sprockets, gears, and springs.
his motorcycle's billowing fire rises and engulfs him.
as her head spins toward us, the scene freezes and rule number 2 appears, double tap.
someone speeds down the mud road, splashing slush to the side.
someone steals his gun back and aims at little someone.
it leads her to a wikipedia page.
the zombies draw closer.
the girl makes fangs.
someone turns away and wanders to a wall papered with photos and notes then fearfully locks eyes with the soldier.
looking over, he spots someone's blue van and the armored truck speeding down the highway below.
at the obstacle course, cutouts showing a family pop up.
standing, he grabs his tool bag and strides past her to the door.
later, at the front desk, someone folds up his wallet.
a few pots of leggy dying flowers come into view.
we glimpse the racing horses' legs, someone's high heels, and someone's sneakered feet.
someone mocks an optimistic smile, then looks pointedly in someone's direction.
she strides to the center of the room to address him.
he turns his weapon on someone.
it dead ends in a 15 foot wall.
someone goes to a bag on the bed.
someone shifts his somber eyes.
someone surreptitiously reaches for the knife in his boot, as someone delivers a knee to someone's face.
she flips open the lid of a pastry box and kisses his cheek.
as an armed soldier mounts the roof of the humvee, someone leads someone on foot to the mouth of the alley.
at the library, someone reads a plaque on a broken glass case.
a flash of light briefly illuminates someone's steady undaunted stare the other side.
he picks up a helmet.
beyond her, someone digs out several more life jackets.
both couples struggle to raise their coconuts above their bellies.
she slams his head against a coffee table, knocking him out.
a crew member helps pull them on board.
now, workers unroll a single kung fu mat, on a raised platform in the center of the arena.
on someone's shirt, citrus-colored flowers swirl around lavender blossoms on a blood red background.
nana walks someone out to a stable where photographs clutter a wall.
someone plays a new drum set.
the computer begins processing the command then stops.
now in a smithsonian, a wall display reads - someone child's kitchen.
heading back through the kitchen she spots a hand scrawled note posted on the fridge.
someone puts the empties on a shelf.
she steps up to someone as the colonel walks off.
they all paddle out to join about two dozen surfers sitting on their boards.
someone's orange shirt ignites and falls in tatters around his hips.
her father turns away and hangs his head.
someone repositions his hands in fluidly graceful movements.
someone's friend stabs someone's foot with the tip of his crutch, then whacks him in the groin.
someone listens through the door as he slips backward and lands in the bath tub.
he takes the gun hidden at his back and places her hand around it.
they look into each others eyes.
someone inhales the oxygen.
someone mouths ew, affecting a mock fearful expression.
he touches his walking stick to his neck.
a frustrated someone throws up his arms.
as someone enters, someone adjusts the podium.
the both watch it fly away.
she tearfully locks eyes with him.
he acknowledgment was in expectations.
she leaves the house.
he stares in her direction.
now, an office building's windows glow below a darkening sky.
sitting on his front steps, someone assembles a baby sling.
entering the suite, he looks around and steps into an empty sitting area.
they follow him into the kitchen.
now, as students file out from the school, someone lumbers down the front steps and shuffles glumly to the gate.
someone lets him go then crosses the grungy room.
now reads, 7:50.
the tiger flails around in the boat, desperately clawing at the side to keep his head above water.
still attached to the headboard, he chases after her.
someone looks back and forth between them, working her mouth.
someone's shoulders heave slowly beneath her ornate gown.
she stutters and stalks off.
he returns to the kitchen presenting a bottle of wine.
staring at him, a nearby woman grabs a young girls hand and leads her away.
someone mimes fanning away tears.
a man faces a clerk's grid wire window.
he hangs his head, glances up briefly, then walks away, putting on his sunglasses.
someone looks toward the tower.
at home someone uses a touch screen.
leaving the recovery area, someone breaks into a run.
he quickly searches someone's pockets and pulls a cellphone from his pants, eyeing it closely.
kids play beer pong.
she brushes past him and strolls off with her lantern.
he lowers his head to one side and taps his fingers on the armrest.
his brow furrowed, the older man turns his face toward the water.
she checks the drawers.
she dances up the rest of the stairs to the platform where another curtain opens, revealing more dancers.
he picks it up.
other members of the crew move forward, staring out.
the broker transfers the time to him, then yanks his hand back.
she pulls out a sexy lingerie bask with a black laced trimmed bust.
they both turn the corner.
a live young woman with wavy, corn silk hair, sets her purse on the railing.
now, someone walks down the street to the beachfront, struggling to keep the board under his arm.
nearby, someone angrily kicks the suv's door shut.
pepper appears on another monitor.
it bears the cia emblem,
she returns a tender look.
he cranks a knob on the side of the typewriter's carriage.
someone's suv cruises down a quiet road,
they move to another door.
now, the light of a low sun casts a rosy glow on the waves.
averting her gaze, she takes a sip, then returns the drink.
someone falls onto a passing truck.
someone smashes into the armored truck's rear end.
he briefly reappears baring his fangs.
she picks up a reel of rope lying beside him
he mouths someone.
behind him, the drones and someone also salute.
the cyclone-maker flicks his hand and the whirlwind knocks the colonel into a wall.
his ears point backward as he extends his nose to the meat.
he finds himself surrounded by darkness, then twirls his sword defensively.
as they exit the theater, someone moves closer to someone.
reaching down, someone pulls holloway's shirt up his torso, revealing his toned sun-kissed back.
someone ducks them then embeds his ax in the creature's abdomen.
then slices through its neck.
sister eyes the drugs, then smiles.
his softening gaze slowly drifts to the ground.
wearing a hat resembling a red cherry , someone hugs a young female fan.
someone watches his daughter from across the boat, wearing a lei of autumn colors.
using his thrusters, someone hovers overhead.
she wrenches her cuffed arm.
as the convertible pulls toward the street, the manager scans the ground by the pump.
the newest dancer runs her hands through her hair and shakes her hips.
she slows up and stares at a man sitting in the shadows on the porch.
he finds someone crawling laboriously from the wreck.
someone scoldingly gestures toward the piece.
someone approaches, flanked by his friends.
outside on the bodhi tree, only a single branch still has leaves remaining.
someone addresses him.
someone shifts his trouble gaze.
someone peers out of his window and watches her walk out to the curb.
he joins someone by the cavity.
she forks up a chili pepper.
his legs hold tight as his opponent writhes.
he slides the coin toward someone, then turns his aim on the boy's mother.
someone scoots his chair closer.
leaves the woman with someone.
as he passes the zombie, he bashes her with his door.
she lifts her brow and raises her stick, then leans it gently against the table.
someone stares through a hatch in the ceiling, which leads to the hole in the shack's floor.
she finds an untitled message from someone in her email inbox.
in her sweater and scarf, someone crosses the snow to an alcove between buildings.
waking, he hurriedly sits up and rubs his face.
they stop at the barricade for time zone 4 and the scanner flips up again.
she returns to her regular human form.
someone greets a camera crew.
sulking, someone sips a dark-colored drink from a plastic glass.
a dotted line connects his eyes to the eyes of the slender woman striking a kung fu pose.
wide eyes shifting.
the forklift comes to rest beside the thug, and he notices the grenade.
someone yanks off her apron and marches out.
irma shooting herself.
now, holloway's view closes in on a cave opening.
the last one shuts a door behind him.
the surveillance camera shows him leaning over someone and jabbing a finger at him.
edging closer, someone glances back at someone and finds him staring lifelessly.
someone barges into someone's bedroom and drops the bloody towel.
later, someone plops into a chair in the grandstand.
someone helps pull out someone and someone who kicks someone in the face.
he peers around a corner.
now a suitcase gets wheeled down a highway.
someone walks off, then turns around.
grinning boyishly, he steps away.
upstairs, someone picks up the nesting doll and studies the painting of someone's unhappy face.
now someone reaches out of the shower and finds bras and stockings hanging on a hook.
finding the garbage truck empty, someone approaches a crowd of onlookers.
someone looks on with a furrowed brow.
wearing a tuxedo with his stovepipe hat, someone follows someone into a mansion.
someone grabs the cook.
they enter the building through a set of double doors.
taking his new surfboard down from the van's roof, someone pauses at the sight of blond approaching.
they shake hands.
a row of cannon barrels amid smoke and sparks as they fire.
everyone still moving in slow motion, someone, someone, and the kids watch the furious woman chase after her
someone buttons his shirt.
their probing light leads back to a group of figures in black hazmat suits.
someone lays a sympathetic hand on someone's.
he takes a rundown path, passing graffiti that reads, "surf where you live."
someone and someone watch from inside the van as someone runs past the entrance.
later a wet-suit clad someone, crouches low on the board as she awkwardly rides a wave.
in one of the trucks, the mercenaries raise masks over their mouths and prepare their weapons.
someone hurls an energy ring, but someone catches it.
other animals struggle for footing on the rocking ship.
then head up to the second floor.
at the sun dappled construction site, someone arrives to find him working at the top of a ladder.
they smile and eat popcorn in the theater
someone pulls out the horn tip and stabs the charging beast in the chest.
the soldiers' flashlights glow from underneath the muzzles of their rifles.
they run across an empty street, as a police cruiser whizzes by.
facing the river, he leans forward.
as the vampire brings his flailing victim down, the young woman escapes down the alley.
clutching the hilt of his sword, someone stares at someone.
the female presenter, someone, is onscreen.
someone arrives, a bag slung over his shoulder.
as they linger in the kiss, someone's eyes open and shift uncertainly.
the luxury vehicle rolls to a stop.
someone follows the faint cry to someone, clutching the spear pinning him to the ground.
someone opens his eyes but doesn't see someone is behind him.
she pedals faster.
now, at the jaguar restaurant, someone joins his brother at the bar.
then punches in her selections.
lying in a large bed, someone covers herself.
someone and someone watch the cabin from high up on the hill above it.
in another home, a woman squeezes a little girl's toes together as she tightly wraps a bandage around the child's foot.
the women quickly look away.
a quick color drained flash takes us into the fight.
someone bites his lip and stifles a boyish smile.
turning, he trains his weapon on someone.
the open doors frame someone, someone and someone as they wait.
pressing her lips together, someone ducks back into the alcove.
the bartender's arm trembles and he stares at the gun.
sitting behind him, someone scoots forward in her seat and claps a hand on his shoulder.
the skin around his eyes glistening with traces of tears
she takes the sniper rifle.
a thug charges and he shoves the man away, setting him on fire.
he activates two more and lops them past someone
he goes inside.
outside, hoover turns from someone and heads over to a group of well-dressed boys standing in two lines.
aiming his flashlight, the android approaches it wearily.
now, in slow motion, the four men saunter toward the police station, the back of their jackets emblazoned with their flaming tiger logo.
someone smiles, watching the spider pick its way up to a twig housing its web.
three of someone's teachers sit in the room.
meanwhile someone slips inside the house.
the teacher pushes tyler in a rocket-shaped swing.
a woman wraps food in newspapers and brings it over to their table.
at the hospital, someone walks over to a private room, and peeps in.
he shifts his gaze to the stereo's display panel.
now the rear wheel of someone's motorcycle burns rubber as it races past the tow truck, trailing a billow of smoke.
now he rides alternately cringing and grinning crazily as his face morphs from his human form to the ghost rider and back again.
the guys sprint for the security door as it lowers.
a brown-haired officer adjusts the radio dial.
someone bumps a bell.
two boys' fists fly toward mr.
someone fills her mug then her own.
looking up, he finds one of the paddleboards gone.
he smirking to himself.
someone absorbs his bullets.
someone puts one hand on the side of someone's face.
inside, christmas lights and neon signs illuminate a short bar and pool table.
its metal hands move quicker and quicker across the page.
she keeps her head down and looks directly at him.
turning, he licks his lips, hurries to a door with a glass window, and peers through.
knocking him onto the hood.
someone ping stands, clutching his stomach, and eyes someone resentfully.
now sister and her sisters perform at the club.
as he smiles at passing patrons, his gaze finds the home depot cashier in the crowd.
he puts on his shirt.
she throws down a pillow and then dawns a clear face shield.
a gray-haired man uses a phone.
his mother sets the helmet upon his head.
he takes another sip of his drink.
turning, he finds someone striding over to him.
someone reaches into his jacket.
later, he deeps dips her and they kiss.
on top of the truck, our view travels up a pole to a camera.
her doctor arrives.
the lights in the room go out.
they swap a grin.
he runs to a wooden crate in the middle of room and pushes it.
later, someone explores the bookstore with someone.
the truck follows, smashing through a cement monument.
someone throws a crust at him.
someone flexes his fingers, then propels his hands forward.
is around a floating barrel and angles toward a boxy barge.
she uses its touchscreen panel.
she folds her arms.
and the recruits retreat down the hall.
the children lock gazes from the wings, then meet behind the screen.
as someone and the kids try the meal, their smiles vanish.
the chair tied awkwardly in the back seat with someone's carrier.
the two men sip the amber liquor.
as someone reaches for his water, snowy rotates a bedside tray.
they start for the locomotive but stop short.
someone helplessly turns on the spot.
she goes inside.
he takes her to the cafeteria.
shrugging a sad smile, she averts her gaze.
now, someone dribbles around someone and sinks a layup.
he heads up another flight of stone steps to a crowded warehouse floor where two men face off on a round platform.
water surges around someone's head as the vessel drags him in its wake.
bending his opponent over, someone eyes the tv ad.
someone walks past them and exits the airport.
in the notebook, a pen and ink sketch depicts a delicate tree amidst a desolate landscape.
air and saliva hit his face.
one or two fall, but the rest charge on seemingly unharmed by the bullets.
outside, big momma-clad someone reads the text, "library, have fd".
someone thrusts his cell at someone's ear.
then replaces it with a gas mask.
both men start off.
someone falls as he climbs a cargo net.
again looks at someone.
someone's ear twitches and he slowly turns his head looking down into the dark ocean.
later, she leads him through the house's framework.
he strokes someone's cheeks.
as someone falls he grabs someone's spear.
stopping on one of him and his co-editor.
someone mopes down the sidewalk, passing between two cramped rows of parked bicycles.
the gangster flies back in his chair and falls to the floor.
she shakes her head disbelievingly.
someone sits wearily, his gaze turned downward.
as they hug, someone rests her hand near a spinning table saw.
hello, i am cotton candy someone.
someone straightens to his full height.
she covers her face with her hands.
now at his desk in the bullpen someone laughs.
someone wears a puzzled frown.
someone tosses him a smoldering piece of wood.
back in the large chamber, sheriff someone shines a flashlight.
he gives in and steps down.
they find someone reclining listlessly in the back of an old half-buried cadillac convertible.
he looks back at his sleeping son and beams proudly.
someone watches them go and get in someone's red prius.
a wide view shows the young man hunched over his mother's body in the barren street,
he surveys the run-down hallway, lined with houseplants,
a creature reaches through the cage bars and lifts someone skyward.
he wears a mild boyish smile.
a forklift operator loads sealed crates onto a transport truck.
someone smile at christian and holds up two fingers.
meanwhile, someone drives the van with a weary glare.
blood splatters the wall behind someone as he collapses.
bradford looks up.
the boy gazes solemnly into the cage.
someone looks on solemnly and presses his lips together.
around the ring-shaped table, officials raise their hands unanimously.
as someone and someone desperately try to outrun the trundling vessel, fiery chunks of someone strike the ground all around them.
staring thoughtfully, he fondles his wedding ring between his fingertips.
a bald man with a bulbous nose steps out of the shadows.
he emerges from an elevator with someone at gunpoint.
someone faced soldier.
mrs. wei storms off, leaving her daughter standing alone on the balcony with her head down.
someone reaches out to him, resuming his flesh-and-blood form.
hiding behind a pillar, someone lowers his phone.
he drops a duffle bag.
someone urges someone to scram and takes someone with them.
the hummer speeds past a desolate farm.
someone joins in on the yelling.
shifting her tearful eyes to someone, someone steps to her side.
the tiger weakly looks up at him as someone strokes its forehead.
he clutches the neck brace, lifting someone.
he kicks off the passing rock wall and lands facing his rival.
still holding the cord, someone knocks one guard out and releases the cord.
one mouse madly cycles his hind legs to climb up into a footed bowl.
with his free hand, he grabs the camera.
she jerks her head toward someone.
he notes her stanford panty shorts.
someone thrusts down his sword.
he gives her a friendly smile then moves out from behind his desk.
boarding an elevator someone and someone make out.
he turns on a light over a sink and runs water over his bloody knuckles.
the two dogs stare at one another.
her gaze growing distant.
he clears the inside of his cheek with his tongue, then takes another drink.
as someone drives forward and back, crushing someone, someone reaches for the red case in the back seat.
one of someone's friends takes a wave and rides down the 20-foot face.
the man  got shot through his windshield.
someone wipes tears from her eyes then leans toward someone.
she runs off.
smiling, he steps forward and kisses her hands.
he spots a scruffy looking guy standing across the street then heads in his direction.
someone seated at the desk and checks her watch.
then gets out of the car.
the gently rolling current shows no sign of the boy.
feet and falls on his back.
watches in a daze, as the church folk stand and take in the scene from a distance,
someone checks a bedside clock.
they pass a someone gas station.
someone stands and strikes at someone, but someone sweeps his feet out from under him.
his shoulders heave as he reaches toward someone.
the bikers get back on the motorcycles and speed after them.
now, a call comes in to someone's station.
someone sits at one of them, going over his notes, and muttering quietly to himself.
a floor manager threw post-it notes at her to wake her.
she manages a brief tearful smile and continues.
beyond the clouds, the ringed planet glows.
406 nestles into his chest and he gently lays his hand on her back.
the fbi agent grabs the bulky duke university letter and stands.
a cowboy turns his head.
it smiles at them.
someone punches a muscular guard.
someone shyly whispers to his mother.
now he touches a panel and doors open before him.
he finds it stocked with juices and non-alcoholic beverages.
someone keeps her gaze fixed slightly downward,
he throws an arm around someone in a brotherly hug.
he peers across the dance floor then heads after her.
someone hunches against the door in the darkness, then looks around.
someone watches as he takes a knee and holds up a ring.
with glistening eyes, someone looks up at someone who avoids his gaze.
the full-bodied eagle heads back to its corner on
he lets someone up, and she splashes him.
he charges, grabbing her around the waist.
now, someone climbs onto a roof.
someone punches someone, who head butts someone, then lassos him again with a pulse whip.
farther down the platform someone counts money from the bar mitzvah cards.
the inspector rushes out of his office.
someone seizes him and leans over menacingly.
one-by-one the dancers face the audience.
she caresses someone's face.
wearing a wetsuit with a billed skull-fitted hood,
he gives a thoughtful look.
someone and someone reach the end of the network and face a broad gap at their feet.
as someone gazes slack-jawed at the humanoid statue.
someone touches it.
they're sitting on a blanket in the park.
a boy feigns coughing.
they share a look and someone inserts a magazine clip into a gun.
someone watches someone leave.
someone glances at someone, who firmly holds someone's stare.
on the road, the lead suv rear ends the silver hatchback.
outside, a woman in a white tunic faces the drop-off.
snapping out of his meditative focus, the boy shifts his confused gaze, then looks to mr.
someone regards her friend thoughtfully.
he nuzzles her cheek, then kisses her tenderly.
someone fidgets then looks at someone.
he turns the page.
he stops and turns back to wish her goodnight.
someone views more than a dozen pressed and framed wildflowers, mounted meticulously on a wall in a tidy grid.
as she steps forward, the woman cautiously puts out a hand and lightly leans on a dingy wooden partition.
he approaches someone's friends at the bar.
she sprinkles an arc of sparkling dust before him and his wings vanish.
while drinking, someone lifts one index finger.
as the deputy approaches, someone lowers his gaze.
cautiously, he approaches someone.
now as all six of them cross a rope bridge, a family of four spots them from below.
later, he walks a demurely dressed someone to his wagoneer.
nodding someone fakes a someone.
in the light snowfall, someone gazes up.
he turns, putting his tail to someone.
someone comes out of the shack and shoves one of the kids to the ground.
later, she takes off her shirt.
the girls watch the runaway hummer plow through a prize booth and nosedive into a lake.
someone shifts his weight as he stares uneasily at his mother.
leaving the room, he hands over a telegram order.
a stunned someone looks on uneasily.
in a back room, a dignified man assembles a bomb at a well-lit desk.
he dashes through doorway and slams it shut behind him.
she applies color to someone's lids.
the bare-chested man rises.
someone and someone pull away and gaze at each other.
a doctor wheels someone into a laboratory.
he shows the dice but she keeps her lips together.
he weaves through an obstacle course.
they pull into a bustling high school parking lot.
someone gives him a baffled frown.
the clustered trio bobs and bounces as the line carries them through the harsh wind and flying shards.
someone spots him from the doorway.
someone tosses her hair over her shoulders and tilts her head back.
the cop car backs up.
someone swerves right and shoots through the hollow, letting the wave curl over him.
her wide eyes glistening.
the prisoner twists the key, another quarter turn to the right.
the station inspector dashes into the cafe.
crossing the street, someone lets go of someone's hand to answer his phone.
out in the living room, faint morning light shines in the windows and illuminates an upright piano.
both watch, as trevor goes off to find his dad.
someone corners him.
someone and someone watch as the smoky trail disappears.
the stranger stops.
snapping his fingers, someone bobs his head.
as someone struggles on his back, someone loads his gun and steps on the alien's throat.
out in the night, a gliding view of chicagos streets and high rises presents a vast expanse of speckled lights.
the children smile at the cameras.
in the snow covered apartment, someone builds a snowman.
she lights a cigarette ignoring him.
now someone leads someone and someone through a passage.
which grows longer as he pulls it out.
the mower carries them up a tree-lined road on a hill.
someone, his head wrapped in gauze,
he watches someone wrap his arms around her.
they move through a crowd.
someone finds someone at a slot machine.
a door to a stone colonnade, then faces the archer sternly.
the lawyer nonchalantly follows a second guard farther ahead.
but she kicks him down.
meanwhile, as someone exits the roller coaster, he shoots an approaching zombie.
inspectors someone and someone drag someone out of the water.
he gazes up at her as she slides her silky tank top over her head,
someone picks up a bottle of vodka and taps it against someone's glass.
as she gazes at him, her shoulders relax.
someone enters the cabin and notices his colleague in her formfitting suit.
he takes one out and tosses it to orange juice.
the blonde approaches the two as they raise their glasses.
the metal wrings someone's diamond skin, causing a crack around her neck.
now someone makes out with someone on her couch.
someone swivels his hips seductively.
in the closet on the floor, someone and someone huddle around sister, who shakes back her tangled hair.
young someone shakes food of his fork.
now, as they walk down a sidewalk, someone clasps someone's hand to his chest.
now in the alley by the flowerpot garden, fall turns to winter.
she starts to push her tray away then leans back.
he cocks his head patiently.
the last of the light fades out, leaving us in total darkness.
now, a waiter carries a covered silver tray into an elegant club.
shaking his head, someone moves away from someone.
as they pass a restroom, someone tugs on the woman's wrist.
standing apart, master someone stares, slack-jawed.
someone walks away.
forming a line, the youth group members pass down the sacks one at a time.
the overhead lighting fades and shadows appear, as sunshine washes in from one side.
where two railings make a corner, a monk does a split from one to the other, and snaps open a large fan.
someone's smile falls.
pictures and books resting on the mantelpiece and on the floor.
the young officer lights a cigarette.
noticing her, he does a double take,
the satyr meets his friends gaze and nods.
he tries the stalls.
jerking, she holds up her hands and steps closer.
he kicks one on the chest and slams another with his shield.
someone drops his gun completely.
she chases her.
someone wipes her mouth on a napkin then grabs another drink and walks outside.
her ex-husband backs the car up then pulls away.
he closes his eyes, then gazes at someone.
blinking back tears, she opens the door and hurries out.
more shots riddle her body.
she rests her head on the desk.
in a ring of darkness, someone decays the priest's right arm in his grasp.
he pulls a moth from his mouth.
he hurries up a flight of stairs and burst out
he rubs the boy's head.
a furry face peeks out from behind a stone block.
someone steals garments off a clothesline.
someone holds up three fingers again.
the hollandia coxman and shouts into a headpiece microphone.
touching ground, it slides to a stop.
someone walks to one side of a scale city model on a table and steps to his right.
someone rolls over and sits up.
someone glares at his assistant with a knit brow.
as the other girls look on, she opens the present and pulls out a pair of louboutin shoes just like someone's.
someone and his blonde partner march forward and seize someone by the arms.
a long holster strapped to his thigh.
the cops accost her.
someone moves under the automaton with his arms outstretched but stops at the edge of the platform.
he sits up.
he stands behind his chair, and gesticulates.
he snaps the horn off a unicorn's skull and defends
someone finds someone on the phone in his office.
carrying it in its beak, the penguin drops the cell in a tub of ice water.
later, hfs wafers dump out on the captain's desk.
the dancing patron's part, giving mrs.
pirates slide down on ropes and fight the unicorn's crew with swords.
he drops another.
her lips curl up.
a man wearing sunglasses steps up to someone.
taking a microphone, stark dabs his mouth with a handkerchief.
someone sadly eyes her daughter as someone stands and uncaps the pen.
someone stares off, then picks up a large bucket and goes back to the well-lit room.
someone steps out and the mustang continues on down the dirt road.
making his way through the railcars, someone finds a floor strewn with broken wood.
as someone ties a ribbon on a gift box, his penguin steps closer to the television.
someone holds the door open for her and she gets in.
he runs down another.
the workmen get into a car.
she playfully taps someone's nose with the bristles.
later, she and her trainer rest on their forearms as they hold plank positions.
someone locks the box.
they plummet 20 feet onto a table below.
someone faces mrs.
the soldier studies them carefully then faces his men.
he catches up with her and grabs her arm.
as she gazes at a door it open the door.
scrambling to the prow, someone dives into the water.
he jolts spilling his beer.
he takes several steps backward, sighs, then races forward and leaps off the catwalk.
in a waiting room, dr.
passengers sit calmly on a ferry.
noticing his reddened chest, someone grabs a broken mirror.
as someone turns, she lifts her brow expectantly and offers a faint smile.
someone grins sheepishly.
she slaps his chest.
someone springs up, grabs a timekeeper's gun and punches both officers flanking him.
someone flicks her eyes from side to side.
someone stands up.
now, someone stands while someone rides the wave on her belly beside him.
at a dressing table, someones fingers glide over a drawing of a reclined female figure in a sketchbook.
someone humbly bows her head.
smiling at him from her bed, flipping through a magazine.
from the stairwell, our gaze lingers on the door, then drifts over to a set of elevators.
keeping his eyes on her, someone opens the car's gull-wing door.
someone turns, punches the guard, then snaps his neck.
he bandages her ankle.
sitting partially hidden in a chair on the other side of a bureau, someone huddles up and lights a cigarette.
she makes the call, later.
the mercedes drifts through a hard right turn past a road work site.
now wearing the mask again, he marches into a gas station's food mart.
he leaps back onto the platform and marches to a starting position, with a hardened scowl.
he falls to the floor, his blood accenting the window's emblazoned words, join the club.
she raises her arms as a message flashes on her screen.
at the ice wolves' bench, the coach shouts impatiently.
someone watches nervously as he grips the scissor handle and slowly yanks the instrument out of his body.
someone's hands fly to her glasses.
he circles the remaining answers at random then steps up behind the teacher to turn in his quiz.
someone leans at a window, someone and someone sit in chairs at the foot of the bed, and someone sits at her side.
in slinky party dresses, they someone to the music and swivel their hips as they drink.
he straightens, picking up a teddy bear from the bed.
as they ease apart, someone gazes up.
someone salutes then walks off after the girls.
it loses a wheel as it speeds out, but continues down the dirt path.
now that mercedes races around a corner.
sees rodrigo peeing on the dance floor.
they each do a shot.
someone heaves a resolute sigh and bravely leaves the wall.
someone runs back with the bag.
he opens the door.
as someone tries to hold the tiger's gaze, he notices someone watching them.
as someone offers her hand, someone rises to his feet and puts the ring on her finger.
dozens of armed french soldiers appear in the mist and head toward them.
over the sea, the rockets fall from the sky, some bursting in mid-air,
stopping at a door, he straightens his tie, then knocks.
behind them, someone sneaks off.
with their weary eyes fixed on each other, they both take a sip.
later, at the elevators, she presses the call button.
someone points at his own throat then shakes his head.
a boy pulls a little girl on a boogie board.
the plane dives toward an ice-covered land mass.
the woman filming her grins and nods.
someone uses his tie as a shield.
he folds dr.
someone tries to suppress giggles.
as they reach a path, they king's horse approaches at a full gallop.
water drips into various pots surrounding the bed.
smirking, someone lifts his brow.
meanwhile, someone crosses the curio shop.
without standing upright, someone braces himself on the walls and creeps downstairs.
someone looks around himself.
a bearded bespectacled man stand behind them.
she makes her way toward a modest house in a working class neighborhood.
later, clouds fill the bright afternoon sky.
now, the soldier drives his car with a stoic frown.
turning, he briefly meets someone's gaze.
following his gaze, the boy halts in his tracks.
later, someone pulls a metal grate over the front of his shop.
someone opens his door.
later, someone, someone, someone, and someone sit in chairs watching as someone leans over her car to fix it.
now someone smacks leslie's legs as she looks to pass.
someone smiles, but someone just gapes at her phone.
the russian's eyes close and his head drops.
she bisects a lobster's head.
they run across the beach together then pace to the opposite ends of a long drift wood log.
he goes to the nurses station.
later, orange light from someone's torch flickers on the rock walls as he leads his father through the tunnel.
on the far side of the lagoon, someone emerges from the water.
later, he drives mama.
now someone spots someone at a market and quickly turns tail.
someone looks to his instructor, who watches impassively.
someone solemnly shakes her head, then yields a smile.
now someone lays someone down on the couch.
on the storage bag's white label, someone writes pb and a backwards j.
he taps the container against the side of the canoe to empty it completely.
someone picks up his phone and puts it to his ear.
the arc reactors on the defeated drones also blink.
someone rubs her back again.
someone head-butts someone, then quickly pulls him back in.
one penguin makes a snow angel.
he sips from a mug.
in a park, someone emerges from behind a tree and flicks open his butterfly knife as he sizes up a group of elderly people performing tai chi.
he kisses someone.
someone lies ravished next to him
the bumper lies on the floor beneath a cock-eyed headlight, and the sledgehammer stands leaning against the hood.
someone watches her sadly.
he glumly eats a snack.
crouching, someone shuts the sizable case.
she sets a rock on his lab table.
a bartender leans forward,
someone picks up her phone and types on the keypad.
someone offers his shotgun but someone takes out pruning shears.
someone's body slides to a stop in the dirt as the car drives off leaving a cloud of dust behind.
the briefcase of money opens as it hits the ground.
someone swaggers toward him, his jacket draped over his shoulder.
someone parks in a lot behind the building where 7th graders wash a car.
someone and someone sit on the curb.
someone recoils as he barges in.
someone joins her.
he unveils a poster board with a logo.
peering closely at the photo, she shakes her head.
hiding amid large mechanical parts, someone draws a pistol as he creeps around the factory's main floor.
now, we see someone behind his turntables with his headphones propped on his head like mouse ears.
the attendant holds eye contact then grabs and shifts someone's melons.
someone watches her from the kitchen doorway.
someone rubs his hands together, then sets up a microphone.
she does her goofy bouncy dance.
meanwhile, the acrobatic brawny gunman leaps from a stack of crates onto another roof.
a pencil case holds wafers depicting the haloed poop logo.
she rips off someone's woodchuck costume, revealing his blue devil costume.
the shears slide across the floor, their blades dripping blood.
someone sets her bag in a chair facing it.
then turns back and enters the house.
someone looks on from the bed.
now, someone picks up the camera.
a few large lights illuminate the exterior of the facility in an otherwise dark landscape.
sit down.
someone holds out a lighter.
spinning around, someone spots the van nearby.
nearby someone whispers to bradford, she never cries.
pressing his lips together, he leans against the banister railing.
he spots fedex packages on the side of the road.
a pair of hands and oven mitts take them out and sets them on a stove.
someone reaches for his pen, but it's gone.
two girls playing miniature golf cheer along.
with an anguished look, she peers through a crack, then slumps against the thick wooden door.
someone holds four phones.
on stage, the lead singer holds her hand to her ear like a telephone.
she nods miserably.
in the passenger seat, someone wipes her eyes then rests her forehead on the back of her hand, hiding her face.
someone peers across the giant waves and locates the sinking ship.
the sweaty killer's gaze darts wildly about.
in the window glass, a reflection shows blond passing something off to two of thuggish bullies.
he speeds in to traffic.
someone picks up the cube-shaped energy source.
the humvee stops, and the soldiers climb out with their guns drawn.
a fountain jets water in front of a cluster of towering hotel/casinos.
another fat zombie arrives and chases someone toward his companion who now wields a bat.
in the window seat beside her big sister, someone sleeps with
he sits back a bit and expels a shaky breath.
he musters a smile.
a suit makes a beeline for someone.
someone pats someone's shoulder.
someone looks at old snapshots with someone's friend sara.
as the holograph slows to a stop, it turns sideways.
he admires his work and breathes deep.
in an adjacent room a globe lamp glows softly.
on her way out the janitor waxing the floor glances at her.
she moves close to him.
someone leads someone to his desk.
someone steps next to someone.
lowering the axe, someone gets down and kicks a seat.
she eats some of her potatoes, and sucks the spoon.
someone tries to pull the bomb vest up over someone's head.
one penguin holds the door for the others as they leave.
crouching, someone extends his hand.
shuddering with electricity, someone opens his eyes.
falling again, someone slides into a barrier at the edge of the upper deck.
now riding behind him.
as they stroll into the alley, someones grin fades.
someone dunks him again.
another bomb has been converted into a lamp stand.
someone resumes the song.
he pokes it a few times.
reconvened, they climb a steep track.
sitting on a bench inside, a brawny young man with blonde hair lifts his gaze.
the hummer pulls forward and someone strides back to meet it.
words appear one minute later.
she spins on her stool.
pulling herself out of the hole, she staggers away from it with someone close behind.
at work someone receives a text.
the first boy takes out a pistol, but the blond boy knocks it away.
pressing his lips together, he steers the van in a u-turn across the highway.
someone rubs his hands together as the man trudges up stone steps then turns down a street lined with tall tenements.
someone jumps rope.
behind them, several boys run out to watch, while the wedding guests raise their glasses to the bride and groom.
she tries the other side but he blocks her way.
in a dressing room, someone watches someone put on make-up.
the teenager chases her on foot.
he checks out a short-haired woman then takes out his cellphone and reads a text message.
someone jerks awake, glancing around with wide fearful eyes.
someone and someone watch her go.
turning, she finds someone staring at her through a set of windows.
someone plops down and
his eyes dart about.
since someone has not returned to the ring
she sits in front of him.
as someone walks through a door in one corner a shadowy figure paces deeper into the gloom.
her fellow students add their eggs too.
at the front of the cathedral, the flag draped casket lies before the apse.
he knocks a bell off the counter.
he pauses to greet acquaintances, then spots her.
someone blocks, deflects, and swats his teacher's attacks.
later, the jeep travels a winding dirt path wide enough for only one vehicle.
someone salts his food.
outside the entrance, the helicopter touches down in a whirlwind of dust.
someone stretches his bare feet.
now an eight-wheeled armored transport sits parked outside
now they peek out from behind a partition.
now, someone's suv reaches the island.
picking his way over the now ankle-high green flames, he joins someone at the circle's center.
someone tries for a three-pointer, but it bounces off the rim and someone gets the rebound.
now as we peer across a sprawling suburb, words appear.
someone dons his hat.
crouching in front of a display case, she eyes shelves of pastries, then straightens.
someone opens her mouth wide in a grief stricken wail.
rule 17 changes from don't be a hero to be a hero.
in the locker room, someone drops some cash on his bag.
someone faces the water and blinks.
his back propped against one of the covering's six foot legs and stares at the unhatched egg.
it sails over the backboard.
behind them, someone shakes her head and makes notes.
about 50 yards away, someone stands doubled over, catching his breath.
someone jerks his hand to one side and the boxes tumble off the shelf.
then turns to a homeless man.
someone googles wennerstrom + vanger industries.
he spits at someone's feet.
standing at the open door of a volvo sedan
slipping off his jacket, someone walks into a home office and opens a desk drawer.
he follows her outside.
she smiles at someone.
someone hurriedly takes down the other board, ducks down, and carries it from the shed.
she gazes longingly toward the ocean.
gazing into the villains eye
they turn away from the potomac's rocky bank.
as someone struggles with the door, she flings him to the ground.
inside, someone eats a chocolate cupcake.
an old dog wheezes on his couch as they stop and kiss.
peering through a window, someone sees the commander-in-chief fall out of his chair.
someone stands rooted.
a colleague makes a call.
someone presses her lips together and glances away, then returns to someone.
now, at night, our view glides over a highway, its lanes glittering from the lights of traffic below.
he turns to her.
while someone looks around, the mastermind opens a third door.
he aims his gun at the chauffeur.
working alone at a computer.
later someone and someone lie facing each other, kissing tenderly.
later at a marina, someone wears someone's button-down shirt.
leaning against the command module's wall, someone sinks to the floor and draws his son.
facebook likes grows from 402 to 25,297.
someone lunges, playfully biting someone's neck.
at night, we swoop low over the streets of springfield passing smoking chimneys as lightning flashes in the distance.
the security team carries him away.
as he cries, someone goes to comfort him.
she gives a bitter smile.
a couple passes by.
she touches an intercom.
someone blinks, then stares up at the ceiling.
taking a seat, he smiles up at him.
she props her chin on her fist.
someone gives a tiny bow and the man returns the gesture.
clinging to the blanket, he climbs up.
someone glances at someone, who quickly returns to his work.
now, in the lush green fields of nottingham, lady someone
she touches his head, then his chest.
the senior executive meets his gaze.
the thug forces someone into a shallow ditch, then steps away.
someone enters his office.
someone gravely looks from her to someone.
spotting someone, someone splits off and rides over.
a gust of air rustles the papers on the floor.
they crouch behind the bushes a dozen feet below the illuminated front porch.
she wears a winter coat and hat, and carries a grocery bag crammed with junk food.
seeing mr.
someone pats someone's hand.
he halts at its edge and eyes a police van below.
he glances at his partner.
someone bashes his thug with the butt of his rifle, as someone slices the other's throat.
watching him from the doorway, someone meekly shifts on his feet.
as he pulls away, she meets his gaze with a smile.
someone steps onto the beam and inches his way across.
inside she finds a greeting card with a gift card.
back in her hotel room, someone watches a young woman sing on television.
he turns and goes.
the someone retreats under someone's skirt as the
his shoulders heave as he catches his own breath.
someone picks up a shield as the trooper fires.
someone opens his eyes and brushes a tear from his own cheek.
woman faces a group of teenagers and their parents.
inside, someone answers his cell.
outside, someone holds off the others with the alien gun.
when someone returned home after someone's funeral,
someone glances at the russian and shrugs his head.
behind him, someone stands just inside a bedroom with a door half open.
he gives a resolute nod.
releases someone's cheeks.
someone grabs the arms of a boy in a warm-up jacket.
one of the king cousins breaks off from the socializing to place a folded slip of paper in a large wooden bowl,
someone grabs the machine gun and runs out of the shop and into the street.
on the ship's deck, someone dodges someone's blast and strangles him with his tail.
someone mimes shooting someone and he falls to the sand.
a girl sits up in bed.
and then opens the door again, someone smiles - touched.
someone lifts his brow wryly.
the kidnapper's face calms as he stares straight ahead.
someone pulls out in a little blue hatchback.
things and move out.
someone sneaks after him, disguised in a windbreaker and bucket hat.
someone stares at someone then runs and grabs the reel of film off the projector.
an officer points at us.
later, she enters union station's great hall and sweeps her gaze around the high ceilinged atrium.
a needle rises on a vita-ray gauge.
she's packing too.
later, at a someone, a monitor shows a news headline.
various vehicles sit in the driveway, including an rv and a boat.
glistening in the light.
in the pickup, someone remains entranced.
more patrons jump out of their way.
she takes the shot,
someone lies before us, nose bleeding.
brother and sister look at one another, then someone pats someone on the shoulder and goes back to her teammates.
she prances off.
our view widens to reveal a broad row of pillared stone archways opening into the towering bank's courtyard.
crosses the disc.
the thief steals a mustached man's lighter, then lights the man's cigarette.
he glances at her, starts to go, but hesitates.
in a luxurious bed by a glimmering pool she picks up her cellphone.
as he scratches the back of his head, his hand freezes.
later, the group hikes a narrow trail beside a canyon.
dispatch the fleet.
he steps aside with his hands in his pockets.
he waves at her through the closing doors.
in memoriam, gottfried vanger 1927-1965.
someones botched eyebrow rises even higher.
someone pulls a pamphlet from his shirt pocket.
she sits up.
we love you."
someone passes out, landing in a heap beside his desk.
the attendant is watching a small tv.
she anxiously locates the swirling crescent shaped fish tattoo on her actual back.
he gets out and surveys the damage.
as he watches them carry someone away.
the judge follows someone's gaze to the closed double-doors.
someone scrambles behind a pedestal, flings away his smoking shield and examines his scorched hand.
unlocking the front door, he lets someone inside.
the older man faces him.
another tweet, just hanging at the cat cafe in tokyo with my besties.
watching from bleachers above the road, race fans lean over the fence and gawk as someone throws his helmet off and walks down the center of the road toward the approaching cars.
someone and his friends follow him across a road and into an alleyway.
the surviving alien moves off.
a flashback shows a young woman on the beach.
it squirts him in the face.
parked outside donut prince.
in the first photo, the teen girl sits in the wheelchair gurney wearing a hospital gown.
someone continues to gaze upward.
she removes her jacket.
it starts to move.
she turns to face him and they share a tender kiss.
he rolls on to his side and curls a hand around the little dog's belly.
someone takes photos on his phone.
someone continues to stare off.
she checks her cell then slides it shut and shifts her eyes around the sparse room.
a gust of wind, someone turns her to face him.
someone leads the way up the staircase.
later someone strolls into a restaurant and approaches the hostess.
he finds his mother adoring a dozen young boys and girls clad in red gis.
in the module, someone's son watches lights blink on throughout the interior.
in a posh ladies room, someone controls her breath.
someone goes to someone and shows a newspaper covering someone's death.
he frames his crotch with his hands then hurries over and belly flops onto the bed.
panting, he stares back, then cracks an undaunted smile.
the farm girl faces her cousin and finds her expression sincere.
as he waves, the penguins take a step back.
white tents line the shore and varied boats cruise the river passing under an arched bridge.
someone stares at him as she slowly backs away.
he springs back safely.
his father's side, someone drops to his knees and cradles his head in his hand.
the roadster turns out to a quiet road, forcing an arriving timekeeper car to veer to one side.
someone intercepts him.
in the evening, the blonde strolls a busy street.
someone picks it up.
he playfully smushes a piece into her mouth, then rubs it over his own face.
the commander lowers his rifle.
someone sits in the saddle
he grins widely.
she grins at him.
someone watches her estranged laotong with shining eyes.
someone grabs the cameraman.
with hesitation, the boy turns and looks down at his mother.
someone peeks around a corner.
he arrives at a door and passes through.
someone sees the russians enter the theater.
he gets under the silky covers.
someone faces her with a smile and she grins.
someone starts off.
now in the someone's bedroom, someone wears curlers and straightens someone's hair.
staring, someone grabs his brutish henchmen's shoulder.
he starts for his car, then turns back.
someone sorrowfully covers her mouth.
in a video, young someone reads.
someone lets go of the chain,
they light up beneath his touch.
inside, someone enters the hallway and raises his gun.
the heavyset thug stands nearby as someone opens someone's door and yanks him out.
as we peer closely at the universe between krishna's lips, it moves.
later, he stands on the terrace with his back to the open doorway.
he and his mother clasp each other's forearms, then rotate his over hers.
he sits.
someone punches someone in the face.
she meets his gaze, then draws his face closer and kisses his forehead.
black fluid sprays him in the face.
now rain falls as someone raises her bedroom window and props it open with a red book.
the bus pulls away.
as the trio watch the movie together,
someone holds one hand over his chest.
the goateed thug shoots, his bullets making glowing holes in the rider's scorched leather jacket.
with his eyes fixed on the man, someone remains on the opposite sidewalk.
a partition rises, revealing a gospel choir of singers dressed in white robes.
he marches toward the huddle of bullies.
someone lifts the laughing vampire from the box then shoves him aside and peeks in the hole himself.
he starts to cut into his sandwich before noticing his daughter's head bowed in prayer.
as she pushes on one panel, it spins and she disappears behind it.
someone turns, revealing an ornate south-western knife handle sticking out of his back.
left alone, someone grabs his backpack and heads out.
creeping further under the pillow, he finds a tooth.
someone and someone arrive home, and someone rises to meet them.
guest opens the door to two policemen.
clambering down to his driveway,
losing their balance, they fall off their boards.
later in his shed, he tends to his cherry red surfboard.
the journalist takes in his surroundings as they pass through an electrical room.
agent someone looks down.
as she shuts the door he stirs and stretches.
someone helps her up.
they flop down beside each other.
one goes out.
later, someone wipes graffiti from a bathroom stall.
she grabs her bag.
someone stares through one blue eye and one yellow eye, double its previous size.
getting to his feet, the older man steps away from the table in his beige knee socks and sandals.
the automaton drops onto the tracks.
it leaps at someone clumsily and snaps at the oar.
they curl his tentacles through the handle.
the shooting ceases and the bullet riddled man falls.
the propeller snags haddocks parachute, spins him around rapidly several times and spits him onto the sand nearby.
someone picks up a metal bar.
she surveys some men working at a table beneath them.
he plunges his face into the water.
she gets in.
of a spotlight and rises to his feet with the zoo.
kicking legs again, he climbs back on.
someone starts to open it.
the transfixed teen focuses on the boy's dark eyes,
wrapping himself in one of the blankets he pulls it out from under the cat.
standing in front of a mirror, she fits the scrunchie around a small bun of hair at the back of her head
separated by only a few feet, the two man sneer at each other.
she faces someone intently then looks back at the painting.
someone starts to move past his ward then stops in front of her.
he slowly guides the boy through a squat, then yanks the poles again.
a woman in sexy lingerie reclines on top of a pool enclosed in glass panels.
an orange life jacket from the raft still sits on his shoulders.
peels off the decal revealing a different logo underneath.
he crawls out from under his desk.
the general hangs up.
someone faces his team.
he lights up another across the room.
she pretends to take a shot.
day 303 rolls back to day 45.
someone crosses to someone, who sits forlornly on his own.
she chases him.
she gives a brisk headshake then returns her attention to someone.
shaking his head, someone blinks rapidly and sees someone someone struggling across the boat.
he watches as it slides open and.
someone reluctantly raises her champagne and forces a smile.
someone falls over.
someone rushes forward and cradles her fallen form.
he heads upstairs.
taking a breath someone beams at him.
someone takes a breath
he leads her from the dance floor.
men carry oxygen tanks in the opposite direction.
someone watches the action on a monitor.
a bird flies past.
then takes a freshly printed business card from one of the oblong boxes.
medical mice tend to a patient.
the others follow him.
he collapses.
someone sees something, too, and he and someone duck.
they swing before the crowd.
glancing around himself, someone holds out his arms.
someone ping charges at someone, who sidesteps his attack.
someone shifts his exasperated gaze as his son helps someone to his feet and urges him onward.
sitting in the cockpit someone pulls a knob and starts the plane.
someone takes a puff on his cigarette.
he offers his arm and she takes it.
as someone steps down the hall, someone flips through her collection of record albums.
three feet before they reach each other, she tumbles forward.
later, we drift over a bed, to find someone lying alone.
someone leaves the downed railcar.
someone promptly sits up.
he takes a sip of beer.
now, someone's surfing gear lies neatly on his bed.
taking in her emotional smile, they follow her gaze.
someone tries to pry a grappling tool from the canvas cover.
someone stands at the bedroom entrance.
someone tries to retrieve them with little success.
someone regards her incredulously.
a rider bounces out of his raft.
a large russian man exits the suv, waving his arms.
her arms and legs wrapped around someone as she smothers him with kisses.
the nurse leaves the room.
she carefully closes the door and tiptoes in.
the maserati weaves around the other cars as it speeds down the strip.
keeping his stare on someone, someone ends the call.
she leads him under a cluster of boards supported by a beam.
and carrying a portfolio.
he tears open a packet of gunpowder and dumps it down his gun's barrel.
he turns to find mr.
someone cocks his head.
she opens her arms to the crowd.
among them, someone recoils from someone as she holds him tight.
someone glances away and unlatches his seat belt then slowly guides it off his chest.
averting her gaze, someone nods disappointedly.
meeting someones gaze, she shrugs.
she walks with him.
he strides to the ford v8.
from overhead, cars move along a curvy freeway cutting through mountains.
someone also leaves.
now, the car travels along a road overlooking the ocean.
her sketches adorned the headboard.
she slaps him.
later he blows out candles on a cake.
someone takes a piece of someone's pants over to a blanket, where he sits and flails around.
later, some girls bend forward in horizontal splits while others sit on their lower backs.
as someone stares wide eyed at the ceiling.
someone grabs the guitar.
she catches someone smiling fondly at her.
someone gets up and grabs their mugs.
then turns his hand,
someone's father looks up from his desk.
his hand and pulls her into a tight embrace.
his chest heaves as he turns from the group.
he gazes up with barely comprehending eyes.
he reaches down the front of his pants, then brings his fingers up to his nose.
now, ravers wave glow sticks overhead as lasers beam across the dance floor.
someone continues unhooking the canvas as the boat ramps off surging waves.
the young man looks away.
a sign on the window reads, sid's bail bonds.
the boat exits through a freestanding letter h in a towering hillside sign that reads hell.
her eyes roll back.
someone and someone swap uneasy looks as someone does a weird humping dance with the nerd.
the inspectors leave without the newspaper.
the packet falls, inches from her hand.
scanning the mezzanine level, someone leads them forward.
someone sets the table.
in the bank, someone stares outside, pistol aimed.
the henchman fixes a menacing glare on the camper.
he gazes after her.
sepia-toned photo shows dates, men, and officers resembling someone.
the saboteur freezes warily then trots on.
elsewhere, someone leaves his building with his now draped canvas tucked under one arm.
little someone faces her sister.
in the waiting room someone fidgets.
troy shifts his wounded gaze.
switches it on, and smiles to himself.
he grins at someone.
someone tries to dance, awkwardly swaying to the music.
now in a quiet residential neighborhood, an iraqi man in a taupe suit patrols the sidewalk with an assault rifle.
path of light pierces the darkness at the cave's entrance and he swims toward it.
someone closes his mouth.
he follows wet prints of bare feet down a corridor's black rubber floor.
she stands over him and breaks the ceramic head over his.
someone yields a coy smile and turns toward the painting.
a black stretch limousine pulls up to a factory building.
someone widens her eyes.
someone's head twitches groggily.
as someone irritably shakes his head, someone pushes himself onto his hands and knees.
she puts her face in her hands.
she keeps her back to us.
she turns to the stalls.
she half subdues her smile.
he shifts his gaze to someone who continues to stare straight ahead with a stoic expression.
following his gaze she finds the cat lying just outside the door with its head cut off.
he gazes at her.
someone slams someone's head against the trunk.
someone stops then aims at him.
heave[unclear]s as she stares with wide eyes.
he slaps his hands to someone's face and kisses him again.
chugging someone's, poopsie tips over.
she pulls out a key as she reaches the door, only to discover it is slightly open.
the gunfire pins them down and someone scampers across the room.
the time travelers draw closer to the block etched with arrow-shaped hieroglyphics.
and holds it up to someone.
she turns towards someone, but doesn't look at him.
he past the locked down bank doors.
on this day of the new year, we became master and lady someone.
his face bruised and swollen, someone eyes the gossipers.
someone smiles comfortingly at his fiance.
the guard places one hand on someone's shoulder.
someone resumes eating.
he jumps in the water, dunks her and holds her under.
someone smiles slightly.
they each take a bite from a chocolate.
meanwhile, in a lab on board someone, the head someone collected rises into a glass chamber.
he holds it up with the search party photo comparing it with the identical crest on someone's blazer.
someone continues through the field, leaving the others behind.
someone doubles over laughing with the sailors.
a guy approaches.
with a look of distaste, someone wipes her hands together and goes.
it leaves the upper deck flooded as he recovers.
she slides over the table.
as someone moves on someone hands him a shot.
someone removes the lid, finding forest green tissue paper over the contents.
someone ambles to the park gate and finds someone's hat lying on the sidewalk.
she flips down her helmet's visor and speeds off.
at the hospital, someone runs to someone who's with dr.
all the separate but identical mouse couples are revealed in their places on the diorama.
someone and the inspectors surround the car as it stops.
he walks into a room where someone lies in a slightly tilted bed someone shuts the door.
someone gazes off.
he looks up from one of the pages.
now, we pull back from a faux italian statue of neptune towering over the center of a fountain, with scalloped ridges evocative of an oyster shell.
a matronly four-winged fairy gracefully descends through sunbeams to the floor.
someone comes up behind them.
our distant view sharpens to reveal a cheetah patting across a lush habitat.
a female agent distributes clipboards.
she stops and furrows her brow.
faces appear on it like a nesting doll.
someone faces the crowd with a joyful smile.
someone's jaw drops and he smiles.
someone works his jaw.
getting to his feet, he notices a red light flashing from a high post.
lightning flashes, striking a metal tower on
she stares at the screen, slack-jawed, then disbelievingly cocks her head.
someone flings one whip at iron man, who catches it.
below him, someone does bench presses.
someone addresses a brunette woman.
spinning, she backhands him with one of the brushes.
black smoke billows from one of new york city's twin towers.
folding back the layer, she finds a camel hair coat with a thick fur collar.
dark sunglasses hide her eyes above her coy smile.
the bald gunman follows and the thin one takes cover behind a pillar.
blonde someone unpacks a bag.
later a model saunters past.
in the school, someone and his friends step into the hallway.
he goes into the living room where someone is watching the news and typing on her laptop.
someone fires two shots at a door in the corner.
the recruits jump to their feet and perform jumping jacks.
someone stares at someone as he rubs a makeup sponge on her face.
someone's mother, someone, is standing outside by a pretty rose garden.
someone shrugs at the passing cruiser.
she clutches both hands to her mouth and arches her brow.
someone cranes her neck to watch.
someone gives a spastic nod.
someone takes it from his mouth and puts it in hers.
someone rides inside.
a tall, blond, caucasian boy jogs up to them.
someone pulls out his pistol, cocks it.
now, the student grips the poles, allowing his teacher to pull his arms upward.
she flashes a hopeful wide-eyed smile.
he turns to the passenger window.
he imitates the woman.
someone looks up at the room's domed ceiling.
someone gives a thoughtful look.
someone follows her outside and finds her on her cellphone,
the place is empty.
her bag drops onto the floor and her keys and the check plunk onto a table.
in the living room, someone still sleeps.
someone draws a circle in the air with his finger.
he lies back on a sofa.
gliding across the platform, she sweeps a hand beneath her face.
they enter a bedroom.
someone gulps wine and sets down the glass.
wearing shoulder holsters, they ready their handguns.
sunbeams filter through the trees.
someone touches him gently.
she beams back at him and jerks her head toward the screen.
someone stands on the plaza, her chest heaving, her eyes wet with tears.
glancing over the sleek black furnishings, he sets gift bags on a table.
he leads her through the chaos.
he scans the surrounding fields and the cylindrical hay bales dotting them.
vanishing from view, as the van continues onward.
someone shows off the diamond ring placed prominently on his middle finger.
someone sits at the head of the table.
below, someone runs across the station.
the cut pauses on the tv in someone's office.
someone studies him, her expression growing tender.
the veteran surfer appears uninjured as he climbs onto the rock's peak.
someone thoughtfully runs his thumb over it.
someone takes a swig of bottled cider.
going back in, it halts half way.
she hurries through the crowd.
she wipes her nose.
their carefree smiles fade as they notice his large gun.
someone watches the bus pull away in his rearview mirror.
someone goes inside.
someone carries two bags out.
she bites a tiny hole in the water cup
the young woman takes out a sketch book.
they reach a clearing, through clouds and bright sunlight, as someone levels out.
with a match, she lights a rope sending flames up a beam.
the others drink.
rubbing his arms, she lovingly gazes into his eyes.
someone finds a closed fan in the basket.
she pours a mug of coffee.
she nods tearfully.
onscreen, gable turns away from powell who draws a deep breath and heads into a cell block.
someone's vehicle speeds away followed by the armed convoy.
he leaves with someone.
a view from her living room window shows her passing outside.
someone laughs again.
a thick patch of white paint beneath the right tail light hole drips onto the street.
he opens the drapes.
his jaw tightens and he holds someone in a weary, disdainful stare.
he takes a flag on its wooden pole.
someone grabs her pocket book.
someone relaxes his aim.
as he gets up, she turns and watches him dress.
the two brothers dangle over an endless expanse of deep space.
he grabs her hand and leads her down the steps.
slowly lifting his sheepish gaze, someone looks around the table.
taking a deep breath, she manages a brave nod.
she places someone's hands around it.
he frowns as he notices the table and the contracts, but no pen.
now she buys cheese.
blood stains the wood near her throat.
someone looks on in anguish as someone shakes his head.
lifting another hatch, the teen finds it packed with life jackets.
in his living room, mr.
he shifts his baffled gaze.
the monkey waves to someone.
above ground, wind bellows through trees and lightning flashes.
officer fires first.
as they fight the crane lifts the car, smashes it into a brick wall, then drags it up the wall.
it's ghostly hatch lowers on top of him and he vanishes.
someone smirks at someone as someone shakes his head.
now in an exam room, a smiling doctor enters.
someone picks up his shield and watches as the cube burns a hole through the deck, and plummets out of sight.
someone runs down a hallway while someone exchanges punches with the first guard near the entrance.
someone hangs his head as the soldier walks away.
seated at a grand piano, someone glances over, then turns her attention to her song journal.
he leans closer.
on a balcony, a man in a navy tunic rapidly twirls a fighting staff around his lithe frame.
someone climbs back on.
he looks up as the destroyer fires another beam.
on the roadway, someone gives a thumbs up to a crew member.
he lifts his hand in a wave.
they hug tightly.
at home, someone adds notations to sheet music, then stares thoughtfully at it.
someone tears of his cape and drapes it over sir someone, who falls onto his back.
as someone rises, someone stops and turns to him.
someone maintains her stony expression.
on the bench someone gives a hopeful smile.
someone takes out the brochure.
he kisses his cheeks.
he joins someone and the heavyset thug.
he veers on to the overpass.
the boy now stands in a cage in the inspector's office.
now, a close-up shows a smooth cursive signature.
one cat bats a toy mouse, another cat leaps over someone's lap.
downstairs the penguins run in circles.
he pulls someone's tongue.
someone helps her slide the fan down her own sleeve.
someone surfaces and scoops him up in his arms.
reaching the front steps, someone bobs his head soberly.
someone recoils from a tree.
someone jumps, then waves the boy onward.
he flicks a light switch, then another with no effect.
he finds a piece of wire hanging from a nearby hook and laces it through two eyelets on the doors, binding them together.
the general circles the packed room, indicating the map with a long pointer.
as his near-motionless body rotates underwater, the young man shuts his eyes.
she rubs her eyes then glances around and climbs out of the hole.
someone smacks his hand away and avoids his gaze.
our view drifts to someone's weary face as he stares across the room.
someone shuts it off and sits up on the side of his bed.
now, he steps down the driveway, using his cane.
she expertly stirs the motorcycle as it whisks around a vehicle.
our view draws near the side of his face.
he lowers his thoughtful gaze and purses his lips.
shane shifts his weight.
removing a pair of spectacles, the president takes up his ax and turns away.
on to the rocky bank, he pulls of an elastic band strapping a flashlight to his arm and turns on his helmet's secondary light.
one wolf leans upright on the revolving door's bars.
reaching up, someone catches it lightly in his gloved hand.
holding her gun at a ready, she steps to the edge of the stairwell.
onstage, the reclined dancers snap then raise their arms in the air.
someone opens the first and leafs through pages of plastic sleeved contact sheets.
her father looks to spar, then nods resolutely.
someone stops and stares at the chrysler building, its illuminated crown agleam in the night eagles mounted on a high.
someone hangs up then stares at her reflection in the mirror.
someone allows the white water to surround him, then crouches low and glides out of it.
it opens.
now, spar lies in his backroom cage.
they follow the charming, colorful street toward the sea.
the wounded minotaur straightens then falls on its back.
he peeks in the refrigerator.
he moves to someone, who keeps her gun aimed at the blond and sets the earrings in her palm.
later someone puts on lipstick at a mirror.
someone quirks his brow at her.
our view slowly spins above him, and the circle becomes a peephole in their apartment door, marked 305.
he shows a magazine.
someone spots the boy.
he stops for a red traffic light on a corner where more national guardsmen stand together talking, their guns strapped over their shoulders.
someone wets her lips.
by her pet tortoise at home, someone does sit-ups with an ab roller.
someone's lips spread into a smile and he nods.
now they visit someone and someone.
bitey nips someone's leg.
the mother shuts her eyes, lifts her brow, and gives a sad smile.
someone stares gloomily at mackenzie.
she blinks then leans closer, bringing her lips near his ear.
someone's expression crumbles and someone turns to see someone's pale and swollen face.
she shakes it from someone's head.
lying on the floor with his toe and the other two back away.
he leers at her.
with a dry look, he brushes his bangs out of his face.
it was your turn, now it's mine.
someone zips up.
subtitle: let me see that.
a guy with a blond someone uses the phone.
shaking his head, someone turns away.
they hurry on stage and break up the fight.
now wearing casual clothes, the boy makes his way down the winding alley, and steps into someone's house.
and gently caresses the backs of her toes.
the students watch as the professor exits.
he dances.
the armored truck quickly follows.
he curls in his finger, surfaces and checks his watch.
now, the young woman from the choir checks her watch as she heads toward a gazebo.
in a blur of motion, someone appears behind someone, then catches up and taps his shoulder.
gazing thoughtfully, someone sips his drink.
he pockets it.
as a few others follow, someone and someone keep a low profile.
someone climbs a ladder.
he cuts his headlights, gets out, and lumbers wearily to the front.
someone takes out his compass with the photo of someone in the lid
a lanky man with graying hair accompanies her on the piano.
later, she peeks out of a video game booth and draws him in with her.
getaway car, another guard fires a rifle.
he unties his jacket.
someone pockets the flashlight.
someone absorbs, then redirects the strike into a boy's face.
the elderly chairman scans their sober faces.
turning his back to the tv he opens a newspaper.
framed by the metal helmet, someone's parted lips and glistening eyes show his gaze to be strangely tense and tranquil.
video of the hearing appears on a screen.
she grins and someone
then turns and smiles at someone.
someone sets the plates in front of someone and someone.
mrs. wei opens it, then removes and unfolds a letter.
the headlight projects their shadows onto the wall behind them, as the boy maneuvers them into position.
he braces himself with both arms as he walks his legs up the side of the barn and eases deeper inside.
later, the disassembled model, stacked in four panels, rises out of the passenger seat of someone's convertible, as he drives down a highway.
someone shifts his confused gaze and heads to his humvee.
the destroyer's visor slides open, but someone flies and smashes against its head, deflecting it's blast.
on his hand, one finger uncurls around the barrel of the binoculars.
the pups split off again as the extending network of tunnels grows more complex.
someone follows their eyes to the 23 seconds remaining on his clock.
someone raises her brow.
the next morning, someone watches someone as she briefly stirs in her sleep.
reaching her brother, she flings her arms around him in a welcoming embrace.
they sleep peacefully.
carrying their bags, the rapper in drag waves to a girl, then sits on a bench.
opens the front door and stares through red-rimmed eyes.
they pass the bar where troy drinks beer with his friends.
she flips the postcard.
the tiger chomps down on the fish and drags it back into the shelter.
facing him, someone stares slack-jawed.
lingering near the doorway, she faces someone with a vulnerable gaze.
now, someone joins someone in his phantom.
the tabby jumps off the couch and ambles away.
the siblings hug their knees to their chests.
someone smiles genteelly.
moat separating someone's enclosure from the guard railing.
someone rolls off the side of the bridge and hangs from the edge by his fingertips.
someone and someone sit up.
as he raises the necklace, she sweeps her hair out of the way, allowing him to fasten it around her neck.
she looks away remorsefully.
someone drags someone back and someone's
as he throws open the doors, flames twist up a staircase and engulf him.
someone hangs his head and repacks his briefcase.
a bartender sets down two shots and two mugs of beer.
someone gives a sarcastic thumbs up.
someone zooms toward the front steps of the arena, where pepper stands near a wrecked drone.
a movie plays.
agent someone turns to face them.
it angrily withdraws its head from the hole.
the leader eyes the fallen iraqi bleeding out on the floor.
someone swims to the trucks.
as the engineer's ship careens a brilliant burst flashes,
someone greets a few friends then turns and notices him.
rattling her fist.
a crowd of zombies circles the tower base, six bodies deep.
she waves to the camera
now in a humble chicago neighborhood, someone rides a red motorcycle with chrome trim.
he accelerates through the off-ramp's concrete wall, plummeting 15 feet on to a taxi, which launches upward into the overpass.
someone's bat catches the zombie's face.
dancing in unison, their hair now short.
with its headlights still on someone's car stands undamaged a few feet away.
he runs to another and throws him down.
someone shoots the trooper.
a peppermint embossed with a dog bone floats through midair and flies into someone's mouth.
someone peeks into someone's room and finds him doing push-ups, with his feet
someone shakes his head and shrugs.
lifts the portly zookeeper up with one arm.
someone sighs as he sits at the bar, watching his mother turn down one man after another, until they stop approaching her altogether.
the thug holds him at gunpoint.
they head into a narrow hallway where doors with padlocked bolts line the walls every five feet.
a paper ball flying from another direction goes in.
he falls.
she looks up.
later in a run-down room at the old redbrick hotel rosslyn, she opens her suitcase.
she edges past someone, and places the water bottle on a table beside him, then backs away.
someone swallows hard.
he gently turns her face to his own and kisses her on the lips.
someone presses the elevator button.
he holds the phone to one ear.
later, someone enters a luxury condo and finds someone doing yoga.
he plops onto a couch.
pterodactyl swoops down and grabs it, taking the amplifier with it.
he leans forward, staring up at her earnestly.
as someone opens her eyes, the boy claps his hands earnestly.
someone gives someone a supportive nod and pat on the back.
handing someone a set of keys, someone walks toward the aircraft as the elevator closes.
under the thick jawed man's stern gaze, the narrator nods.
she picks up her purse, and smooths down her skirt.
they hug again and kiss each other on the cheek.
as he drops an essay in the mailbox, someone's wife emerges from the garage.
she eyes his weathered credit card.
someone climbs out and jogs around to help her.
she spots someone eavesdropping.
she falls off.
he turns off a lamp and goes to bed.
someone hunches down and hides his face in the crook of the man's frail arm.
someone storms back out, grabs someone and drags him into the office.
his ipod plays beside him.
he reads it then meets her gaze.
someone closes his hand around someone's hand then squeezes.
the trooper's armored suit explodes as he falls dead.
the cop defends himself with a throw pillow.
slowly turning, someone connects with his glaring eyes.
as she marches off, a massive fire consumes the entire support structure of a bridge.
later, they head through the lobby.
as someone gives a satisfied look, someone vomits.
someone flexes his fingers against the handle.
they do shots.
someone collects his winnings.
someone draws a deep knowing breath and gazes off.
someone enters the lobby.
the caddy leads him down a hill and across a grassy driving range.
circling back to his car door, the narrator drops his keys.
he points to the report.
standing in their underwear, they kiss again.
he blinks his languishing eyes and his lips tighten into a frown.
on the sidewalk out front, he glances around, then breaks into a run.
he rubs his chest.
someone inches over and retrieves the cellphone.
he faces forward then looks back at the sun as his mother approaches.
someone's looking at us as he replies.
the boys rush into the house and run upstairs.
hopping out, he approaches a chubby service attendant with some cash in hand.
as the narrators opens his shotgun's chamber, the infected man grabs at him through the hole in the windshield.
as his companions step away, someone sets a helmet by someone's grave.
someone averts his gaze from the screen, and notices a man in the room.
master someone holds someone's face, peering closely at his nose.
someone dashes downstairs and out the door.
dolce wags his tail as someone returns to the hotel room eating ice cream straight from the container.
he wraps his legs around her.
he puts the pen in her hand and she pushes him away.
we go up to the mothership.
he falls with the shy teen then kisses him.
she glances back at him, then leans heavily on a counter.
at the obstacle course, someone hurdles a fence.
leaving the room, someone spreads his wings.
at dusk, the platoon crosses the airfield and climbs the boarding steps of a cargo plane.
he pauses, then spins it off and whips it around his body again.
he lingers for a moment then continues on.
the jeep pulls up to a small two-story brick building.
as someone attacks, someone defends himself with the hair trimmer.
he glances from the sword in his hand, the healed cut on his palm.
a swat officer fixes explosives to the door.
on the bus, someone sullenly stares ahead.
she stops and takes a second long look at a red neon sign which reads, the best view on the sunset strip.
outside vanger industries someone walks briskly with her phone to her ear.
the reader, a man with a grey buzz cut, scowls.
he relaxes his aim and radios the humvee convoy.
he finds someone standing in his open doorway.
she slowly proceeds through the room, stopping beside the dark-haired boss.
the interviewers all turn to see someone breaking eggs.
as someone leaves, someone, and someone enter.
our focus shifts to his niece as she leans forward as well.
now, we peer up at a gold-trimmed high rise.
someone turns to face her, his gaze receptive.
she offers him a wad of cash.
she faces someone with a wide-eyed glare.
behind the wheel, someone gives a disarming smile.
she beams softly to herself.
someone sheds a single tear.
someone slowly turns and looks at her.
someone exposes his extremely hairy chest.
someone sweeps both arms out around himself as he fires.
now she takes a restricted copy of the state test answer key from a file cabinet.
he draws his weapon as the dumpster slides across the parking lot.
smiling, autumn's blond friend shakes her head.
toting a tire iron the boys run across the parking lot and climb over a tall chain-link fence.
the next page is blank as well as the pages after it.
someone starts toward the couch.
someone opens a box containing palladium ingots.
he takes a big bite.
she watches as someone's sports car drives away passing a three-rail horse fence that lines the road.
someone settles down on the couch.
she accepts it and someone leads her to the shattered window.
he darts out of view.
the plane shakes, and items fall from the overhead bins.
as buck takes a bath, someone playfully scoops mounds of suds onto the boy's head.
now in bed, someone stares up at the ceiling.
the bulldog grins, blood trickling from his mouth as he crosses the ring.
now as she shuts the door, stepping into the corridor, someone approaches.
agent someone opens it, revealing someone's chest.
he calmly bows his head and collects his breath.
someone lifts his gaze.
a red soldier charges up and someone ducks his sword.
the agents abruptly gaze out the door.
he puts the ring on her finger and stands up.
now, in the daytime, a procession of women with their faces hidden behind red scarves exit someone's home through a doorway adorned on each side with a red banner.
reaching inside, he finds a receipt for a safe deposit box bearing someone's name.
as more pirates approach, he slices a line and untangles the two ships.
someone looks around then waves back.
someone checks his phone's caller id.
the bicyclist steps out, carrying a wok and a toothbrush, then turns back to face the blonde.
she grasps his wrists.
a group of armed lawmen follow behind, charging up a hill.
they sprint across the deserted room.
they both settle into their twin beds and someone turns out the light.
someone scans the pages revealing severe black and white renderings of faces, eyes and mouths.
a bank's black and white security footage shows them smashing through a wall in its lobby.
the survey team reaches a rounded tunnel of dark gleaming stone.
she picks up a dolphin paperweight.
the cast and crew are gathered around someone who's sitting at the piano.
as he paws back toward the stern, he glares at the teen.
someone pauses and turns to greet an acquaintance.
she faces a stairway.
the old woman licks her fingers.
someone faces the bathroom.
the carriage skids in blood knocking someone off of someone.
she lowers her mirthless gaze.
someone opens the steel door.
the park ranger watches from a hill.
up on the tower, a zombie draws dangerously close to someone and little someone.
she holds a few of tess' dolls.
he clicks a remote.
a man chases him.
now, the plane touches down.
the trainer pushes on someone's left leg then presses down on her spread knees.
as a circular saw cuts a pole, otters watch from a rock.
coin-sized flecks of ash reign down on their wet clinging t-shirts.
he shoves him into an suv.
someone enters an adjoining room and shuts the door behind her.
it secures itself to his head.
crouching down, someone eyes the broken chloroform bottle.
now inside, someone repairs the window.
meanwhile, someone finds the backdoor from the kitchen slightly ajar.
as someone scrambles out, someone gawks.
they drive into a tunnel.
on the back of each blue sateen jacket, the words neighborhood watch surround a flaming winged tiger's face.
someone mcenroe holds up a club.
as it pulls up next to a utilitarian pickup with a covered bed,
the writer drops his head on the typewriter.
a dark haired man in a suit enters.
she leaps into someone's arms and he falls back.
he goes outside and jogs down off the porch.
black clad guards surround the building.
someone pulls out and speeds through the garage.
tilting back her head, someone drains her glass.
his brow lifts in shock as he reads.
as someone glances back, someone hides the book and waves innocently at her.
as they move apart, we see someone watching.
as someone turns to leave, someone arrives in his maroon sedan accompanied by his dark haired friend.
someone plants his feet and folds his arms.
accepting, he eyes its tidy paper wrapping and smiles up at her.
finding the prisoner asleep, he shuffles to the cell block door and pushes a button.
with his shaggy hair slicked back, the suited driver points toward the rear tail light.
the deck lights glow as the ocean's depths claim the vessel.
holding his pack someone climbs out of the bus.
the others gape at her.
the light from the window highlights his mustache and drawn weathered face.
the transport makes it into the hanger.
someone watches the carnivore drag his kill.
she closes her lips.
as he guides his daughter to sit back down at the table, his wife returns with two more guns.
the fighters move to the center and shuffle around each other.
black suited someone cogburn sits in a wooden chair.
outside, the dome's exterior rotates more and more quickly.
they exit into the lobby.
someone unties his canvas canopy and takes down the wooden post.
he spots a laptop on a desk and opens it.
they share a gaze, then someone offers his hand, which someone accepts.
he pauses and waves his hand over it.
someone launches his captive into the air and the team fires.
who now wears a mustache and smokes a pipe.
he shows his clock.
he limps around someone.
seated next to her, someone stares and slides away.
the teen pants hard and swigs from his water bottle, then angrily throws down its cap.
her eyes focused on her old colleague as he types.
someone steps out of the ambulance and shuts the driver's door.
the engineer turns someone around and palms her chest, knocking her off the platform.
someone lights her gift on fire.
someone's dome shaped hive sit on
someone pours champagne.
he heads over and pets the cat.
someone aims his spear at someone and blasts him through a wall.
meanwhile,  crewmen fire flamethrowers and guns at the mutant.
the inspector stares at the flower seller.
she snogs him.
she dawns a sleep mask.
he picks up a rock and throws it at her.
he turns off a lamp and leaves her sleeping peacefully.
someone lets go of the glowing rods and his doubled form gradually reverts to normal.
hunched over his hands wrung through his hair he bounces one knee rapidly.
the ball hits an angled block,
she softens and leans forward.
someone repeatedly jabs the boxing glove at someone, who easily deflects it.
as her parents take seats near the front of the house, she steps center stage, bows first to the judges, then to the orchestra.
unnoticing, someones eyes remain on the instrument in his hands.
someone takes the tickets.
someone smugly tilts his head.
now they walk the incline back to the van.
someone sits in the waiting room.
now, someone steps off an elevator - phone in hand - and strides past a reception desk.
someone stands and walks out.
now, the mastermind slips out into the basement hall.
someone tilts his head.
wearing a white tee tucked into his khaki shorts, he keeps his back to someone, someone, and someone, who watch him halt on the grass.
now in the gym, someone rides an exercise bike beside two body builders.
someone fires a blast of energy as someone tackles him.
as he straightens, his melting helmet collapses on his face.
then opens it.
his friend sits beside someone.
she glances at them, dangling over the mattress.
as his friends edge away, someone slides his arm through its straps and grasps its handle.
someone repeats the process, and someone winces as the man presses against him.
she massages her big toe and winces.
she reaches the top ledge.
someone smiles as he stands.
she starts the microwave then leaves.
someone's mother gravely leads them into the living room, and sits on her red sofa by the arm chair.
as they drive away she shoots at them with someone's gun.
she climbs off.
the jubilant women embrace.
someone dons her reading glasses.
someone, someone, the man in black, someone, and someone get out.
back in the present, someone escorts her into a radio room.
someone gently nudges his shoulder with her head.
someone, paddles steadily, his gaze calm.
scanning the crowd, someone spots someone.
the woman offers a sincere concerned frown.
someone regards her squarely.
who sleeps in a recliner beside him on the roof.
a news helicopter descends rapidly, spinning out of control.
as the creature leans close to someone, someone smashes the gnome on its head.
he flops onto his back fully dressed and in his shoes and scooches around getting comfy.
in the alley, officers run past the prison bus.
someone pours water into a shallow pan.
he grabs a pocket knife on a desk.
someone walks in.
someone turns to his companion.
someone spots a restaurant ahead and his face falls.
leaving the magazine behind, she follows the receptionist through a door.
rides shotgun.
someone jumps out of the jet, opens the winged arms of his suit, then soars off his sound waves high into the air.
someone plays a banjo.
someone checks his clock which now displays a minute and fifteen seconds less.
maintaining a close pursuit, someone blinks his large eyes and sets his jaw tight.
she grabs her jacket.
she sets them down.
it grows moldy and disintegrates at his gloved touch.
smiling bitterly he picks up his sneakers.
to her left, a wide archway opens into the kitchen.
someone averts his considerate gaze, shakes his head and shifts on his feet.
someone points lazily.
grabbing a cigarette
someone chases a penguin out of the room.
as someone looks over her shoulder, the bedroom lights go out.
someone walk their horses through a village farm.
the doctor raises his.
someone turns and notices someone.
staring after him she shakes her head then storms off in the opposite direction.
she pulls her dress up over her head, revealing her bra.
a young man glares at the heckling teens.
she stumbles and her face falters.
now a sleek black car pulls around the strip club where the brunette dancer waits by a backdoor.
the masseur puts him in a chokehold.
he sips a beer and the friends share a smile.
young someone puts on a prep school blazer.
he sits up and looks at his watch on a nightstand.
at a little corner park, three guys meet up toting bottles and brown bags.
he unbuttons the shirt.
the door handle comes off.
as they sneak, someone taps someone's shoulder and he wheels around with his gun.
someone gazes after the young woman as she hefts up a few supply bags slung around her shoulders.
he works a joystick.
he steps near to kiss her but she looks away.
someone drops to the floor as someone shoots.
now a hangar stands across an airfield.
later, the reassembled automaton sits at the small table with a sheet of blank paper and a pen in its right hand.
someone approaches the registration desk.
later he follows someone into a restaurant.
at an intersection the van driver brakes suddenly.
he stands alone in his dark coat before a backdrop of buildings and a stonewall.
someone and someone follow him inside.
later, someone drives along smiling.
he quickly moves his hand to his hoodie and fidgets with it.
someone blinks wearing a concerned frown.
now they talk with someone and someone in someone's living room.
someone shoots a snarky glance toward someone who wears a slack-jawed frown.
a radar display reads, ziel, new york city.
the mouse falls and breaks.
the sisters throw their hands overhead.
someone chucks a cellphone into the cave.
he finds himself cuffed to the bed.
someone grabs the phone and hits redial.
later, he descends the spiral stairway into the basement, which is now stocked with boxes and printing supplies.
carrying a cherry red board, someone joins the men and greets the shorthaired one with a casual handclasp.
gasping then submerges himself and swims onward.
crossing the room, he flips open the lid and dumps out its contents.
the black suv rounds a corner.
he strikes it angrily.
he turns back.
and to do this in his own home.
she wraps her arms around his neck and they make out.
he points up and they climb to the top.
she gives a sultry look.
someone's back arches and he grimaces painfully.
someone crawls onto the nose of the plane directly behind the spinning propeller.
he lays eyes on someone.
someone saunters over, trailed closely by her guard.
takes another drag and reels.
she faces someone.
someone totters naked to the bathroom with one hand cupped over his crotch.
someone doesn't acknowledge her.
then slaps a click into the butt of a handgun.
in a study, a balding man wearing a single white glove examines a coin under a magnifying glass.
the teen edges back against the cabin.
at dusk, someone hikes along a dirt road.
blond glares after him, then spies someone's notebook on the floor.
colored lights flash on stage.
she lowers the cocktail.
as he touches his temple, someone and someone raise their binoculars again.
someone opens his black bloodshot eyes.
in the present, as someone sits asleep with her head propped against a wall, a female hand reaches out and gently brushes her long bangs from her face then taps her shoulder.
someone wakes, noticing his hand, and yanks it out of the bowl.
someone whips him with the cord.
near the dancefloor someone and bernadette make out.
and then wrenches the throttle.
someone holds up his arms then bows and steps backward toward a movie screen.
he locks his eyes with someone' desperate gaze, then moves forward to the couch where she sits.
he releases the boy and shuffles off.
master someone's expression hardens.
sister looks away.
later, someone lies prone on the beach, his arms out stretched from his sides.
someone fights for her life and briefly comes up for air before someone submerges her head again.
the young man closes his eyes momentarily.
the ball rolls over to someone.
he gets out two condoms and looks at their different wrappings,
someone steps up on the latticework and joins his pupil at the basin.
shivering, someone notices the old man.
two lounging valets wave goodbye.
he looks at someone who hands him a newspaper hat.
someone exits the van in his mask.
inside the darkened theatre, someone and someone sit together.
the tiger springs out from the shelter beneath him.
someone throws his father several feet.
someone watches from a security hub in the sacristy.
clicking the remote, she mutes the video.
robe wearing only a t-shirt and boxers underneath.
now, the luxury vehicle drives down a street in a clean, well-maintained city with elegant towering skyscrapers.
he eyes the card then clenches it between his curling fingers.
he spots her necklace.
someone sticks his finger in the ball and it shoots a beam of energy at a cow.
the flames jetting from someone's mouth engulf someone's face.
now in his room, someone uses a blue marker to fill the remaining empty space in the miles bar on his poster of training goals.
a mustached man in a military uniform stands behind it.
she leans closer to someone.
in between the photos, hangs a copy of the serenity prayer.
he gives a showy wink.
an aerial view shows the herd crossing a riverside field.
he looms over the banker.
now, from overhead, we follow a giant wave as it rolls along the water toward the bluffs.
she takes aim at her fanged assailant.
underwater, his feet graze the sand as he pulls the boat to shore.
they make the switch.
someone's mouth opens.
he approaches a lanky man in a row behind her.
they leap from a ledge in front of the painting and claw the wood floor.
the young blond quickly glances around.
they retreat behind the wall, then lean their bodies to look out the window again.
someone winces, his eyes shut.
someone knits her brow.
the mother leads them into a sprawling cluttered living room where a chubby pre-teen girl watches tv.
someone jerks her head and drives off.
shining it over the side, he finds someone clinging to the whole rope.
his brother spreads his arms.
he glances after the bullies, then ventures from his hiding spot.
the detective dials and someone picks up a headset.
someone excitedly punches the air then shakes the movie star's hand.
someone rides into view on a scooter, lurches to a halt and dismounts awkwardly.
he faces his assistant.
she stops at an article featuring gottfried.
someone climbs back into his seat and locks eyes with someone through the webcam.
she fidgets and stares into space.
his fingers wrap around the back of her head
doctors and nurses bustle past.
someone asks someone if that was okay and his teacher nods.
someone and someone dangle their legs from the second o.
now a bus pulls up in an alley.
scurrying to a row of luxury cars, they climb into a mercedes.
someone's smile fades as someone steps away.
the path leads him to bluff overlooking the region.
someone springs someone's chair into the upright position and circles her with his hand on her head.
as the american tilts his head, someone drops his fists and matches him.
someone notices a shopping bag protruding from the cabinet.
outside, upstairs windows show a crowded cocktail party within.
he heads upstairs, leaving the wounded major on the floor.
a large blonde woman shows a stuffed and mounted owl.
someone throws the second soldier over the railing, then heads after them.
someone pulls someone to his side.
meanwhile, someone punches several guards.
leaving someone in the car the boys jump out and run through a yard and down a path.
they sit on white couches.
female models lean against a red car as a dark-haired mustached man in a tuxedo struts onto the stage.
the supervising agent gapes.
later at the reception, someone watches someone talk on his cell phone.
someone stands outside the nbc building and examines the note in her hands.
in his bedroom someone plops the thick stack of assignments down on his desk.
later she slams quizzes down.
someone shoots him a glance.
he beckons her in.
in a doorway and peers up at the passing surveillance chopper.
gazing wistfully at it, someone remembers swearing in as a cia agent.
a waitress strolls up to his table.
someone laughs as he wields his sword.
it goes unnoticed by someone.
someone tilts her head curiously.
gawking at the towering vessel, someone rises to her feet.
more drones with wing-like panels atop their shoulders rise from the back of the stage left.
someone sticks up his middle finger.
he mimes smoking.
amidst the crowd, someone's former boss bobs his head, watching her with a smile as she dances wildly.
someone highlights another line.
encampments set in view of a ship at the water's edge.
facing someone, the inspector lifts his brow, smirks, and marks the report.
the child lies unresponsive.
he heads toward a beaded curtain and parts it.
a body lies on a small wagon covered in sacking.
someone looks on helplessly as the ship descends into the deep.
someone clenches her jaw and fires.
the ref drops the puck.
the med pot starts to tilt upright and someone slams a button beside her.
he storms to his car.
as someone leaves the bar, someone grabs her hand.
the three young women soar back toward the ground.
she swats her hand in front of him, as he hammers it in place.
someone enters carrying a plate of pizza and a bottle of water.
as the dancers get ready backstage, someone descends the staircase with a drink in her hand.
now someone's associate leads someone into a small waiting area within a network of offices.
someone wears pantaloons.
now she dives under the sheets.
the spotted hyena keeps its four paws on the canvas, staring at someone.
he finds someone and the kids waiting in the parking lot.
someone seethes and pulls up a chair.
someone slurps up a wad of noodles.
a smile spreads across someone's lips.
someone shoves someone out.
someone crawls over jagged rocks beneath someone's lifeless, dangling arms.
someone puts it to his mouth.
he shows his tattooed chest.
now in a dimly lit foyer someone turns.
the kidnapper's mouth falls open.
the black sedans continue in an evenly spaced line.
someone sits across from the automaton and stares at its solid black eyes.
then helps her to her feet along with a guard.
someone' gray-haired father, someone, kisses her.
the pickup's tail gate trapping them.
someone contritely lowers his gaze.
the water reflects their images.
standing by a presentation easel, someone checks his wrist watch.
someone sits beside him.
later, the goateed waiter pass their table.
as someone inspects the framed family photo, the beefy thug points his gun at the girl's head.
someone slings iron man onto the hood of the limousine, then pulls him down onto his knees with one whip.
the next morning, our view descends to the bed, where someone and someone sleep facing each other, her hand gently resting on his cheek.
someone's smiling mouth hangs open as he follows their movement.
she gives someone a kiss.
he kisses her shoulder.
the casually dressed young woman rides a bicycle.
inside, frantic bridesmaids run amok, while someone's mother struggles to zip up the bridal gown.
a younger someone gazes solemnly.
she directs his gaze to the back of a chair.
she takes the notebook with her into the house.
someone looks at his phone a message from someone reads, "youre placed in 30."
the bully smacks him in the face several times.
he meets his father's gaze and nods.
someone looks at his mother's sleeping face.
he hurls someone off the roof.
as two cops approach, someone and someone are suddenly dressed as policemen.
someone watches his father speed off in a police car with its lights flashing.
now in queens, someone writes in her blog, as someone pulls on his jacket.
someone hesitates, his stick raised and the puck at his feet.
someone uses a large soft brush to apply rouge to someone's cheeks.
grinning, someone takes the men's empty mugs to the bar.
sweating, he looks around himself.
meanwhile on a russian battleship, the captain lowers a pair of binoculars, then crosses to a radioman, who shakes his head.
now, father and son separate, and someone sees someone step forward with a fond smile.
she ends a call, and continues packing her things in the bedroom.
someone climbs on to the deck with the zebra who lies curled up on its side on one end.
she glances about, then shuts the card and joins the dog on her bed.
she circles the breasts on a photo of someone perry.
someone looks round abruptly.
someone winds up to punch someone, who recoils cravenly.
the metal type bars gleams softly in the lamplight.
they gag themselves.
as someone touches and flicks images on the holograph, they disappear.
he stops at a pinball machine played by a thin young man with long, corn silk hair.
someone eyes the truck in his rear view mirror as he drives over a cobblestone courtyard.
using a phone, someone faces the time map.
standing in a row, someone and the penguins dance in sync.
walking deeper into the room, someone eyes a display podium holding pairs of tiny lotus shoes.
someone holds his kids tighter as he gazes at the tiny bird.
someone takes her cup and sets it down then takes her hands in his.
she slaps someone.
we have to look inside ourselves to find what stays the same.
the admiral and his men peer down from the bridge.
her daughter regards her gravely, then picks up the telephone handset on her side of the glass.
their warped figures reflected on its seamless, chrome like surface.
agents hurry the president down a hall.
one vampire seizes someone's ax.
she stands up to greet her new friend.
he looks at the framed photo of her.
as he shuts the door and carries their things, someone wrings her hands and ventures warily into the living room.
someone drips liquid into a round dish-like device, then turns a knob attached to a long thin tube.
the bespectacled man produces and envelope and hands it to her.
she share a look, then someone watches the kids head inside.
the curtain freezes above someone's head.
the blurry image sharpens.
he strides over to a fish tank.
sir someone grabs a sword.
standing beside someone, someone's gaze sinks to the ground.
in charleston, moonlight shines across someone's face as she lies awake in bed.
someone smiles as the bookseller hands him the thick volume then walks off.
as he stands to walk away, one of his feet slips into the hole and he falls flat.
he invitingly brushes the tip of her nose with his.
she brings her full parted lips in toward his.
arriving with his skateboard, someone finds blond lounging in the pool with the kid in a hunter's cap,
both go in.
as two men rush to help the driver, she hides and unlocks the handcuffs.
someone's reflection appears on an adjoining window, as he bends to lock his bike to a parking meter.
someone lands hard, rolling in shattered glass on the floor.
is a cutout picture of a human heart.
a photo displays the bloody swimming pool and a caption reads, "sharks eat shark."
she juts out her chin.
brushing her hair back, he finds a sizable diamond stud on her earlobe.
back in the cave, the oil candle's flame slowly extinguishes, leaving the area in darkness.
on a crowded passenger car, someone gazes out a window at the exotic landscape.
he slows down and stops to look at it.
the massive pendulum sweeps back and forth as someone climbs higher.
the jeep arrives at a hotel, driving past a fountain near the entrance.
he gazes from the bottle to the scroll, then slams the bottle onto a nearby table.
man unlaces someone's gloves.
someone's chin twitches as she firmly returns the gesture.
someone's dressed as sherlock holmes.
someone puts someone in a chokehold.
as the older inmate punches punches another guard in the gut.
one rail begins to vibrate.
he glances at the vacated stall.
leaning away from the weapon only inches from his brow.
she wakes looks right him
as he stirs, his head flops down to his teacher's lap.
hunter's jaw hangs slack.
by the bed, the chief adjusts his battle vest and shoulders his backpack.
someone gives someone a document.
someone gives a confident nod.
someone beckons his apprentice.
someone watches her intently.
in a pub, young men and women cheer on someone as he drains a yard glass of beer.
outside they pour chemicals into a plastic bottle set on an overturned chair and desk set.
someone removes his backpack and digs inside.
now, at a large home with a brick facade, someone opens a door.
someone checks her cell phone then puts it down.
outside woodchuck someone carries the head of his costume as he falls into step with someone.
jagged pink scars mar his flesh.
he points at the car.
someone someone backs away and lies down at the stern.
the mesmerized blonde watches as varying dancers respond to their names.
someone urges someone to intervene.
beaming, he returns the gesture.
someone holds out his hand.
now in the hospital, someone strides up to his father's room.
as someone pretends to resume his homework, a pleased someone steps out.
agent someone stands calmly in an elevator that jostles with the force of the explosion.
someone ducks and the tiger nearly falls off the boat.
someone runs into the water up to her ankles and bids a hasty retreat.
now someone and someone stand in their bathroom facing opposite directions.
someone looks back and smiles.
someone holds out his fist.
struggling, someone regains control of the wheel.
now an animated sequence.
with their feet sticking out from under the blanket he rolls to her other side.
someone gently takes the gun from her.
the boys pile into the car and someone backs out and speeds off.
she glares at seated mr.
one of whom is the blithering simpleton.
the jeep drives past a tall decrepit warehouse and a water tower covered in graffiti.
someone tosses the teeth into the toilet.
he sways nervously and takes a deep breath as a keyboardist struggles to cue him in.
as we watch her from the other side we find blood smearing the door.
now a bright early morning sun halos the cockpit of a sleek private jet.
her bright red lips smile coyly.
the teen's hand rests on a leather-bound book resembling a journal.
they pass an infant through a window.
the plane hits the ground.
he waves cordially at her friend.
later, they pass theaters in hollywood.
now they have their missiles placed in turkey.
he slaps them on the back and a pistol falls on the floor.
he grins.
she transforms back.
the guard turns to someone.
she races off.
the onlookers watch him whisper "i love you".
she grimly steps away.
the recruits turn to the other window and find someone slaying soldiers and agents.
he walks down the middle of the road.
as the authorities move in, someone's eyes snap open.
the band members exchange nods, then join someone on stage.
later someone sits in the psychiatrist's office.
two of someone's men sit in the back seat with rifles ready.
heading uphill, the jeep jostles its passengers.
someone regards her tenderly, then types in a new command.
as someone takes off across the pool, someone rips off his wet shirt and tosses it aside.
the pastor's eyes twitch angrily.
cutting back and forth, this way, this row.
later he enters a coffee shop.
as time passes, someone's sleeping form fades in and out of multiple contortions in his seat.
someone mouths wow.
someone paces along the seats, peering into the water.
meanwhile, someone and noodles round the corner of a deteriorating cement wall.
someone goes back to work.
someone watches the boy being lead to a policeman's paddy wagon.
nearby the name mccall adorns a large headstone.
he uses blank pages in the survival book.
she cracks a smile.
cocooning him inside a metal pod.
on another day, patrons walk around the zoo.
she takes a seat on a cushion wicker bench, opens the envelope, and reads.
he grabs his ax.
someone jumps over the downed fourth guard and kicks the fifth guard in the head.
the sedan follows the winding residential road downhill.
someone turns to the black-haired exotic dancer.
another soldier uses a mirror on the top of a closed thick metal door.
as she lowers herself, she hesitantly lets go of the hatch.
a hand checks off june 28th.
as someone pumps his arms, the students rally around.
with his arms still around her, he helps her to her feet.
wearing her black wig now, someone approaches two young boys.
we are here today in front of gupo to write your laotong contract and make your vows of eternal commitment.
as the little girl turns and hobbles in the other direction,
turning, someone finds her now spiky-haired ex behind the bar flourishing his hands at a brunette beauty.
someone drops onto the roof and throws in a canister.
someone touches his temple and closes his eyes.
as someone swings down to a corner ledge, a brawny gunman climbs out a window after her.
men wearing head scarves fill buckets and pails with water from a hand pump.
the giant's leader opens his box freezing two warriors solid,
she takes out a someone purple thong and matching bra, and gently lays them on a chair with her clothes.
and she offers a demure smile.
he nudges her.
the american reels on the floor holding his head.
someone stares with a softened remorseful gaze.
they grip each other's hands.
inside an open sided pavilion chanting people wearing white clothing sit on the ground with their legs crossed and eyes closed.
someone quickly gathers his jacket and hat.
his clock shows 45 seconds.
the shirtless boy tapes a drumstick to his belly.
the wind carries him away.
someone averts his gaze, giving a dumbfounded shake of his head.
sliding the phone into her pocket, someone peels back a velcro flap.
he points at someone as he goes.
as he hangs from the hoop, his legs knock against someone who stands under the basket.
someone sits back and muffles his mouth with his human arm.
toward his shaving mirror, studying his scarred reflection.
the promoter turns away, leaving someone under the stark overhead light.
peering at the phone, someone holds her hand to her head.
someone scowls at the money.
as he shoots, ron artest smacks the ball away.
someone steps out from behind a pitch black wall and shines his helmet light across a rocky passage.
the unused cuff and locks it around a pot rack bar over
someone watches him with wide eyes then reaches for his pants.
someone glances at her ex-husband who cocks his head and offers a tender smile.
someone and someone walk down a dark corridor.
he finds a plastic wrapped twinkie and examines it then gives it a squeeze.
he takes out the pan.
he notices a sticker on her car.
other passengers stare.
he cups her face and kisses her.
he reaches the top and peeks over at the boy, whose chest rises rhythmically.
tickling someone, someone finds the old sweatshirt under the covers.
his wide eyes magnified by his glasses.
their legs flail awkwardly under the covers as he rolls on top of her.
the zoo owner takes a seat on the floor, leaning back against the wall.
meanwhile, someone shifts his panicked eyes, then opens the compartment's panel.
someone beams warmly at him.
grabbing her helmet, someone rushes back to the airlock compartment.
she gives someone a cordial nod.
someone shoves a peg into the freshly drilled hole in the utility pole.
she jumps up and opens the door to her mobile home.
facing someone, someone presses the guard's head down and reaches over his back.
the officer opens the blood-spattered door.
someone throws off to the side, but the ball curves around and hits someone in the head.
someone offers a merry shrug.
someone takes a sandwich from a compartment and collects a paper cup of coffee.
more hostages sit in the next office.
someone's friend rises.
the giant squid-like creature wriggles around completely covering its prey.
the nazi officer shoots the bearded man, then touches the side of his own face as he works his jaw.
now, he enters a military building, and turns down a hallway.
someone watches him go, then turns her attention back to someone as she dances with him joyfully.
someone picks up a barbell, shakes off the weights and hits someone with the metal bar.
someone smiles as he peruses images from norse mythology.
in a smithy, a powerfully build vampire blocks someone's attack and bends him back over the forge.
as he swings the doors closed, someone lowers his hand.
she runs her finger over the glowing numbers.
the trio performing a provocative dance.
her husband sits with their son.
he grabs a coat and heads to the door.
he stands back examining the clean wall and the piles of paper on the floor.
he takes the call.
someone slams him down on the bar.
they nod.
he returns to someone and hesitantly picks up the dragon.
the guard closes the door, locks it, and leaves.
someone leans back in his chair.
meanwhile, the robot stops across the dry ground.
someone watches out of the corner of her eye as the older man whispers in the younger woman's ear.
a pair of hands reach for her cross,
she notices someone watching her from across the court and furrows her brow in a quizzical expression.
someone cups her hands around the back of someone's neck and pulls him closer.
he spanks himself.
her friend musters a tight smile.
he tries to shake the salty water off his face.
the traveler gazes after the outlaws.
ghost rider whips him in half.
within the chamber, we drift up to find two more giant pods resting opposite their counterparts atop a hundred foot disc marked with a spiderweb-like pattern.
someone leads him off.
the tall man holds up a chip.
master someone stops someone on his way to the mat.
someone walks out.
the woman follows the dark-haired man outside.
he tosses in a final bag as he ex-partner meets him by the car.
wrangle a mule, while two soldiers hold them in.
continuing to the next drawing, he finds a portrait of spar's face.
then shoulders her bag and heads out.
now, someone's mother-in-law sits at the head of the table of a group of women doing embroidery work.
dragging him closer with surprising ease.
the paint on his face glows in the dark.
someone climbs into the limo.
someone turns and spots him.
a hundred yards ahead, the armored truck speeds down the street.
someone knocks someone down, and the pig steps on his back.
now bloody face then lying on glass shards, someone feebly throws a fork at someone.
pouting slightly, someone resolutely juts out her chin.
someone points in the air, then claps her hands together.
among them, someone embraces someone and someone.
she smiles faintly.
someone hesitantly steps down the hall and inspects the underground structure.
she falls on her rear, scurries back toward some jagged rocks, then watches one end of the ship come down with no chance of escape.
the narrator lets go of his shotgun's stock and extends a shaky thumb like a hitchhiker.
someone stands and faces him with a nonchalant wave.
he hands someone a folded someone.
she reaches down to touch her but her hand hovers inches away.
audience members stand.
he opens it and pulls out a sleek shiny helmet the color of pewter
someone gently pushes her friend's head away.
later, he sits outside and reads the letter.
someone's gaze hardens and she swallows.
behind them, an l train glides across a bridge, its interior lights glowing in the darkness.
the girl stands and smiles at the man.
now a tv in a diner shows a news report as the young heroes eat.
on the ship, sailors gather on the decks.
she halts.
ghost rider grabs the mustached thug's face.
someone and someone also watch as the god of the underworld stoops down and shifts the arm strap aside on the shield.
someone marches over and grabs the card.
as a balding man signals to someone, the boxer looks back at his surprise visitor.
she smiles at him.
later in a dine-in spot called someone mnemonic,
someone picks up a rocket launcher, hitting the guard as he stands.
grabbing the handle of the boat hook, someone stands tall atop the canvas.
he trots to the mobile stairway leading to the passenger walkway, and slips on the first step.
she give him his lunch.
a tall athletically built man in white and khaki walks over the knoll, his jacket slung over his shoulder.
he opens the cabinet, revealing a woman's razor on the shelf.
later, someone and the boys eat in a diner.
he squints around the shed.
now in his office, the captain slowly chews a sandwich in his hands.
now, someone wheels a bike down a busy street.
someone examines herself in the mirror and smiles.
now, someone races down a darkened beach to the waves.
who descends the ladder.
sinking down to a chair, he sits close to someone and sings to her.
someone lifts the flap.
the sisters embrace.
she flings his hand away.
sparks fly as he drops onto a parked car and rolls to the street.
opening the door, she finds it empty.
shirtless, someone enters the room.
he rubs their hands on the back of his head, and on his shoulders.
someone sits up a bit.
warheads soar around a globe, launching from the united states and landing in russia.
the roadster passes through the open gate.
she cringes as she finishes the entire glass.
someone escorts the men into dr.
someone drives through dark streets and pulls into a car park.
just as alicia reaches the doorway, two bullets tear through her.
they get in one of two black chevy suburbans waiting at a curb.
she sticks the third in the pot, flips a stray antenna off the brim, and puts the lid back on.
someone and someone resume hauling sacks onto the dolly.
above him, the falcon circles a floating scroll.
someone wears his peter pan costume.
someone faces her.
as the young girl stares longingly after him, a smooth featured man strides up.
he has helpless shrug.
someone rises from the table and trods off.
he blocks someone's view, who strains to look around him.
as we watch from a distance.
she grins at the boy.
someone shovels in, removes her helmet and sets it aside.
she pauses, yielding a smile.
someone jogs outside clutching a shawl around her shoulders and halts in the middle of the yard with a desperate shrug.
gripping one pole in each hand, someone crouches.
the mustang drives off.
someone grabs someone and shoves him against a railing.
in the bathroom, someone pulls on latex gloves then opens the needle and syringe.
our gaze flies along the contraption to three brushes, each scratching a piglet.
now a bird's eye view shows tightly packed buildings in a city neighborhood.
the thin soldier's photograph of his sweetheart flutters down to the grass.
he presses an ear to the door.
someone wearily pushes himself up onto all fours.
as he kisses a woman leaning out of the window, he notices a team of riders approaching.
someone enters the ship and turns to find someone crawling away from him.
without his overcoat, he wears a black vest and a leather gun holster.
someone holds out her hand.
someone leans heavily on a guard rail.
they peer through a cracked open window at a maroon datsun inside.
he makes an x with his flags, then gestures toward master someone, who beckons someone.
in another, she lies asleep in bed, her shoulders bare.
the two execs, someone and someone, go.
the two men work their way to their feet.
officers in black uniforms and helmets rush over and grab someone by the shoulders.
he runs the backs of his fingers down her cheek then jams his thumb just below her chin, knocking her unconscious.
someone flattens himself on his stomach and paddles in the direction of the softly rippling waves.
crouching, he lets go of the rails.
someone notices the students watching him.
as the oars rise.
as it steadies, we glimpse one of the boys plummeting.
invisibility for everyone, including
he takes in someone's sorry expression, then shuts his eyes.
he gazes in through the window, his craggy face set in its usual curmudgeonly expression.
now, a series of photos shows the watch posing with the alien in increasingly wacky scenarios.
she grabs up her purse and glares at him, then stalks around to the passenger door and reaches for the handle.
people gather on the front lawn.
someone gives a troubled look.
he takes a script from his back.
someone and the nerds listen in on someone and someone.
someone watches him over her shoulder.
entering the office, the principal furrows his brow as he sees someone fiddling with his window.
glancing at the couple, she suppresses a grin.
someone turns away and his crew follows.
he offers his hand for a shake, but the wealthy old woman holds hers out for a kiss.
someone ditches his jacket then picks the bag back up.
she leads someone upstairs.
revealing a tiled hallway.
someone lies with his arms folded over his stomach and his eyes shut.
the someone enter the cavern-like penguin exhibit.
it's shaped like a tooth with a pair of fairy wings.
with a faint smile, she reaches out and takes his hand in hers stroking his fingers with her thumb.
the rule dangles from a chandelier.
someone rolls her eyes, then looks back at their table.
as he goes someone sips a cup of coffee.
now a plane touches down on a tarmac.
someone stretches his quadriceps.
they enter an interrogation room.
someone stands before a class of 12
finding someone outside, he rolls down his window.
eight drones with glowing faces rise at the front of stage left.
someone stands, approaches someone, and shakes his hand.
someone grins, and someone kisses her on the cheek.
someone guides his magical smoke across an equipment table.
someone, someone, and the kids rush over as someone's kids pile on to the new lovebirds.
someone opens the driver's door and steps out, admiring the big costco wholesale sign over the front doors.
she checks her cellphone.
someone glances over her shoulder then drags the box forward several inches.
it pulls him close, then lowers itself on top of him.
someone unplugs four cables attached to someone and the beam dies out.
he continues out with a numb expression.
he holds out the spear.
someone turns his arm over revealing his concentration camp number.
effort, she pushes her gear into the restriction.
the destroyer's visor closes.
her face now in focus, the stunning lead singer wraps her fingers around the microphone.
sitting behind it, he shoots her a quizzical look.
he puts the van in park.
the tattoo faced monk addresses someone.
using the horse like a track and field hammer, he hurls it at his enemy knocking him to the ground.
creeping past the foot of the bed, she frantically dials a call.
someone lets go and swings with someone.
now clothed, her neighbor smiles.
now an aerial view shows the atlanta skyline.
with a crooked smirk, someone faces the russian.
later, he leaves with his helmet in hand.
staring at the glass, someone cautiously accepts the drink and takes a tiny sip.
someone watches someone as he takes it behind the counter and rips it open.
as someone eats his dinner with chopsticks, the penguins eat from plates of fish.
the light up display of someone's own smartphone glows through his kingly robe.
cars and rubble lie strewn on the road and skyscrapers dot the horizon.
tears up more of the leafy bits and shovels them into his mouth.
breathing heavily, someone lies on her side with her arm covering her face.
he lifts the flaming wheel again, then heaves both levers forward with a maniacal grin.
he strikes the aide, flings him into a wall across the chamber, then spots someone running away, but lets her go.
someone brings someone a beer.
rain pounds down as the boat rocks between surging waves.
one of the bullets strikes an air force drone, which crashes and bounces across the ground in flames.
someone ignores her and gazes at the floor.
someone, the monkey watches them chat.
chewing, he pauses.
someone rolls her eyes.
someone tries to dart past,
then someone opens the fridge.
the queen mother turns.
she offers her glass of red wine.
moving his arms like a robot, he clanks a fork and knife together.
a burly man turns and taps a friend with a wonky eye.
he scribbles on a slip.
signs throughout the city read, for human use only, and, no non-human loitering.
someone climbs to his knees.
someone looks up to find someone gone.
someone holds a large castle cake with ice cream cone turrets.
as someone wheels someone into the hall someone steps inside,
someone rejoins the group.
the young man flings its contents out the window and pretends to drink.
he strolls over.
meanwhile, someone peers up through an awning and sees a figure dash past an open-air window in the tower.
sister keeps walking and disappears behind a door.
the someone regards someone frankly.
he fills a shot glass and hands it over.
he removes the urn he took from the inner chamber.
someone's mom gestures to someone and someone.
eating a bowl of food, someone smiles and nods.
her father gives her a half smile.
it is illegal to falsify your enlistment form.
as the band plays, a spotlight shines on dancers in silver-sequined outfits.
later, his board rests on a chair outside as he comes in.
someone swings back, but someone stops the blow and kicks someone to the ground.
someone watches her jog over.
as he poses playfully, someone approaches.
cancel request pop up notes, someone have to confirm that you are friends.
a framed photo shows someone with a bedouin, dressed as a bedouin.
someone forms an o with his right hand, and peers through the makeshift scope
the swinging double doors close on the manager as someone and someone leave.
someone carries a passed out someone down a hallway upstairs.
he props his head on it and gazes at someone with wistful eyes.
his head sinks beneath the surface and he vanishes.
girl receives it.
as the man moves on, the car halts and backs up.
someone steps out and someone lowers his weapon.
leading her into a room, he turns to a worker.
nimrod bumps into a wall, then waddles off alone.
someone crosses his wrists and fires a repulsor beam which swivels, hits the remaining drones, and slices a tree in half.
the board goes vertical.
someone grins and marks the note, hiding her answer.
someone turns a sharp corner around a display of bowls holding chili peppers.
spar gets to his feet.
inside, someone hangs upside down, his eyes half closed in a placid gaze.
several more boards stand filled to his left and students call out each number he writes.
with his eyes closed, he laps at the air.
someone sips an energy drink as she oversees production.
someone grins up at him while someone lovingly watches someone.
someone drops the newspaper by the door and moves away as it smolders.
and her hand is over his.
then faces someone.
someone bats someone in the crotch.
someone shoots him a fearful glance.
someone tears up and someone grins from ear to ear.
onstage, a spotlight sweeps across the costumed girls.
his lips pressed together tightly.
the sandwich to someone, who stares at photos on a wall.
he pauses to talk to a young boy.
he lowers the phone from his ear and whips it at the wall.
