aisha looks at cala, worried.
harry covers his mouth to muffle his breathing.
he puts his head down as debbie arrives.
esmarelda, staring straight ahead, talks to butch through the rearview mirror.
dark-haired, heavy-set, muscular and sullen faced, he wears a khaki colored smock and a red paisley bandanna.
struggling to fight them off, he pulls out his wand.
the door opens to reveal the woman of edward's dreams, sandra kay templeton.
arwen turns towards her companion who stares at her, concerned.
will, now 17 with braces, is fuming and ready to leave.
it is a mark cross ladies 'attache' case.
bob fires a pump-action shotgun.
they start forward.
has his brother discovered the other two bottles?
harry leans back, disappointed.
camera follows, remaining on floor level but travelling along the stairway as arbogast makes his way up.
as we peer out the side of the adjustment bureau high rise raindrops plummet at us.
the students break the ranks of the crowd and surround the coffin carriage.
standing there, on the sidewalk, looking up and down the street is a kelly green clad figure.
camera slowly tracks in toward the window.
the man in black, roaring up the rope
the sound of his steps dies away as neff looks after him.
pete flies down a steep hill going crazy fast.
the boy lifts his head.
rose steps across the deck toward him.
the flame fires up and they're flung across the room onto the floor.
he saunters over to a pump and swipes a card in it.
lester is slumped in the passenger seat.
the black dog leaps out of the shadows.
it stares down at westley.
miranda has her hand held out for them.
small overhead lights with green lampshades hang from above next to dangling clusters of phone wires.
he glances back at the men and quickly opens the door to the caboose, stepping inside.
but they have come by a site where a building is being erected, and a european (kallenbach) is perched above a doorway on the half-completed structure, getting a level.
facing him on the couch are two uniformed policeman, one middle-aged, the other a fresh-faced rookie.
she takes her time staring up into the branches that shield her from the glare of the sun.
currently, mrs. babbit, 52, speaks into the microphone on the floor.
harry leans back in his chair, deep in thought.
he runs from the room.
berger shakes his head.
its spectacular grecian facade is carved directly into the rock.
forrest grabs the third wounded soldier up from the ground and turns him over.
sam nods and begins to play.
hannah steps back.
the silver jet with red, white and blue liveries speeds along the runway and takes off.
later smiling, the two walk hand in hand down a busy sidewalk noticing every hat-wearing man they pass.
the singing that the building scream covered, however, is now audible again.
they all climb in.
seven rings held aloft in triumph by the dwarf lords.
she holds the ultrasound up to show vanessa and drapes her arm around her.
this end of the room is very dim and thus we are able to see clearly the light striking norman's face.
across the fence on the other side of the house: a quartet of adults, formally dressed as though for a cocktail party, holding drinks and watching.
harry stretches towards the post where buckbeak is chained.
as they proceed along the underpass in the shadow of an elevated road, enrique steps from behind a pillar.
the plane cracks the anchor away.
mountbatten, tall, handsome, bemedalled, walks at the head of dignitaries from many lands.
a dark narrow corridor, dimly lit and festooned with cobwebs.
up the street the wagon suddenly stops.
dil gathers up her things and takes it.
he looks demonic.
diana shifts her weight and steps closer.
they look at her with complete trust.
madame thenardier goes outside to open up the rather pathetic frost fair stall on the porch of the inn.
a small congregation listens to a sermon in a cordoned off area.
rose leans forward and spits.
the teller woman is crying as she works the combination.
he slowly puts on his bubba- gump cap.
szpilman steels himself, ready to jump.
he leans over to examine the damages.
the van's heading for a collision and spider-man pulls the guards out.
he glances up at the rearview which shows many flashing light bars.
and turns towards tuvia with an insolent scowl.
lightoller grabs a young girl and places her in a lifeboat.
gandhi looks at nehru.
he reaches out and flicks a switch.
hilly's face hardens.
jeff turns his wheelchair halfway around as lisa and stella start quickly for the door, the camera panning them across the room.
heavyset howard stops to catch his breath.
he sits, picking at his fingers and listening, on the edge of the table in front of holly, who is sitting cross-legged on the floor, propped up with a pillow, reading her script aloud.
the endorphins have kicked in, and lester grins, reveling in the sheer physical pleasure of his body.
aron, sitting with his legs drawn up in front of him, slowly gets up to his feet, and throws the cloth bundle over his shoulder.
men in dark suits stand around.
the story rewinds.
and as she sets to work.
the dude smiles dreamily and does a backstroke motion so that he is once again gliding face-down.
they're both wearing black.
he has chiseled features, shaved head, deep-set eyes.
the maids double up with laughter.
the wounded ping-pong player tosses the ball down onto the table.
george is completely befuddled.
he raises a hand to bid them farewell.
she moves to the center of the car as gruesome faces press against the windows.
alison reads an article on sydney in a magazine.
in zoe's dark bedroom, kate lays her sleeping niece down gently onto the bed.
butch grips the sword tighter.
inez looks at ben wearily.
edward climbs up the last bit of the steep hillside, reaching the mouth of a cave.
the sand forms a curving shape, almost like a human body.
they see a huge distorted shadow on the wall in front of them!
then, they set off walking again.
vincent's .45 goes bang!
he turns to put it on the counter and realizes his children are seated on the kitchen floor with one of their two german shepherds.
on the third attempt, the web wraps round the jib of the crane.
he unbuttons his shirt.
the side door opens with almost no sound.
he raises the glass as if to take a drink, but stops midway.
lee closes the door behind the men and walks over to dusty.
he points to a plot right in front of them.
his arms are straining hard again.
she pulls out her wand.
walt disappears into the bathroom and shuts the door behind him.
he watches as molly and robbie hurry to the table.
she stops and loops the super rope over a low-hanging tree branch, contemplating how to fashion a noose.
cedric swallows hard and takes a deep breath.
lights go out in tokio.
they reach her door.
ben studies her as she speaks, then lowers his eyes.
norman turns his glasses upside down and flaps around like a bird.
we see george watching her from the sidewalk.
she looks at him, standing up.
harry looks at his father's portrait.
nehru stands, staring at them all, his face seething with anger.
she seems to be looking straight up at him.
pippin is dumped unceremoniously onto the back of shadowfax as gandalf hurriedly prepares to leave.
as he passes the office, he is shocked to see norman standing just inside the open door.
harry watches, as it soars above his head, swooping around the courtyard, then up and over the grey stone tars of the school.
one of the hindus bows with his hands clasped together.
mycroft appears in a boat.
merrill looks at graham, then, nods.
the two of them dive into thick woodland, moving behind the nemy lines, with a view of the german soldiers and their tank ahead of them.
a light goes on, revealing a slouched- over mickey sitting in a glass booth.
with carson in the b.g., who fires at him.
jeep is right behind them ready to fire at the creature, but with the women in the way, he can't get a clear shot.
suddenly heidi stops and sniffs the air.
lydia opens one of the upper windows excitedly.
the goondas stand.
lois is amongst the shoppers.
mary jane shuts her eyes very tightly, and a faint smile falls across her face.
george hurls the rock at the house.
ron touches hermione's cheek.
his face still to the wall, chili shoves his hands in and pulls the side pockets out.
she squeezes it.
ron and hermione ripple briefly past a frosted window, then.
howard is hot on their tail.
in the barn, tuvia takes out the gun.
she breaks a window.
hi's attention is still on the road.
inside the carriage, a family is sharing a huge meal of pickles, rice, vegetables, and chapati.
carlton, wearing a stiff smile, glances from one parent to the other.
shadowfax arrives at a great citadel on the summit of the city -- 1000 feet above the pelennor fields.
the giant flattens a bird between his huge hands.
outside, on the snowy street, juno stops the previa and eases off her grey overskirt.
he reaches for it, but his arm has turned to damp sand.
hermione ignores the question, eyes the clock on the wall.
dead pale, he silently enters the pit, carrying a tray of food and medication.
watson and holmes, now out of his disguise, are on the steamer's rear promenade deck.
mj comes to join him.
the concierge stares dumbly.
randal grabs italian bread and smacks it into dante's face as he rushes him blindly.
karl just stares at him, not sure what to do.
the sun shines down out of a clear, blue sky.
the dude does a couple of lazy crawl strokes and then notices that a bowling ball has materialized in his forward hand.
with neither of them quite venturing a smile, mary jane steps down off the stage and slowly leans into him laying her head on his shoulder.
he watches a moment, then paces, shaking his hands loose.
he clenches the locket in his fist and hauls himself up from the sand like a man climbing out of a swamp.
gandalf is flung to the floor.
they glance at the rest of the group.
mr. mccleery is standing on the stairway, listening.
the land rover pulls away.
he cautiously goes to the window and looks out.
still holding her hands, harry starts to move to the music.
potter seated behind his desk, his goon alongside him.
she waves goodbye to bren, who is playing in the yard with two weimaraners.
edgar reaches into the front seat of the van and pulls out his twelve gauge.
tory, nica, dalia and jane help alyssa finish an issue of 'idiosyncratic routine'.
now, a police car pulls up to the bar.
her left hand's hanging over the edge almost touching ron's hand.
two long, bony hands cling on to the door frame as the ice cream man with a blue forage cap emerges.
he spots president ashton lying face down.
juno's sitting in the armchair on his front lawn.
joe and alice have helped down one familiar face: sheriff pruitt.
across the landing in his room, graham cautiously approaches the window and looks out over the maize field.
the look is like a long kiss.
now in dillinger's room, wedge joins the shootout.
the doctor walks over to him.
there are people upon walkways and others at ground level.
as it passes thao's house, gang members discharge a couple of mac-10 machine guns into the building.
jane turns his legs like a wheel.
rick comes out to the middle of the floor.
a waiter brings tea to rick and ferrari, who sit alone at a table in a secluded nook off the main room.
four people in black cloaks float upright in front of him - - ron, hermione, cho, and a small girl with long fair hair.
as if drawn by marius's gaze, cosette looks up and meets his eyes.
they head out the back door and down the steps toward the garage.
across the diner, charlie places a bloody red steak in front of gladys.
he's contorted but stiff.
graham, his eyes closed, cradles his limp son.
with a huge effort or will, frodo tears his gaze upon the ring.
the walls are white and plain.
holly, leaning on the table, sips her drink.
behind her is holly, carrying a casserole.
he can't continue.
twin girls look round at hermione.
whip's ex-wife opens the door.
alice watches him sympathetically.
she pats the dolls.
holly walks over to the sink and washes her hands.
the people are seated in deck chairs and on blankets, staring up.
behind the scenes, the host walks into the toilets.
the tank operator flops to one side.
frustrated, he gets up and walks to the street.
sensing what is about to happen, the young man pays up.
one steward pulls out a small handgun and points it at the crowd now contained behind the closed gate.
he tries to get out of the car.
they all stare.
cargo strains in its straps, which snaps back towards camille.
ryan gives a motivational talk.
valjean is sitting staring at the bishop's candlesticks.
huddled together in the sunlight.
drawers have been emptied out.
we see it carried away by kyra.
the train begins to move.
he wheels.
willie turns the tap off, takes a slug of vodka, and walks back into the hall.
he smiles at salieri.
gandhi taps her on the head with his finger as she smiles.
mj is pulled towards the sphere.
he sips his beer.
rudolfo the red nosed burro is tended by several santa's elf mannequins.
he looks up and sees a spider's web woven round the coils of barbed wire above the gateway entrance.
nigel peers through a hole in the stone wall behind it, and sees umbridge and her squad.
daisy watches as he says his goodbyes.
lama rings the monastery bell as the water quickly closes in.
the girls wear long gowns, the boys dress robes.
the twelfth floor is dark.
two limbs hold apart breaking it in half, then hurls both pieces at spider-man.
a third man is john rambo.
two or three packages come flying over from the aryan side.
the amber is turning to a more neutral dusky light as the sun has set.
he takes a step.
at her therapist's, kate garnishes a plate of food.
the toad hops down the river bank.
hermione has transformed to look exactly like bellatrix.
edward winces, but doesn't say anything yet.
indy and elsa inspect markings carved onto the walls.
ben follows her.
through the door we see him run down the street and out of sight.
he seems to be concentrating on it.
he walks across the reception area.
she's wearing a pink dress, then smiling gently as she looks down at something.
he leans over ron, who lies on his back, no longer breathing.
three men are standing in jimmie's kitchen, each with a mug of coffee.
the doors burst open and armed commandos.
as she crosses, we can see that thirty years of marriage has not lessened their affection for each other.
the two sisters walk away from the rack, hannah slightly in the lead.
thomas and benjamin sit down at a table.
cole stays rigid.
she is beginning to realize that he's drunk.
as he stoops toward her, dumb with horror.
the driver leaves.
in the distance, the children see the turrets and towers of a vast castle perched high on the other side.
preacher looks under the bed.
she eases her way past him.
drover and the boys arrive at the boat.
clayton turns away in his high-backed swivel chair as sidney lopes out with his tail between his legs.
valjean knocks and opens her door.
the fluttering leaves skim over the water.
moody pulls up a stool and sits him down in front of the fire.
jacob and cal are at the bar.
ernie hits the brakes hard and harry flies forward, palms to the window.
ground coffee follows, and the mix is shoved into place in the coffeemaker.
at night, sandy parks the beat-up car outside his apartment and enters with diana.
charlotte watches her drive off in a pickup truck with a loaded trailer on the back.
he jumps down and peers over a wall.
the clergyman who has given charlie the use of his pulpit sits beneath it, embarrassed, but sticking resolutely to his decision to give charlie a hearing.
thompson gazes at the performance, and david follows his eyes back to the stage.
whip pushes the side-stick forward.
in his driveway, walt lovingly polishes his gran torino.
on its finger we see the gold signet ring belonging to salieri.
in the pouring rain, she opens the passenger door of her car and he gets in.
seeing carson otherwise occupied, she turns and runs toward the open stage door of the com die fran aise behind her.
karen looks at chili as he sits back.
mary and george are in the entrance hall.
he passes the cross and looks ahead as the sun begins to rise.
as she reaches the door, she turns back to nick with a warm smile.
there is a yelp of pain.
a car rises up out of the used car lot.
icey pours fudge into a buttered pan.
a cart is overturned and furniture is thrown from windows to build the barricade.
she goes to a window.
taylor and barnes exchange a look.
elliot raises his cigarette to take a drag.
brandt tugs at the dude's shirt and points him back to the hall.
sitting on a low couch in a treatment room.
harry's face is bloated, and his right eye is closed.
his left arm is in a sling.
through the glass we see the pimply young cashier with the paper 7-eleven cap pop up from behind the counter to sight down his huge .44 magnum for another shot.
they walk in silence into medium, moving shot, the guard talkative, bart reluctant to talk.
ferris slows up as he approaches a gate.
christian is at the opening too.
forrest turns around, then runs back into the jungle.
the force makes him stumble one fatal step backwards - into the back aisle - where: crash - he is hit broadside and bowled over by a rocketing shopping cart, propelled by an hysterically screaming shopper.
the german captain takes off his coat and gives it to him.
quickly, they run into the forest and observe themselves and ron leave the cottage and hide behind the pumpkins.
again the bacon stops before is reaches jeff's mouth.
later, peter traipses down a deserted sidewalk.
as hi is escorted away from the camera toward his cell.
this time gandhi is in the middle and speaks with the full authority of a leader.
ron disappears in a flash of green flames.
there are enough of them in their group to be watching the marchers with a challenging disdain.
the officer salutes and goes off to speak to the guards.
ed sits on the edge of the bed, also staring listlessly.
gandhi is smiling, trying to move on, but answering the questions of an indian journalist.
bn brings the truck to a halt and gets out of the cab.
he looks to the three saleswomen who were in the room.
jerry sits dumbly.
dr. briar looks up at the monitor, which is flat-lining.
her eyes twinkle.
maynard hands the gimp's leash to zed, then backs away.
buckbeak flies harry and hermione back to the school.
the sinks around the base divide and move out towards away from each other.
and then his foot catches on a step.
two flags are removed from the bonnet of the president's limousine.
shutting the door behind himself, will drinks the rest of the ensure himself.
tuvia bends over his old teacher.
evan's up front and kayleigh sits behind them.
bob hansen (late 40's), owner and proprietor of this fine roadside establishment, attempts to fix the old tv hanging in the corner above the counter by banging the shit out it.
gittes fishes a couple off the tray, puts them in his handkerchief pocket.
sandy takes a step and peers intently at the conversation.
the crowd, and they do a very strange thing: with no instruction at all, they suddenly go to their knees.
with the doorknob in his hand keyes turns back to norton with a glance down at his own shirt sleeves.
she looks tearfully down at dutton issuing orders on the wharf.
he looks back at the pretty young woman, and swallows nervously.
an official car draws up.
both jules and vincent are inside the car cleaning it up.
he closes his bible and turns to them with weepy eyes and a brave little smile.
the track winds along a wooded valley.
she looks about her for a moment.
inside, she slaps him.
salieri crosses and goes in alone.
they're driven through town.
she allows herself a brief smile, then looks over at andy's replacement.
lizzie looks around her awkwardly,
the sedan t-bones the compact.
rambo looks vacantly ahead.
suddenly, the door swings open and bundled cash spills to the floor.
we track with him as he is rushed through the living room, his arm holding the satchel flailing away from his body.
a tanker is thrown through the air and explodes as it hits the ground.
grainy footage of him getting zapped.
a torn piece of toilet paper, with a spot of blood, hangs over his eye.
nullah walks slowly to him.
as he starts to pull him out he yells.
as he looks up at the length of it, however, he sees that the sides have been smashed open.
walt watches from his porch as spider's car comes slowly down the street.
close on a carton of diapers being set down on the check-out counter.
as she comes down the stairs of the landing, holding on the wrought iron railing with one hand.
he peers inside.
pearl frowns and puts her finger in her mouth; she remembers he twisted her arm.
indy unfolds a piece of paper and holds it over the shield.
he lets go of the sword.
malcolm turns from the television and takes a seat next to anna.
hannah, embarrassed, reacts and sits with her hands on her face.
they go through a window, out onto a balcony.
crane up in the car speeding away.
he hangs up, andrea still pressing her phone to her ear.
he picks up the florist's box, rises and moves away from the settee.
she storms off with a face like thunder.
he reaches his truck, then looks around.
as the band plays, gatsby and tom share a polite smile.
cole is wearing a large silver watch.
he bares his teeth at three children in the whites-only section of the tram.
the train grinds to a halt.
frodo winces as an angry image of the fiery eye hits him!
he goes to use the key card at a room door.
ryan's eyes rove.
the dude waits for the rings to end.
she makes a note and puts down the pen, still without looking at him.
zed takes the chair, sits it in front of the two prisoners, then lowers into it.
he steps forward and glances at the horizon.
he warily approaches the foot of a wide staircase.
he is fucking scared; at least he's holding a rifle.
they elbow past the bustling kitchen help.
duke's head sticks out of ben's car window as they drive along the avenue of palm trees to emily's quaint clapboard house, and pull up outside it.
sam pulls away from frodo.
sadiki gets in his car.
norman and carol remain silent.
men stand on hills of coal waste, hacking away with pickaxes.
the queen strides down a corridor that has stags heads mounted on the walls.
smiling, diana applies makeup.
the hands haul him out again, dripping and gasping.
the doors open to reveal sandra, will and josephine, staring into the mouth of oblivion.
a grandfather clock shows 5 past 11.
he is grabbing the two sacks and tosses one to gale, who also picks up the baby.
melvin hangs up the phone.
through the window over the sink, we can see into the burnham's garage window.
deputy rosko pauses to tune in his radio.
she downs a drink and motions for another.
they run to the truck.
he glances round at the other patients.
the girls strip down to their underwear.
pete sits down and talks with larry.
as they pass an alcove, edwards notices the six other recruits, who have been herded into a corner.
he starts venting the gas chamber.
ashton stares at mccullough, then steps out of the elevator.
behind her, red appears in his undershirt, and leans through an open air interior window.
then he's in uniform walking through a kitchen.
george is dressed in jersey sweater and oversize football pants that keep wanting to come down.
out the window we see the three girls on the sidewalk.
sure enough, as we look up again, it's a younger edward bloom, 20's, staring into the water.
ben waits and stops the lift door closing with the briefcase he's carrying.
he starts to climb up the rock fall.
she puts her leg up on the sofa.
something crawls across the floor.
gittes turns to be handed a thick sheaf of papers, a summons and complaint.
his sandy haired accomplice helps him along and fires back at the tower.
up in the grotto, three snowmen sit behind statues of mary and the baby jesus in his crib.
the thermometer outside of jeff's window, registering 83 degrees.
they jostle for position, grabbing each other by the shirt, pulling each other's back, fighting each other off.
but there's a terrible thud as his body hits the pavement and a clatter as the wheelchair follows him.
sadie gets up and stomps off.
karen looks caught, doesn't answer right away.
jessica hangs her head, giggling.
the troop truck flips over and explodes.
diaz hops over a timber fence and runs up the ladders to the volunteers cage.
his hands search over the ground in all directions.
he comes up behind her and puts his arms around her.
don puts his arm over his face.
dutton turns to them.
the wedding boat cruises gently in front of the twinkling backdrop of the towering city lights.
donovan leads vogel out.
the titanic rapidly fills with water and sinks.
there mulwray stops, tuns slowly, appears to be looking at the bottom of the riverbed, or at nothing at all.
the organ music starts to thunder.
diaz frowns and glances at the hanging severed head.
she indicates something, across the room.
malcolm slips back into silence.
michael leaps on the soldier and they tumble together down the a short incline.
harry gingerly takes the vial.
bullets whizz past.
szpilman looks around, hearing the car loudspeaker indistinctly.
he then runs the thread along the floor to his door (next door) and works it underneath.
the extremely low wide shot, locked down to the speeding bike, shows us rushing toward the rear of nathan jr's car seat.
all eyes turn to his son, draco.
simon swings his arm and cast at melvin -- the sudden attack jolts melvin but not as much as what follows.
a group of theater executives, including the producer, the director, and two assistants, sit in a cluster in the empty audience, talking; they look up at the offscreen holly, who is auditioning on the stage.
forrest closes his eyes as he sits on the porch.
graham, in the driving seat, glances over his shoulder at morgan, then, turns back to the road.
aberforth chats to dean and seamus.
tuvia enjoining the circular dance.
ben approaches the window and smiles in at connie, who opens the front door but not the wrought iron screen door.
harry's nose is broken and bloody.
fergus is moved.
mrs. robinson nods.
meinhard turns to look at the cake, which explodes.
forrest continues to speak into the microphone.
donny yanks the steering wheel -- he turns onto a dirt road -- the car rumbles away from camera.
scurrying people under umbrellas, swarming around the bank doors.
neff gets out with his briefcase under his arm.
she sits.
minnie is drinking tea.
the caverns are shaking violently.
on ken's computer, he sees cornish's actual photo.
and he's lost.
newspaper cameramen crowded around the platform photograph him.
henry pats indy on the back and indy collapses, sitting hard on the rocky cliff edge.
a man pops up from behind a wall.
cigarette hanging out of his mouth, the man picks up the iv pole and walks down the stairs.
they belong to a man we will know as the perpetrator.
wille doesnt crack the safe but marcus suceeds in felling the dummy.
he holds the lead for a bulldog in his left.
nick leaves gatsby resting on the gate.
terrified, dudley jumps onto his mother's lap.
beyond the couple is a small, homely and packed restaurant.
charlotte sits skeeter down.
laurie walks through the front gate and starts up toward the porch.
he takes a swig.
hannah angrily gathers up some spices from the table; holly walks back onscreen holding a silver ice bucket.
edward laughs a little, which becomes a cough.
harry looks impart and then sighs.
close on two horses panting.
sophie wears gold an ostentatious white fur stole and a long flowing red dress.
they look from the paper to each other.
at start of scene we see only john's feet; he's under the skiff, examining it.
peter joins the queue.
motorcycle outriders prepare to escort the waiting car.
guns and grenades loaded into baskets and bags.
a foxglove grows in stony ground.
with a heave she opens it half-way.
he decides he better go.
harry walks out into a circular arena hewn from the rocky hillside and surrounded by a stone wall.
he takes the stole from around its neck.
she mockingly places her hands on mark's waist and moves back and forth stiffly.
the firey explosion shrinks into nothing, blackness.
it moves down until the lips move out of her bottom of her screen, and just the remain for fill the screen.
moody retrieves the flask from hermione, then joins the real harry.
thomas smiles wryly as benjamin sputters on the whiskey.
the car door opens.
in horror, the two men stare at it.
she swings her arms and thrusts her hips.
now on a downtown rooftop, four gentlemanly figures cross to the guard rail, each in a fedora, overcoat and necktie.
screaming as he watches the foot.
later, he changes into his spider-man suit and stares intently at the radio on the chest of radios.
harry slowly rises and walks to a window.
kurt's face drops as he recalls scrubbing his backside with bobby's toothbrush.
rebecca cancels the call and shoves the phone back into her bag.
sydney washes up as his father returns a framed portrait photo of a woman to a shelf.
seeing veronica in the ambulance.
very early, benjamin tiptoes into her room and wakes her.
she looks at the bacon, sausage, egg, tomatoes, beans, and toast.
she picks up a phone and dials.
lester picks up a cd case from a shelf and examines it.
a police car speeds in and comes to a stop near renault.
nearby, one prisoner lies motionless at another guard's feet.
he walks down a spiral staircase into the dark living room.
the two slug it out until spider-man falls to mj.
they are british and their troop leader is viciously angry.
he pulls out a deadly looking dagger, with a sharp point and a triangular shaped blade, and sprints on and.
the four ringwraiths fly done the empty streets, like horsemen of the apocalypse.
the indian summer day is a good ten degrees too warm for the coat, but that doesn't stop helen from wearing her beloved.
he squints out the window.
shep knees carl repeatedly, then dumps him onto the floor and starts whipping him with the buckle end of the belt.
joe moves over to alice, who looks out at the crash.
jacob looks down at the wallet dryly, then frowns incredulously at cal.
the ghostly images of voldemort's victims appear.
they've been thrust by circumstances from a simple country life into an unfamiliar and hectic world.
the queen remains seated.
then stops, staring at her with his hands folded behind him.
draco is spun in the air.
then, quietly, conflicted.
it crosses a tiny, single-arched bridge over a stream.
it's gone for a long time, long enough that edward becomes concerned.
nick smiles as he chats with leah.
graham sits indoors in dim lights, staring and failing me ahead.
joe is riveted on parrish ow, parrish aware of him, has paused.
he strikes a boxing pose with tattoos on it.
the eye sweeps amon hen like a searchlight, seeking its ring!
tuvia tosses him a hammer.
the door bursts open in a shower of wood fragments, and 20 goblins charge into the tomb, followed by a huge cave troll!
ron seethes as he watches them.
purvis faces baum.
at that moment: across the plain, a figure clothed in white rides towards them!
dillinger straightens to his full height.
cosette gazes at marius, bewildered by what she has just learned.
the spotlights shift to follow their movements as they pranced left and right.
at a table in the middle, he sees a man eating alone -- an enormous, dignified, yet profoundly strange-looking man in his mid fifties.
the next room has easy chairs, a sitting room.
paper airplanes swoop around their heads.
ben stuffs the money back in his pocket and runs down the stairs and out of the building.
he reopens the top drawer, and the bottom one opens.
courfeyrac calls out.
malfoy has his arm in a sling.
stiffly, she turns to face him.
she turns on her heel and walks indoors.
then seems to change his mind and returns to his original spot by the mantel piece.
he slices off his right hand into the cauldron.
charlie, shaken by this revelation, reaches out to audrey.
father stops, turns fearfully and approaches the germans.
she goes over to the table and sees thelma's stuff there.
with the eye of sauron sweeping the plains around them, sam gets to his feet.
he walks down the hall past an open doorway and starts to go upstairs.
the gun fires, shooting ashton's double.
his fellow troops look behind them for a split second as guns fire at them from behind a wall of trees.
thurman picks up his report card and heads out of the kitchen.
pappy o'daniel sits on the veranda of the governor's mansion, smoking a cigar and sipping from a glass of bourbon as the evening sun goes down.
equipment units are wheeled aside.
he is trying to open the door, which ed is holding shut with all her might.
dillinger joins the others, firing at the second story window across the street.
michael lies with his arms outstretched, eyes wide open, twitching slightly, a bloody wound in his chest.
javert watches them go.
she gets up and puts on her coat.
gandalf looks at him with concern.
he falls to the ground, his head and arm bleeding.
suze turns around and looks coldly at rebecca.
he takes a wildlife book from a shelf.
with rain falling on the leaded windows of her room, jenny sits at her desk, studying.
the kid stares placidly at him.
an enormous station clock shows five minutes to five.
the apple has gone.
teachers and elders start to scurry off.
strider says nothing and boromir turns away dismissively.
as the orc swarm from the tower, gandalf realises pippin has come down from the citadel.
he takes her hand and she places her other hand on his shoulder.
they are humbling through the playground across the colored markings for hopscotch.
kate looks quizzically at leah, who smiles and gestures towards nick.
cu, salieri, reading the score of the adagio in helpless fascination.
they are awfully spic-and-span; they even wear shoes.
she looks into the room full of flowers.
kurt goes through to him.
she is still completely nude.
dr. campbell rises from his seat.
red roses are bunched in a vase at the center of the table.
fergus grabs his wrists and upends him on the ground.
now it's spider-man's turn to rain blades on his opponent.
he ducks.
the epic blast blows the fugitives off their feet.
indy gathers up his books and makes his way toward the door.
windows behind her show the passing train.
charlie looks back at him, defiant.
his coat and tie are over the back of the chair, and the evening paper is lying tumbled on the floor beside him.
the colonel sits at a dinette reading the wall street journal.
from it emerges peter, carrying the pizzas.
terrified, farmer maggot cowers in his doorway.fang, his dog, whimpers and backs away.
he puts on his jacket.
jenny helps forrest back up.
the figure holds out a human-like hand.
he stands to face them as rough rider points a gun in his direction.
loomis glances at marion as she lights a cigarette.
the convoy, headed by the two motorcycles, sets off from the underground garage.
wick, who has been smoking a cigarette throughout the scene, throws it out the window.
fudge goes to take it but dumbledore stops him.
melvin throws open the door.
mark, standing next to her, arms folded, looks glum.
mrs. hatch, in a bathrobe, and with her hair in curlers, is leaning over the banister as she calls:
the bathroom is quiet except for the dripping sink, and the faint rumble of an approaching motorcycle.
the ax hangs seemingly forever, etched against the sky, then drops from sight.
he looks away.
he gets up and jogs around the corner after them.
we see a series of shots of night clubs, cafes, bars, liquor stores, pool halls and the like, with blaring jazz music issuing from the majority of them.
watson notices the other players eyeing his winnings, which are now scattered on the floor.
as lupin's wand drops pettigrew leaps.
she tries to deep throat it.
later, she's dancing with him, holding hands and smiling warmly.
vogel appears to remind elsa of her appointment.
she makes her way back to the car.
szpilman turns as the door opens and gebczynski enters, distraught.
pomfrey raises her wand then luna.
harry starts to run as the hedges starts to close together behind him.
norman goes reluctantly behind counter, lays down the key to cabin twelve, takes a receipt book out of the drawer under counter, starts to write.
jude makes her way from the door toward the greenhouse.
he holds up his wrist so she can see the watch.
he drags it to the little hall, picks up his hat and puts it on.
indoors, diminutive, sharp-suited mr. oti takes a seat beside benjamin.
he looks around the apartment.
miss torso is practicing her ballet again.
he stops and sees daisy running after him.
keyes goes toward the street and out of scene.
jenny looks up at her.
grinning proudly, he scratches his chin and looks down at a pile of magazines on the table.
he watches his young wife being urged away.
taking a deep breath, ron clutches the horse's reins.
harry runs off.
the wind rattles the windows.
norm wears a red cape and holds a shield and spear.
he nods politely to aragog.
they turn around and flee in terror back to the top of the stairs!
he looks down at some mail.
his style cramped by his cast.
a match is dragged across a headboard; the dude is lighting himself a joint.
after a moment, audrey switches the safety back on.
she stands over the frenchman.
the tree attacks them.
he glances around.
she comes out closing the door.
both the policemen turn slowly toward jamal.
barnes recalls the muzzle flashes in the window.
she turns again to the window so he won't see that she is crying.
they look casually to john, and continue talking.
jane sits by the fire, drying her hair.
she bends down and fastens the lace on his trainer.
as the massive door opens, hundreds of people stand staring out as daylight starts to flood the interior.
dante throws the canister away.
a bone comes loose in his hand as rats scurry about and leap at him from all directions.
she glances nervously over her shoulder as the v8 barrels after her.
gabriel flies upwards and batters michael against the ceiling.
the kid swings the door open to willie, who stands on the stoop holding a small grip.
the man lifts his arms, and david pats his clothes.
as thorwald's attention is drawn back to the second policeman to answer further questions, the first policeman takes lisa by the arm and leads her out of the apartment.
they start to follow him.
don smooths out his tie.
hermione stands at a distance.
snape walks over to him.
he notices the dog watching the young couple.
quirrell reaches out towards him, then crashes to the ground.
once they are gone, elsa turns to indy.
she gingerly reaches out to touch his smiling face.
she goes up after him and gives him the ticket.
suddenly, from nowhere a german soldier flies into frame, tackling indy.
a videocassette encased in the customary black box flips repeatedly, held by an impatient grasp.
he clings onto the reins, shaking with fear, as the queen gets closer and closer, gliding over the smooth marble floor.
smith takes off his hat and glances at the door.
gatsby runs out, knocking over a lamp as he goes.
he hails a waiter.
he looks back down at his lap.
mage: elendil's body falls like a crumpled rag doll.
mary goes to the desk, rings a small pushbell.
we see the emperor, von strack, orsini-rosenberg, bonno and von swieten, all applauding.
the police escort her away, and sandy comes out of the office.
sparks fly as they spin them round and strike the stone floor.
blank, calm water; the skiff enters and passes full length below us, the children asleep in it; blank water again; again the fox barks.
the hostess leaves.
he takes it and draws it shakily towards him.
then, normally, makes to follow her in the dance.
chili exchanges a look with karen who sits back now.
high-stepping white horses trot out of the snow-covered forest, drawing handsome sleighs full of students well-wrapped against the cold.
he looks directly back at her, leans in and smiles slowly.
sunlight streams in from the terraces through the narrow windows set high in the stark walls.
standing beside some giant mutant maggot or something.
a faint light appears far away above the roof tops gradually getting nearer.
she presses the button.
she puts a pillow next to the dog and lies down on her back.
david is in the lead; the women follow, holly slightly behind april.
he is only half listening to lola.
outside the window to reggie's room is a small, false balcony, consisting mostly of railing, with barely enough room between it and the building's facade for a man to stand.
gittes looks up, sees palmer standing in the doorway, looking taut and a little drawn.
neff picks the phone up and answers.
holmes closes his eyes.
he runs a little awkwardly because of the improvised cast on his left foot.
jamal blinks awake from his vision and punches salim instead.
the innkeeper's gang posing as customers who have been loitering outside come in, explaining to a fifth man who is a newer recruit a story from monsieur thenardier's past.
carl snogs her.
a young boy touches whip's arm.
annie walks up to her door.
the queen stares thoughtfully at the tv.
debbie faces pete and raises her arms.
he stares at the ring, as if transfixed.
percy releases sandra, letting her stumble hysterically into the room.
he looks completely stunned.
his skeletal hands reach for elsa's throat, choking her.
joe looks shocked.
it's being eaten away.
he nods and goes.
the sulky, young man clamors out and addresses parker.
al-saleem appears on screen.
inspecting dillinger, purvis barely slows his leisurely stride, then leaves with his agents.
her head turns to him as he gets into bed beside her.
the escaping man, a silhouette, out of the light, runs with all his strength, putting distance between himself and the ss.
his superior walks away.
at the front of the store, desi hangs a christmas garland.
he glances around and tucks his napkin down the front of his shirt.
leaving hermione in the filthy living room.
grimsrud stares at him, then turns back to the window.
harry hides behind a wall clutching a basilisk fang.
his eyes are dark-rimmed, red and staring.
magarri wipes away a tear.
she checks her watch.
he sidles up and whispers to her.
neff opens the door.
his face long, graham pulls to a stop and climbs out.
a look at his face shows he doesn't think much of it.
george has been once more standing on the belt of her bath robe, so as she goes, her robe comes off.
a close-up of a nervous, perspiring, and panting mickey alone in his apartment appears on the screen as his voice is heard.
with his finger, rubs various parts of the charcoal drawing, rose's hand, forehead and face.
he follows up the kicks with a few punches.
we see paulie's face at the moment of his deflowering: he's comically wide-eyed with shock.
gatsby sits on his bed, holding daisy close to him.
the images disappear.
he shakes his head in disbelief and takes a photo of the closet.
he stops and turns to face her.
she sits up again.
as they sail off, we hear their voices as the boat recedes.
as everyone waits, john's father stretches out to look up the aisle.
jones smirks and sips his drink.
everyone turns to face.
abby looks round at her.
the driver opens his fly and takes a leak all over zus who tries to protect his face with his hands.
aragorn re-sheathes the sword.
she reels in shock.
seen from a hillside, the lights of lillian twinkle in the darkness.
as she runs for the back door and pushes through it.
he shuts the door on joe who looks shocked.
the living room is dominated by a large oil portrait of nathan and florence, gazing out from the wall over the mantelpiece.
he tosses the ice back.
he spots bobby's toothbrush.
mickey and holly sit at one of the tables; a candle burns in its holder on the tabletop.
looking down the side of the house we see loomis and brackett walk up to the front porch.
angle on: shadowfax rears up and strikes at denethor who falls back onto the pyre.
at the front door, hagrid welcomes his guests.
andrews stands by the fireplace, gazing at a painting.
so he discards the gun and grabs howard's arms.
sam glances anxiously across veronica who holds onto her seat belt.
brackett smiles as loomis walks up behind him.
she returns to her work, still ignoring him.
he waves the three women and their food inside.
the dude, now standing in a field of black, reacts to the advancing germans.
the man grins evilly, clearly demented.
he takes out his watch.
she moves toward him as though to hit him.
she shoots him a disdainful look and gets out.
we cannot tell what she is feeling.
he gets out of the car and paces down the sidewalk.
schultz stamps the certificate, hands it to majorek, who gives it to father.
tight on joe as he sees, among them, alice.
who quickly lowers his gaze and sips his drink.
hermione steps hurriedly back onto her square.
he holds it up and thompson pulls out the message.
forrest rolls over and pulls his pack off lt. dan lies next to forrest.
they begin to fight.
howard heads after them, filming as he goes.
the hum of the ring grows louder and louder!
as they go on talking, they walk from the cloak room, through the vestibule, to the street, don carrying his coat over his arm.
glumly she steps into the room, and looks at all the clothes piled up on the bed.
a bone hovers in the air under wormtail's control, he drops it into the cauldron.
asael fires his gun blind, the smoke obscuring his vision.
aunt marge floats away like a huge balloon.
we see her outline, pacing up and down behind the blinds, smoking a cigarette.
dante grabs the dog and wrestles it.
there is quiet for a moment, then the door begins to open, and we see lila.
a slytherin sails over the beaters head and shoots accurately at the hoop.
the creature has a skull-like face with huge mandibles.
amos comes up to a middle-aged woman in the first row, a quieter moment.
sweating in the oppressive darwin heat, he looks up as the drove thunders into town.
the two girls go to join their mother.
from the other side of the room, kay clears his throat.
annie and lindsey wallace, a pretty little nine-year-old, stands in the doorway framed by the hall light.
john switches off the bathroom light and goes to bed, lying with the pillow clamped to his ears.
the large snake whispers to the figure hidden in the armchair.
one of them is bert gordon.
gollum's out-stretched hand suddenly grasps frodo's arm pulling him safely onto the ledge.
outside balmoral, the queen walks with some corgis.
it's luna, wearing the blue and white spectrespecs, advertised on the quibbler.
he still has the locket around his neck.
he turns away from the basin looks towards the door and he is alone.
all is quiet.frodo peers uneasily into the darkened living room.
a strong wind buffets the hospital.
he drops his.
he dutifully taps sophie on the shoulder and she turns to face eleanor.
he gulps back some more vodka.
abby looks down at her notes.
the ghost of sir nicolas floats into the great hall where the students are sitting at long tables.
as arriving lawmen lead dillinger inside, cameras flash.
he points up at the screen with a laser pencil.
abby is flushed and stunned.
the reservoir is below.
he looks unconvinced.
joe pulls out his crushed make-up kit.
carl's face falls.
harry pulls out, starts driving again.
lola steps out of the car.
the mercedes pulls away from the shoulder.
dumbledore sweeps his wand over the room.
the last.pauses in the middle of the span.he faces the balrog.staff in one hand.sword in the other!
maynard stands in front of them, fire extinguisher in one hand, shotgun in the other, and marsellus' .45 sticking in his belt.
one of the twins gives a signal.
he crosses to a table, takes a cigarette from a box, and strikes a match.
the gift-wrapped safe-breaking equipment loaded into the sack, willie and marcus head for the mall.
the fellowship race down the stairway, aragorn picks up frodo.leaping across a gaping chasm.
tom scans about and sees the attractive actress marlene moon.
he nears a stone doorway.
malcolm stumbles back onto the edge of the bed.
she walks along by the truck, her arms folded,
as he moves through the crowded platform.
the possessed stand with their heads bowed, a walkway between them.
he points to the cigarette she just lit, still practically brand-new in the ashtray.
he drops them onto the floor and stomps on them.
his face looks tired and gray, but his eyes are alert, wary.
she hits hard, the branches rattling, and reaches out and hangs on for dear life, high above the ground.
she begins to cry softly.
forrest plays ping-pong by himself.
as 6000 horsemen hold their spears aloft!
indy picks up another cup, a simple earthenware jug.
a floodlight plays on rambo's face.
professor mcgonagall and ron help harry to dumbledore's study.
holden rolls the ball.
he turns and runs the hell away.
they go in the barber shop.
the three of them stand silently for a moment.
he falls over.
as the kid unlocks the door, willie pulls out a cotch and puts on a black balaclava.
then another move and his blade enters the count's right shoulder, the same spot inigo was wounded.
he holds up the real vintage phone, which is massive.
the original policeman is leading nathan to a table where a white-smocked technician is preparing inkpad and exemplar sheets.
a mustachioed man stands.
this gets bones' attention.
jefferies glances out across to the other apartments as he sees.
berger, a slight, middle-aged man, observes the couple from a distance.
moving quickly, dyle lashes out and hacks scobie's gun hand with the side of his palm and the gun falls to the roof.
forty-odd friends and neighbors, darkly dressed.
hoffman is sitting on his yacht, moored by a jetty near his large house.
she brings out a revolver.
this is the smile he has been waiting for.
people all over the country gather in front of tvs to watch.
they whisper.
walt's gran torino pulls up outside smokie's house.
the house is very dilapidated.
sausage sends the cue ball down the table and the game begins at once.
a man is asleep in a compartment.
evelle is already emerging from the bedroom with the baby in his arms.
posted near the box office, he looks across the street.
bob freezes, staring at the two doors.
the officials stand at a window overlooking the room.
his blood-stained hand lets go of red's shoulder.
beaming she puts down her champagne.
the car rises into the air smashing into a branch and scattering spiders.
she places it on the other one.
he turns, teasing in his slightly flirtatious way with women.
the cops look round.
he's got a wound in the middle of his chest.
a title appears with an arrow pointing at the woman's face.
she crawls to the kitchen, rolls inside an slams the kitchen door behind her.
smooth rocks sculpted by the wind and the beautiful countryside of the peak district stretching out to the horizon.
carl pours a brandy for rick.
lenny looks up to see evan, his jaw drops.
a bell tolls urgently!
as harry moves away from the window.
jeff is sober.
on the platform, the leaders join in perfunctorily.
zoe slings a red rucksack over her shoulder and stands looking up at kate's apartment building.
the alley is empty.
anna looks frantically for her mother.
this newcomer is police detective lieutenant thomas j.
leopold lowers the lid of the harpsichord and lifts up his little son to stand on it.
spectators stand and cheer on the race.
there is a rapid blur as the pov drives the butcher knife into the sister's chest and out again almost before we've seen it.
there is an awkward silence as she leaves and slams the bedroom door.
professor mcgonagall stops beside a patched and battered wizard's hat perched on a stool in front of the high table.
abby talks to stuart wardlow, 60's, kphx's curmudgeonly general manager.
fats opens his palms for the sprinkling of the talcum powder.
joe starts applying the make-up to her eyelids.
norman, a los angeles tv producer and mickey's former partner, is driving down a peaceful street lined with palm trees.
she smiles triumphantly.
martin is thrown by the passion and heart of her performance.
smiling incredulously, audrey wraps the bloody child in a towel and offers it to charlie.
the sail is raised and ivan gets slowly to his feet.
he watches dil go as the lift takes him back up to the site.
for a moment laurie looks around cautiously before searching down the sidewalk again.
he looks hard towards willa and preacher o.s.from john's viewpoint in tableau of decorous courtship, framed by heavy domestic bodies.
as he reloads his piece, a shadow looms above his head.
the bottom corner of the mirror has a piece missing.
loach tries to ease him down the path.
the dude has left frame; walter calls after him.
smeagol's fingers tightening around frodo's neck -- squeezing the life out of him.
the whores cluster round her, hands reaching out to draw her in to their world.
he gestures to a constable, who turns from the crowd and marches to khan, seizing him by the arm and marching him to the paddy wagon.
the group continues to cheer as they all toast hannah.
edwards just stares, fascinated, but kay grabs him by the arm and hurries him along.
the tritium sphere begins to attract metals to it.
they go to the elevator where he opens the door for her.
flashing through peter's mind are the spiders, the dna, the helix being split and another part being fused in sending a surge of power through the rest.
the blankets bloom once again when, down the hall, a toilet flushes.
nick heads into the kitchen, donning his white apron.
rambo's boat rounds a headland and comes upon the pirates' motorboat, floating near a bank.
cal smiles with disbelief, then suddenly relents and takes out his wallet.
the valet tries the handle.
he weaves between slow-moving traffic and scurries into the shadows.
push in on cary, to closeup, looking past camera, terrified.
mickey stops and shakes ed's hand as if he'd known the official would be there.
they sit side by side, forearms on knees, in a nondescript waiting area.
kallenbach is smiling too.
night falls and they danced and twist on the mattress in the lamp-lit bedroom.
he looks up sharply at her, and then without comment goes back to counting the money.
evan yawns, bringing his hand to his mouth, but there's no hand.
the cia men are sitting together.
hannah is scooping seeds out of a cantaloupe.
adam, before hanging up, reflects on tex's words, then looks behind him.
a spotlight picks carl out.
gatsby steps up.
a lift arrives.
the agent stares solemnly.
as he lets out a bashful sigh disturbing the fake mustache.
dante puts up cigarettes.
they look up, dumbstruck and mortified, from the sofa where the have been watching tv.
louise gets out of the car and goes inside.
john moves to stand in front of him; pearl, to stand beside preacher, with the doll.
a ball is hit.
david and elise arrive in another identical records room.
jerry enters and sits on the foyer chair to take off his galoshes.
they hug each other.
the hall lights flicker on and off.
he kicks the corsac out of a door and into the canal.
at a check-in desk at the airport, carl and allison stand facing a uniformed woman with thick, fair hair.
the color guard hustles up the aisle to draw up behind the two men leading tommy to the gibbet.
mary remains on threshold a moment, then crosses to the desk, talking as she goes.
inside, there are piles of sophisticated-looking devices stacked on shelves and tabletops.
he is looking off as the car slows.
malfoy and his cronies make a run for it.
norma's face can be seen in the porthole window on the other side of the pantry's swinging door.
dillinger wriggles his opened pants downward.
santa still looks seedy but has at least bothered to put his white beard on.
he puts one in ron's mouth.
snape points his lighted wand at harry.
snow falls gently on the spires and roofs of hogwarts.
nick finds rat poison.
seated outside a waterfront warehouse, he wears a sober frown.
frederick follows at a distance.
harry pulls up his trouser leg and shows lucius his bad ankle.
gittes gives him an irritated glance.
she reaches out and they embrace.
once she's gone, the moody looking indian guy from the bar runs over and shoves willie.
lt. dan throws carla back onto the bed.
tommy blindly stumbles around, madly swinging the tire thumper.
peter, on an upper level overlooking the dinosaur, harry leads david to another door.
an older guy dancing with a younger woman.
the members of dumbledore's army take their punishment.
the boys catch their breath.
catlett looks at chili again.
david makes a beeline for the dance floor where daisy talks with a middle-aged woman and an elderly man.
they stroll through the garden together.
i open at the close.
a wheelbarrow stands marooned.
he draws her to him slowly and kisses her.
and one of the women is vanessa, looking vaguely detached.
zus comes up behind them and shoots them both on the head.
as he tries to focus through his delirium, oil splashes onto his chest and.
again everybody springs into action.
fergus and dil climb slowly upstairs.
satnam disconnects and turns to his wife aponna.
as they shake hands, george feels a physical revulsion.
dave holds natalie up as they leave the photo area.
poising his wand, he looks out over the sea of dementors on the other side of the lake.
quince leads the way through the lights and music.
he has his tie in his hand as he fastens his shirt.
in a dingy, wet part of town, draco's mother narcissa walks along a narrow alley, with bellatrix lestrange.
the beauxbatons girls look worried.
jenny gets into bed next to forrest.
she lets go.
over to his left, he sees a crumpled ridge of plastic sheeting begin to fold in on itself.
clinging for dear life to the web, he swings to the air like tarzan on a creeper and lands running on the roof opposite.
elsa, donovan and vogel travel in the open car.
she speaks.
he puts on his hat, and goes toward the door.
neff comes into the room and throws his briefcase on the plush davenport and tosses his hat on top of it.
they reach a clearing through clouds and bright sunlight as whip levels out.
but he is too late -- she is safely inside.
he points to the edge of the stands, where his friend is sitting on the dirt.
slowly he lifts her and carries her to the davenport.
which makes edward antsier.
he glances back at diana as the snake slithers into his pants.
he passes out.
puffing on a cigar, jameson waves betty away dismissively.
benjamin, queenie, and tizzy are amongst the mourners.
neville, luna, ginny and ron run to meet them.
she strides up to the table and pours a cup of tea.
the interior of the station is a mystical sight.
san francisco, set against the azure ocean.
sam throws himself to the ground.
we see that his left hand rests on the telephone receiver which is close to him.
looks down at the blood blossoming on his robes.
he watches her, as she looks down longingly at the pasta.
his hand reaches out.
the movie cuts to mickey's face.
the armchair is shoved into the back of a car.
the monitor goes blank, except for a data screen.
uncle billy folds potter's paper over the envelope containing his money, and flings his final taunt at the old man.
one is dry-mopping the floor, the other is moving chairs back into position, etc.
the buzzer sounds on filter, then the phone is lifted.
out on the street, the yellow and green bus doors open and a stream of maids stepped down.
everett and the rest of the soggy bottom boys descend the last couple of steps to meet the oncoming criminal.
nehru grins, captured by gandhi's seriousness, and his humor.
trees drip and the grass shines, still wet from last night's rain.
brandishing another blade, he goes after holmes and sim.
he looks up to find his faded shoes still dangling from the power line, along with the rest of the town's.
it looks ridiculous because she is too tall to hold her like she is a baby.
breaks another's knee and lays out the third.
all three are strapped to fezzik like papooses.
his voice sounds just fine, but he does not move.
he takes the litter out into the backyard in a plastic bin bag.
kurt and nick start across the landing, where life size cat figurines rest on small podiums.
cars zoom past in the rain.
and with quiet pride, watches his flock, young and old, busily building a new camp.
people drop what they are doing and flee.
he watches icey leave, o.s.
andy finds nigel vetting one of the models.
watching her go, trish clutches a plate and drying cloth.
he puts it on don's head, the bouncer pulls him through the door.
mrs. deveridge stands in her door, peering up.
george's mouth is cut and bleeding.
now, sandy walks into the living room, and sees his two young daughters sleeping on the couch.
abby's taking deep breaths as mike comes in with the bikini babes.
audrey gets in the van and shuts the door.
and his mouth opens in surprise.
the tip of her wand glows.
and then he smiles: the deep, satisfied smile of a man who just now understands the punch line of a joke he heard long ago.
rose's mother and her friends stroll nearby.
they fly over mountains.
indy and roscoe stare at the horn in amazement as they continue to struggle.
neff is zipping up his briefcase.
as the drive away, billie peers through the back window, sitting between two agents.
they reach the window to find no one there.
daisy turns to benjamin.
voldemort takes it in his long, bony fingers.
theoden lies dying beneath it.
and defiantly pours the remains of her blue slushie into the urn.
mj manages to retain her balance.
myrtle wiggles her hips, pulls her red dress off her shoulder and holds her arms in the air.
the boys turn to go, but hermione hangs back.
he sits back.
in slow motion he hears a spit word being propelled from a blow pipe.
harry is thrown onto his back.
harry suddenly cries out in pain.
fabienne is still sniffling.
he pulls at his collar.
he fishes what money he has left from his pocket.
debbie slowly shakes her head.
and he presses lightly on westley's chest.
a town sits in the distance across the water.
two crew members pull her on board.
he puts the robe with the slippers inside it into the case.
wearing pajamas, kate wanders down the hallway towards a dull, flickering light emanating from the lounge.
she carries a small beaded bag.
moves a little further back as mulwray rounds the bend in the river and comes face to face with the mexican boy on the muddy banks.
they are watched by men in a white four-by-four.
holly smokes a cigarette as she talks on the phone to hannah.
theoden on his horse, circling amongst them.
he sees man with his arm protectively round a girl but does not recognize valjean as valjean has averted his face.
he looks uncannily like the real valjean.
mozart shuts the door.
he bursts out.
the professor finally notices what's written there.
she runs straight across it and hides herself behind one of the tables.
a greenhouse window is forced open.
graham turns to look at his brother.
kurt lowers his window.
salim forces latika into a waiting car.
then, glances out of the restaurant doorway.
vince points to mia's right breast.
the paper bag hugged to his chest explodes milk as it hits the toilet rim and the satchel pulverizes tile as it crashes to the floor.
harry strides through the school courtyard followed by hagrid.
the mannequins in all the fashion windows she passes applaud her.
natalie shoots ryan a look.
inside, sitting in the darkness is aunt may wrapped in her padded housecoat.
he turns and faces her.
her aged mother meets her eye.
lenny looks back at the model airplane.
as he rubs diana's leg, a businessman enters the executive fitness center.
barty jr rolls up his sleeve to reveal a skull and snake marking.
heaving up again, she wrenches herself away from the pain.
they show id.
the elvator at the end of the hall opens and a fat girl walks toward us with an envelope in her hand.
they both knit and unknit their fingers.
he straightens up as chili exits the stairwell and walks up to him.
he jumps off a ladder and hustles over to nicole, kissing her.
the picture, a map is sitting between jenny and helen on the back seat.
a blanket is draped around his shoulders.
two men emerge from the minibus and approach a makeshift tent.
a cat screams out from a broken wicker rocker.
he sticks some fake fangs in.
a sneer curdles the corners of snape's lips.
nick smashes him through a window.
greene gets into a car, glances up at the cia agents and grins.
just then the spot lights that illuminate the roof sign come to life.
several cars drive out of the darkness towards the diner.
the winged bombs surge after peter and harry gets caught in the swarm.
the cave troll is sweeping his club at aragorn.who stumbles backwards.
with the hymn still playing, the screen goes black briefly.
jan hesitates, then withdraws his hands.
m. m.'s escort snatches it from his hand.
she pushes audrey away.
hi nods as he pulls away from the curb.
the next morning, he shows her out of the apartment.
dumbledore smiles, raises his eyebrows, nods, then backs away.
as peter listens, flint's eyes become distant as he thinks back.
we follow her to the women who are busying themselves with the fudge.
the fury suddenly dies, abruptly and completely, and he sinks back into his chair.
he speaks into his cuff mike.
chili follows her gaze and we see.
as clarence speaks, george cocks his head curiously, favoring his deaf ear, more interested in his hearing than in what clarence has said.
in his garage, walt works on the fan with thao.
he starts moving forward towards something.
as benjamin walks around the vehicle, the chauffeur helps thomas out of the car.
renault presses a button on his desk, triggering a buzzer.
verdell lies just inside the front door whimpering for melvin.
he is looking straight ahead.
fireworks, like a thousand silver stars, shoot up into the night sky.
gandalf and pippin's faces turn as the wooden doors shudder under another blow.
a man sits filming him.
sarah walks into the army operations room.
he pulls out his sword.
daisy wears a searching expression.
the other boys lie flat on the ice, forming a human chain.
colin, in a white doctor's jacket, talks on the phone while going over patient files.
heads turn when he makes his punctual appearance.
jack steps up to their table and, reaching over bjorn, grabs two glasses of beer.
using two hair dryers, she melts it down, and eureka!
the guys leave.
he runs his hands over his face.
problem is, the sun's setting, so there's no glare at all.
a cigarette smoking receptionist leads the way through the sprawling open plan office to the editor's office, where a short, middle aged man is dwarfed by his big desk.
he lowers the under carriage.
harry knocks over furniture to slow it down.
as she soars into the sky, harry and lupin watch from the lake's edge.
an open touring car struggling along the bumpy trail.
sam pulls a stunned, reluctant rick to the train.
speedboats throw up foaming wakes on the water.
she rises and walks around the table at the head of the room.
he grabs for something to keep him afloat.
the professors rise to their feet.
snape looks eyes with dumbledore, bellatrix glares.
it is gower the druggist.
he breaks into a run, then tears open his shirt to reveal the spider-man costume.
carol is amused, surprised.
he gestures to the door.
dillinger rounds a corner and spies a group of agents around the radio.
having seen the claw, he rises and walks to the very edge of the level part of the roof.
jane rushes out of the ceremony.
diana spots big chuck's wallet and car keys on a small table and her smile fades.
rose inhales then blows the smoke in her mother's direction.
harry looks into the mirror of erised.
she is suddenly blotted out by a figure of a man who enters the picture from the left side.
he rises and makes an awkward exit.
whip leaves.
harry congratulates him.
elizabeth leefolt looks through her front curtains and then nods to aibileen, who slides the chicken dish over a crack in the veneer of the dining table.
david is following.
octavius stretches out the spear-like limb towards spider- man.
feathers drift down around them.
ben lies lethargically on his couch, staring at his mobile phone on the coffee table.
the first drops of sweat are gathering on his forehead.
kyle glances down at percy, who is crouched low, leaning against a ledge.
george rapidly searches his pockets for identification, but without success.
buttercup is frozen with fear.
the martini family is moving.
his arms, stretched high over his head, are tied to a tree limb.
briefly greeting the children, lizzie hurries inside, where jane has come to meet her.
he joins a nervous-looking hermione, both in their morphed shapes of mafalda and albert.
the crowd is paniced and rushing all over.
he looks at the paper ruefully, shaking his head.
mr. loomis closes the door and pushes ben back down the hall.
standing outside an apartment door, one shoots the top and bottom hinges.
later, hilly and her friends are standing by their cars.
he is salivating with anticipation as he stares at the feast of sweet things.
a manager walks in.
and as the creature descends upon him, in the silence before the final lunge -- nelec says, eerily quietly, terrified.
he disappears.
he senses her eyes, glances over, his cheeks filled with a mouthful of food, swallows embarrassedly.
he flashes a puckish grin.
he hugs her, letting her put her head on his shoulder, stroking her hair and rocking her gently.
the goon sees him.
cho chang gives him a weak smile.
but nehru feels he has an antidote for that despair.
he puts a macy's bag on the bar.
harry yanks it open revealing house elf.
she begins putting her equipment back into her black bag.
ron catches scabbers and slumps down near the whomping willow with its twisted trunk.
the guys drive down a leafy, suburban street.
graham walks back to merrill.
they collide on a bend and ram into a rock.
salieri pours the coins out of the bag onto the coverlet.
a gentle creak is heard and harry's eyes shift, see snape pass through the great doors, converge with dumbledore.
marcus shakes his head as santa makes his way into the grotto, bumping into one of the kids as he does so.
ben is walking a step or two behind elaine.
he laughs; hi doesn't react.
walter's eyes, burning with hatred, are locked on dieter's.
he closes his eyes.
a noise wakes walt from his slumbers.
the movie leaves the kitchen and cuts to the doorway between the dining room and the living room.
the kid turns the radio up.
flitwick passes the trio.
szpilman walks on, hears a noise, looks back to see a second child trying to wriggle through the same hole.
the escort is grabbed and flung out of bed.
mae mobley runs up to aibileen.
bleeker reaches for a box.
simon laughs -- as she crosses to the bathroom and begins to prepare a bath.
tight shots of hal, max, etc., all looking intently at the screen.
everett sniffs and, catching a scent, squints.
his eyes continue to follow some phantom movement.
holden aiming his gun at him.
she wears man's shoes, heavy with mud; a rough skirt; a shapeless sweater hangs over her shoulders; she is in her middle sixties and wears a man's old hat.
they both turn to the door and juno's face lights up.
frodo follows her.as if drawn by an invisible force.
louise yanks open her car door, gets in and slams the door and fires up the engine.
two headlights appear in the darkness, backlighting the rain that pours down on a lonely strip of highway.
the swarm reaches the edge of manhattan.
in the gloom, his torch beam shows the drill which is wrapped around the gears.
peter looks around.
students crowd into the cloisters.
mouth agape, adrienne straightens away from the computer screen.
a slat in the window blind drops back into place.
the red flag falls, the pole sliced through.
he points his wand at viktor's body as if to finish him off, harry runs up and intervenes.
evan secretly listens in from the hallway.
featuring judge broomfield and the clerk.
harry starts to take another drink, looks at chili, not moving.
bones motions with the gun and he turns to face the painting over the sofa.
he sips whiskey.
everett looks at the man in the rearview mirror as he pulls out.
icey pivots and we pan over her to children by river.
then slides down a thread towards mary jane, cradling harry's head in her arms.
he reads the note.
dumbledore is on his feet flourishing his wand around his head, whipping up the fire.
rick moves out of the shadows and into view.
she follows harry into the kitchen, leaving pop and george.
viktor krum takes her hand and they walk together.
tom picks nick up and twirls him around.
collins glances at him in surprise as he steers the car around another procession of camels heading toward the port.
javert is handed a letter.
he puts his wand to his temple.
the camera moves up the hotel's facade, past its welcoming flags, to its ornate windows several floors up.
it is a happy, gay affair.
the whole school rises to its feet.
a brown ciera with dealer plates is pulling into the drive.
dead germans are searched.
the dude, wearing shorts and a bowling shirt, turns to look.
they turn to look.
eddie takes his beer to the back room.
he keeps looking at her.
gandalf throws a blanket over it, angry disbelief on his face!
he stops to let a carriage cross, and is about to walk on when something catches his eye.
reaching the top, dillinger stops, scanning a huge bank with angular walls lined with pillars.
her legs flop.
he removes a nut from the rod and discards the fan.
latika stands in the street drenched in the torrential rain as jamal and salim sit in a shelter.
sidney zips up his fly as he rounds a corner into a white- walled corridor.
he grabs her.
with blades drawn, it targets spider-man.
he turns and speaks to the picture.
nathan is oblivious.
they sit there for a long time without saying anything, ben's hand touching her shoulder.
the lawmen lower their weapons.
it's a grouping of headlights, eight of them, all pointed at him, sealing off the road.
bilbo is extremely old and frail.
as she starts to fall.
she licks her lips.
he walks into the living room and sits down in front of a widescreen tv.
louise starts to back away, but the gun is still close to his face.
suddenly a foot reaches out and trips tommy.
nicole watches him.
he speeds past the defending players.
he turns and sees jude is there.
ron indicates the name of the door.
grimsrud takes the cigarette from his mouth and stubs it in his ashtray.
they step aside, and the giant hagrid picks katie up.
thompson faces them.
as they sit up, they hear laughter.
then the young man puts in his shot.
tess looks puzzled as jane walks out.
he puts the handbag into one of the suitcases -- the one which he has almost completed filling.
scabbers becomes a goblet with a waving rat's tail.
he slips away through the barricade, which is still rising.
he looks at the wallet, then at the car.
the piston arms pump, picking up paper, setting it on the platen, and printing on it.
the brunette, with high cheek bones, turns the little car into an alley off the road.
a cat scampers past and walt draws his gun.
vincent's eyes burn at malcolm.
gandhi rides on an open howdah on an elephant, his mind locked in sober reflection.
as the music starts, the ladies curtsy and the men bow.
close on the water-soaked paper impression: the rubbing taken from the shield of the grail knight.
the smokey pub is lit with candles.
and with that she turns back to the jukebox.
david's eyes dart up as the slicked haired man turns the corner at the information booth.
headed his way in a car, baum peers ahead, over the steering wheel.
she puts down her glass and slides along the window seat nearer to him, the camera closing in.
carl looks fearful.
helen trails after them, acutely embarrassed.
the pinnacle snaps.
the host slaps jamal on the back and wraps his arm around his shoulders.
further on, with malbin, bella, and shulman behind him, he comes into a clearing.
he is in his office; he leans back in his chair, dangling his stethoscope as he speaks.
holly turns away.
szpilman slips off his bunk, hurries to the door, opens it and comes face to face with a german nco and soldiers.
she arches her back and looks up at him provocatively.
ferris leans out of the window and shoots at them.
sue leads walt down into the basement,
the noise startles him.
small winged objects flit above their heads.
harry pulls a face.
once they might have been a fort, now the kind of resemble stonehenge.
the small figure of frodo pushing the elvish boat into the water.
joseph is breathing hard again as he finishes with the weights and comes around to david.
he immediately empties his pockets of his own mail taken earlier in the day from his college office and finds the envelope with the venice postmark.
a fly begins to buzz around gladys's head.
he barely reacts as we hear a loud knocking at he reads.
he crumbles down over the rocks towards the water.
thelma comes careening up in reverse.
it sits frozen with a plate of half-eaten, now moldy eggs at one setting and two bowls of colorful cereal in another.
drover is busy with bull with the red beard.
she gives ripper brandy and glares at harry.
as he peers out, he breathes against the glass.
a soldier gets an arrow in the back as he tries to escape and then one in the head.
neff stops by the cashier's desk and buys a pack of cigarettes.
there is a christmas tree all decorated near the fireplace.
he has evidently made the wrong turn back in the passageway.
he lifts the top two coats slightly, and slides the handbag under them and out of sight.
she puts an arm on his shoulder and squeezes affectionately.
he is signing some papers.
and he uses the hat rack first as a spear, then as a club, as the brief savage attack begins.
they play an octave, harsh, toneless, with straight fingers.
morgan steps falteringly up to the table, leaving bo at the sink.
the guard presses the intercom.
he stoops to read it.
mozart stands there looking very unwell and bewildered.
harry creeps into a moon lit corridor, where filch's red- eyed cat is lurking.
sam lands heavily.
rose follows her fiancee, cal hockley, through the crowd.
christian comes out of the bathroom in a towel.
she tilts his glass back.
karl pushes against the side of the house until it fits.
people walk onto other decks which are spread all over the ark.
it turns red.
as he leads rosmerta and mcgonagall inside, we cut back to hermione and ron.
they start out of the sunroom.
she places sadie's computer, phone and tablet on her bed, then leaves.
the steward pulls the necklace from the pocket.
he smiles and joins his hands together to exchange godse's greeting.
the stern faced g-man turns gravely towards purvis and nods.
he turns over and tips his head back on a cushion on the arm of the sofa.
gatsby rests his chin on his hand.
philip strolls to another side of the room and watches the tv crew and the queen.
most of the passengers are asleep, including josephine.
behind him, the doors of a cabinet swing open.
he passes a rack of large, upright mortar shells.
it swings open -- -- revealing edwards on the other side, breathing hard.
pete flips her off after she's gone.
they smile in awe.
she is pretty limp.
as lizzie is about to follow, her mother appears.
his eyes are suddenly turned in another direction, sharply to his left.
police swarm all over the warehouse.
-- and he falls, screaming, to his death.
doyle is relaxed.
the woozy marsellus gets to his feet.
quickly, he peers back out and throws another shot.
rose watches a tearful woman hug her husband.
nick's caught up in the tide of people surging towards the mansion.
they continue on, deep into the dark tunnel.
everett, still trying to get penny's attention, looks up, stunned at the ovation.
jeff puts down the long-focus lens, and turns around toward the room.
bob's feet leave the floor.
indy leads henry down the hallway as he searches for elsa.
just then a muffled shatter-crash.
the portrait swings back and they go into the common room.
aragorn scours ahead of the company, as they stumble on in the fading light.in the distance the shimmer of a large forest can be seen.lothlorien.
they scuttle across the floor, up the wall, over the stone window sill, and out through a crack in the glass.
elijah starts to the back of the store which we now see is some type of art gallery where all the framed pictures are images and sketches from comic books.
he climbs in his car and starts the engine.
a young woman cavorts on a couch.
elliot reluctantly returns to the conversation, but he can't help turning his head to gaze at the offscreen lee as the other man chatters on.
kate yanks the door angrily.
he produces his wand.
richardson's hat blows off.
handsome, dark haired , 30 something jackson, leaps off his couch when he was sleeping
a watchtower at a military camp surrounded by razor wire.
as he collapses at the bottom, the black head and shoulders of mrs. bates plunges into the foreground as the camera moves in to contain the raising and descending murder weapon.
again, he shakes his head.
the ark moves away from the mount everest.
they sit down on the grass.
he has stepped down from the train.
he coughed up blood onto the back of his hand.
jim raises his eyebrows.
stella also turns, interrupting her.
a polite little laugh; jinnah introduces him.
a long moment, as gandhi meets his pain and wrath.
seeing this, kitty quickly runs over to the house.
the light brown curtains flap in the breeze like loosened sails.
they hear the elevator gate.
he flashes a smile.
he crosses his study and sinks down onto a short flight of steps.
the scream all but buries the singing.
ben holds one of the doors open for them and stands politely to one side.
sam shoots gollum a hostile look and turns back to rummage in his knapsack.
he enters his cubicle.
jamal rushes salim.
cole does.
he looks into the next room, where some women are having tea.
harry stops and holds up the lantern.
yards from its end, rambo spots a burmese soldier pushing a young boy in front of him.
they finish their song, and ernie kisses bert on the forehead.
he strides off with carter and wickham.
jane walks out,
george paces about the kitchen, worried.
elijah is lying in a hospital bed.
he props up the x-rays.
aragon unhands his sword.
among them is harry, formally attired, as is john, who stands at the altar.
holmes and watson crouch low in the darkness as six armed guards march past.
peter and harry are amongst them.
he looks to his right, then at the crowd of passengers.
he scrapes the last of it onto his comb and starts combing his hair.
brody searches in his coat pocket for the map as a sinister man approaches.
frodo raises himself up and looks at gandalf.
he stands before it, hands apart.
evelyn turns into gittes.
he is weeping.
with a friendly smile, the man goes.
rambo and his men disembark from the boat.
standing on a moving walkway, ryan looks at the wedding invitation.
walter is still holding out the homework.
and lester kisses her on the lips.
taylor and barnes climb up.
queenie, who wears a pale orange dress, places her purse beside benjamin and whispers something to the bespectacled preacher.
aragorn spins away, reeling backwards, the palantir falling from his hands.
his mother sandra -- from whom he gets his good looks and practicality -- stands with him at the door.
there's nothing but sugar in the bowl, but lining the lid is a folded five-dollar bill.
names appear beside the white silhouetted symbols for a woman, then a man.
as he stares off, a figure appears.
the partition has been pulled aside.
david crosses to the woman and quickly untwists the wire from her wrists.
aragorn takes the sword staring at it in wonder.
salieri bows his head.
looking up, she spots the giggling stylists, who abruptly stop and look away.
many cars are parked outside the house, notably a sheriff's department squad car in the driveway.
she speeds across a bridge towards a leafy suburb.
mozart still dictating; salieri still writing without stop.
on the film, woodward is grabbed by a tentacle.
the room is gas lit, over furnished in the victorian manner.
we see cole's mouth under his covered eyes.
he notices jenny and runs toward her.
and if there is such a thing as collective action, then this crowd, collectively, holds its breath.
drover frowns in disbelief, then smiles and they embrace.
graham is on the phone as he looks out of his window at the yard.
gandalf ignorcs the children's cries.
hi gets in the car.
tim recalls a blissful-looking emily lying in bed with him and stroking his face.
he winces again.
juno is staring into a room with the door slightly ajar.
edgar is everything his voice led us to expect -- a nasty, bug-eyed redneck carrying a twelve-gauge shotgun.
thick cloud gradually clears, revealing low green hills far below.
ron counts his money.
looking confused, she sits up and sees harry who is clutching his arm in pain.
in the car park, donnie sits in the car smoking a joint, oblivious of the military activity around him.
near to breakdown, he gestures around the empty house.
creeping forward.
octavius closes his eyes.
the floor is covered with scattered books and papers, broken picture frames and feathers.
some of them biting hungrily on mounds of hard bread.
a woman pulls out gallon after gallon, looking deep into the cooler for that perfect container of milk.
he grabs his hand and shakes it.
stuart loosens his collar.
holding onto a flag pole, she swings her feet over railing one at a time then lowers herself onto the gun wheel.
sensing something, he looks up, cocks his head, and then slowly turns to look back.
he starts gently sponging it on.
as he leans and we tilt down, he extends his large hands.
he leads the way back toward the studio.
norman lets them out.
she rests her chin on his shoulder.
mr. blonde is walking towards the car he drove.
zus pats azael's neck, and for a moment rests his head against his brother's brow.
he walks into aisha's apartment and looks around, his face aglow with sweat.
locked.
he gives the others their vodka.
ferris gets out of the suv.
malcolm opens his eyes.
he takes it from his holder, slides it down his ass crack and has a good scrub.
david bumps a guy in line wearing an army jacket.
they see ryan.
she closes the door and looks in the direction of the tracks.
he's looking into a mirror.
he wipes them away.
the man picks up a suitcase, then gapes at the door, which bursts.
forrest, lying on his stomach, is wheeled to his bed.
her mobile phone rings as she's getting out.
mike leads abby onto the dance floor and spins her.
queenie opens the blanket to reveal the baby, which has an old and very wrinkled face.
ginny and harry exchange a look, before harry returns to their son.
harry lifts his head out of the bowl.
jenny carries her purse and walks toward a waiting cab.
hi turns to face her.
inside the plinth he finds a black chess piece concealed in the o.
he knows how to concede with grace.
david sits alone.
he remains on the swing and doesn't move.
then lowers his head, and slips on the mask to become spider-man once more.
willie reaches the front step, but he's too badly injured to go any further.
the others, still horrified.
purvis pats winstead's shoulder.
they catch sight of andy who's trying to creep back downstairs.
a line of dead ferrets is hanging nearby.
dobby waits holding wormtail's wand.
one jewish man hiding in a doorway peers towards the floodlit square where german guards are on duty in front of the barb wired entrance to the ghetto.
it opens, revealing a young demure house dressed.
the door opens and the policeman enters again, this time carrying a wicker basket which he deposits on grandpierre's desk, and leaves.
mike approaches abby's door.
the hand suddenly closes, clutching him tightly.
a cattle dealer strolls the other way.
he backpacks through india.
the water rises past his mouth, to his nostrils -- evan makes his peace and takes a final breath.
as he chews, his eyes scan the hellsapopinish restaurant.
into the bedroom comes the sister, 18, very pretty.
the scuffle spills over onto walt's lush green lawn and two garden gnomes are broken.
grimsrud, cheeks sunk, eyes hollow, looks sourly out at the road.
she smiles brightly, as if having invited them over to discuss this year's charity fandango, takes the sheriff's arm, starts away.
after a long beat, silence except for the tv, marge murmurs, still looking at the set:
they resurface.
a balding clerk faces them.
parrish closes his eyes but then they flutter open, he glances up at the ceiling and finally, exhausted, falls back asleep.
together they walk along the porch in the direction of cabin one.
lisa stands, listening, entranced.
michael opens his mouth, keeping his teeth clenched.
he squeezes off shots at hi as each lane gives him the opportunity.
in the corridor as they walk, we note several patients -- some of them visibly disturbed mentally.
rebecca suddenly seems hesitant.
the camera follows him as he walks away from gail.
vincent throws some money on the table and jules grabs the briefcase.
he stalks across the room.
strasser looks up from the book.
he tosses the black suit back into the trunk and
the sisters walk to their seats, at a round table in the middle of the room; the hostess puts down their menus.
he spots a pedestrian bridge over the highway.
a black panther, named ruben, steps over and pulls the shades down.
moriarty spins holmes around.
she sits on a creaky chair.
the cake containing the bomb is being delivered to the hotel by the rough looking man and his identical accomplice.
it goes off, throwing the soldier off the train.
father j eyes walt, who stares unwaveringly back at him.
harry pulls out a handful of gold coins.
later, he and aunt may arrived home.
jane looks tearful, but pulls herself together.
his shots send up clouds of dirt but purvis returns fire through the dust.
marcus makes his way through the line as kids gasp and cheer.
the pincers spot a ramshackle pier and a derelict warehouse way below.
asael arrives at the same moment.
karami is gone.
the sun casts an orange glow on the river water.
oblivious, the people next door continue watching television.
the light of the rescuers' flashlight grow dimmer as they move on.
among them are satnam and his family.
he hauls himself, unsteadily up the stone steps to the large wooden door.
they apparate in a forest.
he is sawing out his second shotgun.
igor karkaroff enters cautiously and carefully closes the door behind him.
after a moment we see her mouth open; and either to comfort herself or to drown out preacher's voice, she joins in the hymn.
norton has placed a chair.
he lets her slide gently down until her feet touch the floor.
the remains of a wooden bed lie collapsed on the floor.
lying in his bed, daws exhales a cloud of wispy, white cigarette smoke and stares off in thought.
tired of the fight: he saws out both shotguns.
she looks at jodi.
melvin's two digital clocks are two minutes apart.
red puts out a cigarette.
they sway together.
he removes his shirt.
one grabs her by the shoulder.
ron and hermione follow his footprints to the pub, but are not allowed inside.
two supports beneath it tumble away.
thelma puts the bullets under the seat.
they leave the podium.
at night, jamal and salim sit smoking a hookah pipe and drinking with friends around a campfire.
elizabeth wears a fur coat and a hat with a broad brim, which casts her face in shadow.
renault comes up to him.
he surreptitiously takes out another smaller camera.
bleeker glances at juno's midsection, embarrassed.
he looks at the crowd.
there's dim light from up ahead, where the tunnel bends.
the crowd on the boarding platform reach a deep pit around the ark.
students exit the great hall, scale the marble staircase.
renault approaches the table from behind laszlo.
far below, he sees the automobile being chased by police.
harry nimbly catches the vase in one hand and the ball in the other.
as dudley flees, his legs are knocked from under him.
she rolls onto her back and moves closer to him.
and smashes it with the butt end of his rifle.
they stroll along the seafront passing a woman, hobbling with a zimmer frame.
they watch the approaching police squad car.
three of the competitors dive in.
he wears a walkman headset.
now, lizzie is in her nightgown, standing in front of the mirror in her room.
cole answers by taking a small step back.
szpilman barely has strength to open his eyes and focus on them.
alice and martin continue to yell their lines -- charles is almost laughing at how good this looks -- but joe looks desperately back toward the headlights -- the train lighting.
ricky opens the door from the dining room, then stops.
a young man with his black hair swept back locks a car, then notices a tourist lining up a photograph.
jeff watches him intently.
full shot, the sergeant wheeling his horse, angrily -- surveying the whole of the procession as they lie sprawled on the ground, his mounted police circling in front of them, not knowing what to do.
the house looms closer and closer.
dil on the bed, slowly turns.
she strides out to the crowd.
aisha smiles and looks up to a window.
another opens up, sprints off and jumps from one building to another.
a corpse wraps its arms around harry from behind.
harry's owl, hedwig, flies away from hogwarts.
jamal touches arvind's face gently and runs off along the subway.
at the moment, she is putting on her make-up in front of the bedroom mirror.
forrest climbs up onto the stage and picks jenny up, guitar and all, and carries her.
he hops back down from the railing.
again there is a line of waiting children.
he stares down at the water, desperate, trying to make up his mind to act.
she enters the drugstore.
bleeker is sitting on the low wall with his guitar on his lap.
dutton pauses, hearing the noise.
harry kneels beside justin and touches his stiff fingers.
when they get up they have full heads of grey hair and beards.
the host looks to the director who shakes his head and makes a cutting motion across his throat.
javier lowers his gun.
shley a pretty girl with red hair wears a short top exposing her pierced belly button.
-- a button on her dress sails into the air.
frowning, he crosses himself.
something we hadn't expected: humperdinck on his horse, rugen beside him.
ronnie gives them a cowed wave.
the pitched battle continues.
the wooded green fields of the english countryside stretch out to the horizon.
ben, whose shirt sleeves are rolled up to his elbows, follows her to double wooden doors.
hi is scowling at his paycheck.
draco marches unnoticed along a corridor.
lying in a bed, he stares up at an ornate ceiling.
agitated, isabel shifts and jumps about, pulling at the chain, and barking into the quivering field of maize.
she walks, carrying her books, in ben's direction.
he sets tex down on the bank of a river, and runs back into the jungle.
in the barroom baby face returns fire through a window, as does dillinger from the second story.
the curtains open, revealing a starry backdrop.
merrill takes the bat down.
he still carries the package.
she starts to get up.
she goes to the phone, picks it up and dials.
a guy appears on the screen.
harry walks quickly, breathing hard as he pulls the heavy trunk along the deserted streets.
he opens it and pulls out an old military rifle.
gatsby looks around edgily.
she puts the jacket back on the rack and stares at her; she inhales.
he points to his head.
reacting to hi reacting.
its radio is tuned into a rock and roll station and it is playing loudly.
kate tries to treat the injured tenzen.
the pool has long since gone native, a shiny slick of algae on the surface, slime covering the cemented rocks.
then he turns, puts his unfinished drink down on a table, and goes to the door.
two men get out, dressed in plain black suits, crisp white shirts, simple black ties, shiny black shoes.
jeff leans forward with increased interest.
she nods stiffly.
george picks up the capsule box, not knowing what to do or say.
szpilman immediately hurries to a cupboard, finds a first aid tin, removes a plaster and gives it to the ss lieutenant.
merrill turn to graham and gestures with his fingers.
watson collects his winnings from the other players.
satisfied by the silence, he starts forward again and as he rounds the bend--a rock flies into frame, shattering on a boulder inches in front of him.
it disappears amongst the branches and feathers fall.
he walks in.
angles on: aragorn, legolas and gimli look on in horror, as a mummified spectre looms before them: eyeless sockets.
an ss lieutenant has entered the stores, sucking his finger, which is bleeding.
and he just hangs there in space, resting, gathering his strength.
she is enjoying the banter, as is mirabehn, who is spinning quietly to one side of the room, and patel, who sits cross-legged like gandhi on the floor.
fabienne slowly approaches the two-wheel demon.
the rumble is building.
she zooms into a cubicle and dives head first down the lavatory pan.
the hand carrying the bacon to jeff's mouth hesitates for a moment.
he stands there, looking down into the dark street.
he stands at the opened french windows.
wade is angry.
there are tears in her eyes now.
guggenheim, wearing a top hat and formal wear.sits in a chair, watching with wide eyes.
the manager is blowing out groceries on the shelves behind him.
barnes speeds off in a blue hatchback, then gets on his cell phone.
he puts the controller down and crosses to the drawing table.
they stare at one another for a long moment.
they down the powerful brew, gasping at the strength.
she goes back into the room and begins taking things up.
rick now shoots at strasser, who crumples to the ground.
the scruffy, unshaven bob tilts his head to one side.
they kiss.
professor mcgonagall leans out of a stone archway.
jamal is rooted to the spot.
a younger man in a similar rural style bedroom, suddenly, jolts and tumbles out of bed.
she ploughs through the undergrowth, ending up ankle-deep in water.
his trilby blows off as he races to the front steps and lets himself in.
charlotte walks away and starts to slide the door closed behind her.
he takes a plate of his teeth out.
as she does, she unwittingly knocks over her purse.
he has a short, neat mustache.
she gazes at him and smiles.
norman and carol, his wife, sit on the couch drinking coffee.
scrimming, graham tries to laugh it off.
barnes has a scar on his back.
her face folds as she reads the label.
her face moving toward him as he is wide-eyed and afraid.
charlie turns and watches him stride towards the diner.
holden and parsons are in pursuit of enrique.
now still in costume, elise wears a protective lead apron around her waist as she lies on an x-ray table.
outside she starts to stride away from aibileen's house, then stops and walks right back inside.
he strides out of the tv studio.
gusts of wind blow the costumes of children going from house to house.
inside a submerged portion of the ship, a woman's lifeless body drifts beneath a large chandelier, her gauzy dress billowing in the water.
merrill walks out from the back holding a bowl of food.
he presses a button.
forrest steps, an then stops as he hears s man sitting in a wheelchair speak to him.
reluctantly, ivan replaces the cup with another glass.
bond drains a glass.
her face contorts in pain.
they drive straight past the leeds united stadium.
the entire confutatis bursts over the room, as mozart snatches the manuscript pages from salieri and reads from it, singing.
she puts her hand to the windshield.
fade up to reveal a large interior, with light streaming in the windows.
harry looks around cautiously, then aims the wand.
debbie walks over to desi.
karen glances around and manually rewinds the tape control.
the prisoners are moving back from them resentfully but their glances reveal who gandhi is.
people run in all directions as bombs explode around them.
tom stands, his head bowed.
marge's prowler is parked in an otherwise empty lot.
the clerk swallows.
the groom goes off in one direction, darcy in the other.
elaine is standing in the hall.
suddenly, a woman appears in front of them, barring their way.
his head is plunged into the toilet.
as the music reaches a crescendo, we suddenly.
behind him, in the background, just rounding the open door from the nursery, yet another baby is making a mad dash for freedom.
asael, at the back, not holding the belt, loses his footing, but manages to keep his rifle above the water.
another crop circle lies beside it.
at the church, a large number of mourners have gathered for the funeral service.
latika touches his fingers when salim suddenly pulls back.
hermione gets up and walks away thoughtfully.
mary prepares to play and the men quickly take their places opposite their partners.
the troublemaker stops and looks down to find the kid beating on his legs.
a blast blows the door open and throws them to the floor.
a man is grabbed by the throat, then slammed against the table.
it's embossed with a gold image of a butterfly.
jack steps up to her.
seen from outside the room, the view of charles is obscured by the frame of the glass door.
he holds a video camera.
as gale starts up the car evelle yanks the hose out and drops it to the ground.
bringing down the tray of food, in defiance of his mother's orders, is about the limit of his defiance for one day.
his fingers dig into her arm.
bullets rip into the creature's body, knocking him flat on his back.
as he takes a drag on the cigarette, his attention is drawn to the field of maize.
he gets on his cb radio.
down in front of the grotto, marcus works a crowd of kids.
they look up and see holmes astride his pony on a higher track above them.
he bears down on her and reaching for his belt buckle.
dillinger sits in the backseat, the wind from the open windows blowing against his disheveled hair.
two young men in paint-spattered shorts, t-shirts and sneakers reach the sling shortly after it reaches the end of its track and haul it back for another push.
she cracks him across the face with a riding crop.
underwater jackson swims using a torch for illumination.
her eyes closed.
from the driver's seat, john looks up and through a window, sees jenny cuddling patrick and singing to him.
barnes is lying on the ground.
he replaces the cap and stands to remove the carton from the table.
he stops climbing, as the balloon continues to float up and away.
salim appears.
he looks as though he's getting away.
a worried look creeps into his eyes as he realizes he has no mask.
he picks up another rifle and dashes into the bushes.
he shines the torch over the replica's candles, highlighting mona lisa's mouth.
gittes glances down at the fish whose isinglass eye is glazed over with the heat of cooking.
ed perks up, reacting to something on tv.
traveling down narrow alleys, back streets, and through solid walls, they hurtle into diagon alley, where they swoop into a shop.
as pedestrians scatter, one of the cops stops along the side of the lorry with his gun drawn.
harlan is hauling thelma out the door into the parking lot.
eddie eagerly pulls back the cloth that covers the table.
szpilman retreats into the room, his nose bleeding.
he hears a scratching sound, apparently coming from just outside the outer door.
hannah looks over at him and smiles.
the driver gets out and opens the back.
he awkwardly hugs the grocery bag against his chest as he turns a key in his door.
it raises its head menacingly.
she goes inside and heads straight into the parlor, where mr. darcy is sitting waiting for her.
mickey, holding the rifle, is seen running over to the shattered mirror.
the burly agent joins the flow of foot traffic with his gun raised.
king george looks down on the scene.
a country road lined with lush, green trees, dappled with sunlight.
lila is halfway up the stairs.
debbie has a computer on her lap.
flags, banners and standards displaying the swastika are waved rhythmically from side to side in a motion that echoes the mounting frenzy of the enormous crowd.
he goes to his car,
louise suddenly understands.
rosie cotton steps up and kisses sam on the cheek.
randal comes back.
from behind, booming down as we track.
a platinum blonde singer fronts the band.
we are pulling back to reveal the feet-the shiny black patent leather shoes and blue pants cuffs - becoming quickly spattered - of several policemen milling about the hole.
howard keeps his camera focused on the shadowy figure, then turns as the president is shot.
later, changed out of the spider-man suit, peter walks through a dilapidated breeze block building, stopping to glance in a chipped mirror.
hermione tosses him a basilisk's fang.
grinning, he shakes her hand.
butch's head goes down out of frame to carry out the oral pleasure.
phyllis is silent.
voldemort suddenly disappears in whirlwind of sand, which ruffles dumbledore's white beard.
eddie looks at him, shaking his head.
the dog's chain stops it just short of carl.
harry is in a room with the other champions.
he presses a button on a digital clock beside his bed.
it rises to meet the ground of the camp and is bordered by bushes.
he holds a list in his hand.
covered in mush the guy turns around as peter makes a quick exit.
cedric is dragged backwards, tangled in the roots and branches of the hedge.
she comes back out to joe.
david eyes the boyish officer who promptly closes his map book.
nick comes down some steps.
at a table for two by the rail, the city slowly passing in the b.g.
they sail between the towers and turrets of hogwarts school and soar above the craggy hillside.
a sharp featured head, more like a mask, with long pointed ears, a humped nose, barred teeth and the jutting jaw.
oliver passes pete and turns to debbie as pete walks away.
elijah seems shaken for the first time.
darryl is mad, but he's still watching the game.
she watches him go through to the other room.
crunching broken glass under foot, they reach the door.
we recognize the voice of the stranger whose narration opened the movie.
sarah covers her ears.
she gets up from the table and walks away.
jamal gently removes latika's head scarf, to reveal her scar.
he decides.
after only a momentary pause at the door to take in the scene, smalls goes directly to a specific spot in the debris and nudges some of it aside with his toe, exposing a piece of paper.
this penetrates the kid's fear.
gandalf is already at the door, he turns to frodo.
voldemort knocks harry's wand from his hand.
lt. dan fires his pistol at the unseen enemy as forrest pulls him away.
the camera closes in, lisa stops, faces him.
forrest is about to sit on the first available seat, but the recruit sitting there refuses forrest.
ben sits down at inez's bedside.
javert is washed away into the swirling foam.
and now they drop down, behind the radiomen.
kayleigh and evan walk through the all-but-deserted campus.
a silhouetted figure appears in the distance and moves towards the child.
the courtroom immediately falls silent.
two of the bearers carry a pole between them, from which a large carton hangs.
later, purvis uses a candlestick phone.
she looks a little bit disappointed.
thelma and louise are both silent.
below, on pelennor field, the orc kneel and raise their lances in readiness.
she is exciting and desirable.
szpilman glances surreptitiously at his hands, and then he plays chopin.
now, the guests are gathered in a different room.
the burly guy knees him in the gut.
as norman goes about spreading out the bread and ham and pouring the milk, we follow mary across the room.
looking around slowly his eyes alight on gandalf.
eyes closed, he is illuminated by a flash.
she again drinks her whole shot of wild turkey and holds up her glass, as the band strikes up a lively tune.
the ark continues on its voyage away from the world's highest mountain.
he holds up a pda phone with a ribbon on it.
sarah, still hopelessly drunk, is sprawled out on her bed, futilely attempting to dial a telephone.
magazines fall from the display.
it comes closer.
she attempts to kiss the royal hand, but faints instead.
the chipped drill bit is removed and replaced with a new one.
salim draws a revolver from behind his back and points it at the men.
the car boosted from the general store has been pulled off the road and parked a few yards into a field littered with bluebonnets and rimmed with moss-dripping oak.
the doctor removes a banknote from the package, revealing dynamite.
the gateau rises into the air.
the sun shines brightly.
the huge hound follows them outside.
he reads the address.
lisa stands glumly behind him.
i am too well guarded.
with great dexterity, she tumbles the little hobbit over and over in her legs, binding him in web from head to toe!
he pulls back on the trigger -- ratta-a-tat-tat!
it takes him a moment before he steps forward.
graham crosses the bathroom and stares out of the door, his toothbrush in his mouth.
the carriage driving by.
as he plays, he talks to bert.
a man is smashed into a lamp and electrocuted.
she beats his arms away.
camera pulls back to reveal the prince kneeling by the body as the others ride up.
he catches her, and they swoop and swing down the street.
stella takes a handful of oil, slaps it on his back.
he sits on harry's bed.
fixing his pants, he walks out of his bedroom loft into a dark upper hallway.
he takes a butcher knife from the group and moves closer to the door.
bond crashes through some more boats as their pursuers exchange frantic hand signals coordinating a two-boat attack.
he puffs out his cheek and walks off, the dance floor lights up again.
they hold their hands again.
twists away as dieter reaches him; grabs dieter's head in both hands;
and then the dreadful thump as mary's body falls in the tub.
she is aiming a remote at a projection tv.
lifting a glass container, he casually pours out the barbicide disinfectant and drops it on the floor.
both zus and tuvia scramble to their feet and point their weapons.
a youth chases a school bus.
frodo looks with horror at the overwhelming goblin army that's rushing toward them!
louis heads out -- hold on jack as he turns, enters his office, and as that door opens, we cut to.
harry is still searching around.
david and elijah stroll beside the crowds, cuing to get in.
without another moment's hesitation, she kisses him.
then sprints like hell to the woods.
stunned jenny looks to her mother.
hilly comes in, carrying her little boy billy.
she's obviously heard his argument with his father, and she looks into his eyes, searching, aware that something eventful is taking place.
angela starts off, but jane doesn't follow.
a man (randall) comes in and makes his way up to tom.
we're across from ricky's room, looking in.
the eyes sunk in dark sockets, and the skin stretched over the bony skull.
with difficulty, he puts the cushion behind his head, starts to cover himself with the blanket but stops, seeing something.
the others flee.
they both look aside, but find no one.
snape perfects a smile.
they chat and laugh, enjoying the christmas spirit.
scantily clad girls flood with the thugs.
he looks awkward at catching her off guard, looking sad and vulnerable.
diana grips the bed as chuck thrusts behind her.
thenardier walks down the street with one of his cohorts, babet.
harry looks at the snake sympathetically.
the rain increasing and backlit by the oncoming headlights.
there are several photos of a cat on the wall.
she comes over to jeff.
cassidy pauses beside mary's desk, hooks a haunch onto the desktop, smiles a wet smile at mary.
he is hauled into the air.
in every gesture, edward is bigger than life, describing each detail with absolute conviction.
alice watches joe, on the verge of tears -- except joe just can't bring himself to do it, not now, not ever.
the three soldiers hit the window- floor painfully -- hernandez so hard he's instantly.
gittes says nothing.
the great gates open, allowing gandalf, pippin, faramir and the osgiliath survivors to ride in.
bolts awake.
he drops the lighter to the floor.
a soldier is shot.
with indy hanging on, feet kicking, the water spout deposits him back on the train, onto the roof of a stockcar, where he looks up to see fedora walking toward him.
on the hill, a rebel loads another mortar into the launcher and covers his ears.
at the garage, wilson throws myrtle's pills into a drawer, holds up a revolver and stares at it.
eddie, on his way back to the hotel, stops at the same liquor store for a bottle.
he knocks the clock off the mantelpiece and it breaks.
the previa drives into the front gate of mark and vanessa's exclusive community.
ellen presses a remote.
the alarm continues to count down -- 15.
it splits into three larger prongs, the central one of which points towards a smaller circle.
drover watches him with pride.
president wilson pulls up a chairs and sits in front of her.
he begins to jog across the lawn.
lights burn in the house at night.
when peter doesn't respond, harry rises and walks away.
she picks up a pen.
the car with the civilian has returned in the distance.
stella turns and walks into the kitchen.
walker looks down at him.
the light is held aloft by a statuesque woman wearing a long white robe with a blue sash draped around her.
he stops and half turns his head.
he looks her over.
she strides off to put on the shiny dark green dress.
as he walks amid the flowing pedestrians, the screen fades to black.
the marx brothers kneel, strumming their banjos, and the movie cuts back to central park.
the midsummer sun beats down on the braddock swimming pool and on ben who lies on a rubber raft in the middle of the pool.
helen comes out quickly and taking a handkerchief from her bag, hurries past wick into the hall.
inigo, slowly pushing away from the wall.
the professors beat out the flames, knocking quirrell off his feet.
the noontime sun bakes the strip of highway slicing through this barren country.
outside 10 downing street, a car stops and allister emerges from a backseat door, carrying some papers.
szpilman catches sight of someone among the onlookers, smiles and pushes through the crowd to dorota, close to tears.
angela takes a deep breath just before lester leans in to kiss her cheek, her forehead, her eyelids, her neck.
frodo shuts his eyes.
herr heinze steps up to him with upraised arm.
malfoy catches his broomstick.
harry picks up the metal soldier, and places it in the palm of his hand.
shooting straight down; there is no one on the street and it is too far to jump.
luna looks at the chimes.
david puts down a pan and stops, starring at joseph, whose sitting at a table, with david's gun in front of him.
neville stuns a death eater.
at sixteen, angela is strikingly beautiful; with perfect even features, blonde hair and a nubile young body, she's the archetypal american dream girl.
carl's face looks deformed and lumpy.
the creature, with its highly domed head, stares between the two men.
there is a counter with a grill, something like a bank.
it is a moving picture of a smirking rita.
he is beginning his song again, and it has taken on new fullness and melody.
randal walks away.
javert looks puzzled, then bows curtly and takes his leave.
she's reading.
he traps it under a glass.
his back arching as he dives from one web to another, down low by the surging traffic and up high by the rooftops.
and they lean into each other for a kiss so enchanted it might as well be their first ever -- hunter bolts up the stairs, two at a time.
she sits down again, in the same position as before.
he swerves to his side as flash's punch lands on the locker door.
lee taps hannah on the shoulder; hannah, surprised, turns and gasps.
she purses her lips.
her mother zips her up roughly.
there is a click as the bathroom door is locked.
he gives one last glance back into the parlor car to make sure no one is watching him.
dot faces hi and ed across a picnic table covered with grilled hamburgers, rolls, green jello mold, cooler, etc.
banky follows.
the platoon gets up and runs toward the cover of the jungle.
no go -- he keeps trying.
bubba speaks to forrest.
gandalf arrives at the foot of the orthanc stairs.
harry rolls over as the tree lashes out.
minnie's children leave the kitchen.
beaming, she retreats into the dressing room.
a midget in overalls stands next to him.
derek smeath gets in.
another fucking loud blast -- sound of glass breaking -- and the creature roaring -- and there it is, in silhouette, moving past the bay window -- joe realizes: where the creature is, so are the blasts.
doyle paces a little.
beamen plucks his laughing daughter away to dance with her.
hermione runs into ron's arms.
he gingerly opens her handbag, fishes for its contents, takes them and looks at them on the kitchen counter.
mrs. gardiner and lizzie emerge, dressed in their outdoor clothes.
juno parks her previa on the street.
with his hands pressed against the window, the little boy looks up at kyle and audrey.
he crouches down, beside him.
the goblin grips the arms of the chair.
he holds up his injured hand.
audrey frowns and shakes her head.
she looks after him.
joe steps back as louis arrives; louis seems to hate joe, but at the same time, can barely look at him.
cabs pull up outside the theater.
later, he strides into the newspaper offices and approaches maureen.
strider stops before a distant hill, topped by an ancient ruin.
he carefully pulls the red lens off the taillight, exposing the white light beneath it.
in a hospital canteen, an elderly patient attached to a drip wheels the stand it's on as he walks.
little benjamin stands on the high, gray-slate rooftop.
fletcher tries to aim the rifle at king george.
his hand comes out of the suitcoat with the locker key.
the corsac lunges with a knife.
knowing the laughter is at him, he regains his composure before heading down the stairs.
he meets prakash's gaze firmly, the first moment we have seen any sign of the gandhi of south africa.
andy roots through a jumbled drawer and pulls out a serviceable pair of white pants.
juno notices that the other kids in the cafeteria can't help but glance her way.
in the outer office, the burly agent downs a paper cup of water and passes doris, who glares at him as he returns to the interrogation room.
the two are sitting opposite each other.
as the men arrive, floyd takes out a pistol which the lawman kicks out of his hand.
the wagon is galloping through the snowy streets of the city.
jean crosses to a high window above the toilet and throws it open.
he throws a small log into the stove.
harry stands rooted to the spot, his breathing shallow.
with his last strength don raises himself against the door, stretches out his hand, gets the door chain, tries to slip it in its notch, but misses.
it is a caricature of george throwing a lasso around the moon.
he snatches it.
shep slaps him hard, forehand, backhand.
the usher folds his arms.
close on edward, lost in quiet reverie, pondering his latest bit of information.
finally realizing who this woman is.
harry rushes over and puts his hand on the boot.
he looks at himself in a mirror.
everyone turns.
it doesn't fall over.
he tries to run.
they sit awkwardly in the living room.
rose stares back at jack.
as ronnie zigzags in and out of traffic, giving people the 'look' as he passes.
the father violently tugs jamal and he loses his grip and falls from the train, pulling salim with him.
we're moving slowly toward the burnham's garage window through the rain.
she has long dark hair.
en-joo and the girl exchange glances and move.
merrill's left leg goes out.
his speed increases as he runs farther away.
holmes kicks the man, then punches him.
dillinger turns her to face him.
outside, richardson and his aide follow a walkway to a spot overlooking the outdoor dining area.
they stand at the edge of the pit, looking down.
bo snatches the video as morgan tries to put it into the vcr.
a sheriff is sitting on a sink.
pippin follows them.
two german soldiers pull out of the crowd a tall woman and a short man and haul them into the cleared space.
getting on like a house on fire, sydney and clayton share a joke in the lift.
a procession of people in bright costumes parades around a square watched by huge crowds.
walking along the corridor, an odd sound causes him to stop.
at the restaurant, kate and leah are with a mustachioed man.
the building is collapsing as bond tries to reach her.
it scurries towards a rat hole.
he leans with the spotlight, whistling to get the big man's attention.
the cheers of his people are deafening.
his anger seems to have left him, replaced by the kind of peace that flowers bring many people.
melvin looks at her, embarrassed, self-conscious, his habits making him appear unworthy.
the detective glances at daniel, who rubs his face with one hand.
ilsa and laszlo are both caught completely off guard.
the inspector enters a room where jamal is suspended off the floor by his wrists.
jenny smears some lines of cocaine on a mirror.
connie looks petrified.
in the hallway, barton sees the rugged man behind him.
captain jameson is in uniform.
night has fallen on the condo complex.
the troops pass cash among themselves.
squush - they come to a rest in swampland at the bottom.
we pan to preacher outside.
bond grabs his arm and hits out with an elbow.
billie narrows her eyes.
in the vestry, alex helps ryan get into his suit.
at home, the dinning room is in darkness.
the old man and his granddaughter go.
the agent goes.
a boy walks up a wall.
a second man in a conservative suit (jim #2) comes out of the house.
young gavroche watches, a tear rolling down his cheek.
an led readout labeled arming counts down from 30 seconds.
gittes, still humming, turns to the secretary.
at a cemetery, high on a hill overlooking the city, zoe stares morosely at her mother's casket, which sits by the graveside.
quickly they are in each other's arms, kissing passionately, crushing the girl's corsage and pushing her hat back a little.
blood flows from under the hat as the tank driver slumps forward, his body depressing the levers.
he crosses to his spider-man suit hanging on a rail and reaches for it.
a retro stereo sits on a cabinet against the wall with framed photos.
their breath is visible in the cold air.
reggie stares at him, unbelievingly, then looks around, confused.
indy rushes forward and pushes donovan away.
he presses the call button.
wearing goggles as protection from the rain, harry swoops past the stand where the professors follow the action.
one swoops down and attacks sirius.
ferris picks up a phone and sits by a window.
the cop at the back of the lorry makes his way across the sand with a shovel.
butch picks it up.
elena winds the window down.
darcy hands wickham a check.
roosevelt looks up again.
it snaps.
purvis tries to push between a couple.
as jane comes hazily to, the dark-haired guy is looking down at her.
she whips her arm away.
the gate closes.
harry looks at the solid brick wall.
the first volley of arrows hit the rohan soldiers.
seated party guests eat under white marquees on the lawn outside clayton's sprawling mansion.
a balding man plays the organ.
the film cuts back to the black-and-white movie screen as mickey continues to talk.
raising the fang again harry closes the diary.
she breathes on the glass then draws, with her finger, the shape of a heart with an arrow through it.
lee, holding the book in a brown bag, and elliot are walking out.
juno lays on the hood of her previa, contemplating her future.
merrill holds up his hands and turns away in frustration.
unsatisfied, jack looks around and sees men carefully making a plaster of paris mold.
cia agent felix watches from a sofa.
the hands open, disclosing his open knife.
elise jumps up and down, pumping her hands round his head.
malcolm slowly stops smiling.
the bottom of the sack is full of fat, crawling earthworms.
jamal, seen as a young boy here, trips and fails to catch the ball.
he hands her a sandwich and fills a wine-cup for her.
the brakes pinch down, the bus stops inches from the old lady, and harry flies back onto his bed.
juno bikes up to find bleeker sitting on the stoop.
bremner sulks beside clough on the bench.
hermione glances round at ron, and they exchange a look.
the three fugitives are crouch down, out of sight.
ron looks across at him.
in her bedroom, jessica lounges on her bed, staring into the distance.
forrest drops another wounded soldier down at the bank of the river next to tex, and then runs back toward the jungle.
holdaway just looks at his pupil for a moment, then smiles.
she turns to a window.
she picks it up and empties the cigarette butts into the bin.
he idly tosses a stone and watches her go.
peter falls, and his dark green mystery attacker smashes him into a wall high above the ground.
lisa turns away from the window.
he tries to push the bit that broke off back in place.
with his arms spread, jack tilts his head back and closes his eyes as the enormous ship surges across the ocean.
salim suddenly looks solemn and leaves the room.
smoke pours from the top of the tank as the turret pops open.
daisy gets into a yellow taxi outside her large, white house.
then she's sitting looking out of her window.
harry places his hand on dumbledore's arm and they shoot off the tower.
he turns to harry and sneers.
he has almost no recent experience with receiving a nighttime phone call.
the grail knight lowers his arm as he watches them leave.
michael takes his left hand off the barrel, his right holding the shotgun in position.
javert hears this with grim satisfaction.
charles walks off and steven leaves in another direction.
he slurps a coffee.
she looks around sa she enters.
now jumping on the bed.
dr. briar sits on emily's bed.
he sails on the calm lake.
the contents tumble out and he scrabbles to collect them.
left alone, he acts with lightning rapidity.
as holly talks, sipping her drink, hannah busily works in the kitchen, which contains a large center table stacked with bowls and plates of food, hanging pots and pans, and general party clutter.
sultan spots uri leaving.
fantine's sleek, long dark hair is cut.
it explodes in a shower of stone fragments.
she offers him her cone, thrusting it forward with enough force to dislodge the ice-cream.
lenny is strapped onto a metal bed, his arms and legs in tight leather restraints.
the road has narrowed to a rough path.
he starts across the floor.
he throws shirts from a balcony.
unknown to them, aunt may's eyes are open.
the jet comes in to land.
ferrari looks shrewdly at ilsa.
he moves to a chair at her bedside.
she pouts sexily, and gestures to the case.
lights are on inside the house.
rows of film studio buildings reflected in the shiny gold surface of a shield with the letters wb in its center.
rambo lowers the bow and arrow from lewis' face.
on tv, ashton's double approaches the podium.
nick sits, drugged.
and hurls it at the pyre!
he stares at a rectangle in the ceiling.
on the ocean surface, a research vessel outfitted with cranes plucks the submersibles out of the water.
a relieved richardson bows his head.
she pauses for a moment, listening.
she looks decidedly put out.
he shakes the parcel.
we can definitely hear the whoo-whoo of the siren now, and it is definitely approaching.
it's too dark to see who's behind the wheel.
she's smiling, confused, joyful and scared.
his hair is static city, standing on end as he periodically gives it self-conscious pats.
insert -- preacher's hand and knife it clicks open.
he steps up to jack and holds out a cigarette case.
a branch lashes down.
santa impatiently munches nuts.
a couple of the sheriffs look over at freddy off screen, but as sheriff #2 talks, turn their attention to him.
jeep watches as michael spreads his wings and takes off.
david checks his wristwatch as holly walks over to him.
ferris looks around.
nearby lab techs clean the muddy papers, revealing a sketch of a woman.
the dude is looking around at the '60's modern decor.
morgan peels bo's arms off of him.
ron notices the bones on the ground.
we watch figaro measuring the space for his bed on the floor, singing and susanna looking on, trying on the countess' hat.
stokes is being pelted by foodstuffs.
the vet puts a hypodermic into the iv line going into marley's leg.
the titanic moves slowly.
during the ensuing low-spoken dialogue, they continue to face the shelves, not looking at each other.
percy scrambles over with a first-aid kit and together he and kyle get to work on howard's neck.
he goes through the folders page by page, but usually ends up tossing the whole thing in the trash.
mary jane goes by with a tray of drinks.
and there has never been such pain.
bernard turns and walks out.
she leans on the table for support, then about turns and runs up the stairs.
he yawns, edges away from one of the dirtier farmers.
he yanks off his mask and turns to the kid.
she stops outside a classroom.
as they enter the house, dumbledore holds his wand in his undamaged left hand.
her eyes move to cole.
she reaches the top and stops.
he switches on the headlights.
he strides through, then turns, catching sight of something out of the corner of his eye.
they sit facing each other on the hilton shuttle bus.
lizzie closes her bedroom door behind her.
he loses his drift as all three men turn, reacting to the sound of an approaching speeding car.
marius wakes in a clean bed beneath a ceiling painted with cherubs and angels.
and without a second thought or consideration of the dangers, she starts into the ravine.
he takes his hat.
a rock connects with the side of smeagol's head.
the cloud engulfs the control tower.
potter's carriage is waiting at the entrance.
kurt spots a hot chick.
lee stands by him, leaning over the board, and looks directly at him.
pumpkin goes around collecting wallets.
fergus walking down a street looking for an address.
hermione indicates her bag.
from a fruit bowl, he selects the biggest apple, shines it on his shirt, wraps it in the doily under his bowl, opens a drawer and gets out a clip clothespin, clips his package, and leaves shot.
he gives a smile as dry as the flat plains which stretch out to the hills on the horizon, and accompanies sarah down the hill, away from the cemetery.
nehru shakes his head wistfully.
ron gobbles a sausage at breakfast.
the colonel's pov: lester leans back in his chair.
and watches the shapely woman as she reenters the room.
gittes moves to the desk, watching the translucent pane in the upper half of the door leading to the outer office as he does.
george cannot listen any longer to such libel about his father.
he emerges from the 4 x 4 with road rage on full brew, and strides over to the van.
she draws him down an alley where the same car is waiting.
he jumps up and dashes out of the park.
bobbing his head, the music producer mouths along with the lyrics.
although his eyes are unblinkingly open we do not see eyeballs, but only fire - either a reflection of the campfire or something roaring - burning-inside.
there is a guide of new york sticking from his pocket.
he lifts the gallon of milk into a paper bag, letting out a slight grunt.
dying engines belch smoke.
neff reaches a can down from the high shelf and hands it to her.
we can view the whole bedroom now.
rachel comes out and hurries off to our right, followed by john, holding pearl's hand.
we pan up the hillside onto a large stadium which seems to have a huge number of floors.
she kisses him.
her sister ignores her.
the two couples walk on down the country lane.
molly knocks a photo frame down.
he takes the score, bows, and struts briskly out of the room.
ferris looks at the sky and puts his hands up.
he peeks into the corridor as a nurse walks by the reception desk.
don dashes in, takes a nail file, kneels beside the grille of a register in the side wall, pries it out with the file, looks inside, puts his hand in.
boromir's hand picks it up by the chain.he stands, the ring dangling before his eyes.
indy uses the scrap of cloth and a bone to fashion a crude torch, which he then dips into the oily water.
whip watches as reporters and officials wander around the wreckage.
he turns back on the thenardier gang in the passage.
agent rice takes a shot in the leg.
another trooper, with a pistol barrel, knocks the pistol from ben's lifted hand.
smeagol descending into madness.
and whips off his hat.
m gives a half smile as he walks off into the snowy night.
annie calculates a moment.
the invisible sun is sinking.
jody sitting with the hood on again.
she takes this in; john has sold her.
students shoot through the barricade.
cherie shakes the queen's hand.
they lean on the coffee table, which is covered with glasses and a bowl of chips.
it trembles with his hands.
the road runs down to the river's edge.
we have no idea what they're saying to each other, but every act is fundamentally the same.
he has been up all night.
the dragon is clambering across the roof, strewing tiles as it goes.
winstead stands as billie enters.
he calls hoffman.
a badly injured sam pulls his gun and aims.
as she bounds the stairs, comes to her apartment door and jiggles with the keys, a strange prescient whimpering sound coming from her.
he looks shocked.
he strides right past her.
mr. white tries to stand but falls down.
inside one car, the queen and prince philip watch the onlookers.
abby blanches, waiting for mike instructions.
edgy, ferris steps right up to hani.
he looks sad lying there pinned beneath ray bones' shoe, wondering how it all went so wrong.
he gets to the porch a moment after mary has reached it.
water slams through a corridor knocking people over.
louise's thumb pulls back the hammer.
aragorn, legolas, and gimli look on.
nehru has stepped out onto the porch and he glares at the youths.
aragorn slowly rises, turning to face the crowd, who cheer and clap for their king.
morgan looks back down and takes a puff of his inhaler.
benjamin watches as daisy pops her little finger in the infant's mouth to stop her crying and looks back at benjamin through teary eyes.
david swaggers away, then pauses.
in the middle of the twilight desert, king george holds up a fish on a pole.
camera moves down to see his foot land squarely on a crack in the side walk without his knowledge.
inside a small case is a sweatshirt with a spider and web motif.
she watches him fearfully.
he approves the loan.
doctor connors takes a few paces past peter, stops, then turns.
the cage starts down.
she shudders.
mad-eye zaps him with magic, he falls into the center of the court.
emily is standing on the stairs with another couple.
peter slaps the phone, then shakes his head incredulously.
hermione enters the tent and they hug.
his wife's head rests on the bonnet.
the cellar is dark.
she is laughing and she sticks her arms straight up in the air.
the swarthy man grabs him by the neck and throws him against a fence.
neff looks around quickly, slips the policy out of his pocket and drops it into her bag.
with a desperate effort he flings himself to the floor and starts inching his way to the door.
he shoots web at octavius and lands on him.
martin battles with zombie cary and impales him on a spike on the wall.
when he gets closer he can see it's a wilted head of lettuce.
ilsa looks at him tenderly.
they attack the guests.
they each kneel and make the sign of the cross.
the smaller man thrusts a switchblade knife about an inch and a half up gittes' left nostril.
ever-persistent, she draws his face to her and kisses his cheek.
she shrugs, then glances at thao.
the wheelman aims his pistol at the u-boat.
as alice nervously drives, she shakes her head: no.
nearby, a man falls to the floor.
latika is now driving at a high speed on packed roads.
villagers raise their hands.
bob gathers the food and beers into his arms.
sacha, who looks at her with lovesick eyes, fills her tumbler.
we look up to the blue sky, where a giant sky-written heart floats in the wind.
gandhi is unnerved by it a little but he struggles on -- louder, but just as colorlessly.
light catches the man's face as he stares up at the wrecked carriage.
delmar moans through cracked and bloody lips.
harry is waiting for mary jane.
snape sits close to voldemort.
lt. dan motions for the lead soldier to get down.
graham picks up his hammer and quietly begins to hammer nails into the wood.
a pool of water reflects writing on the wall above.
all five get to their feet and look up at the cart as it trundles away.
winstead pitches his hat, sights the man, and fires.
chili looks at karen, smiles, shakes his head.
he gets set to throw, but the man in black shakes his head, takes off his sword and scabbard, begins the approach toward the giant.
a long low beach house with white flowers trailing from part of its roof looks out over a patio, the garden and the ocean.
as graham and officer paski get closer, they see morgan is crying.
joe looks over at alice.
he sees her looking at the locket around his neck.
later, peter makes his way out onto the balcony.
donnie looks around.
neff recognizes him immediately but jackson does not look up.
he is about to toss it aside when he starts to read it.
he goes back to work.
armed with their rifles and sub machineguns, the g-men cross the shadowy woods.
little hansel is a heavy-caliber artillery piece.
gandhi, who also looks worn, rises his eyebrows whimsically at the use of that name.
he pierces his right hand with the knife.
dave on the training field.
she pats the birth certificate, then slides it over to sandy.
punch and judy are arguing loudly.
he twirls her around slowly, and they shuffle back and forth.
captain smith reads a note, then smiles at ruth.
holding the baby close, he secrets himself in the shadows and glances back to see the policeman hurry past.
paying no attention to the sound of steps which has been coming from the staircase, wick rises, puts the glass of whiskey on the table and is about to cross towards the telephone when the doorbell rings -- short, short, long, short.
azad has bowed his head and he too is clearly making some prayer for her.
harry puts his fingers around the bony thumb.
they're interrupted by an orderly.
carl weaves precariously through traffic and hops onto a pavement.
klaatu reaches out and stops him from falling.
harry surges past, then stops, and looks back.
then alice gets into the coupe's driving seat and heads off.
he stands outside watching, the flowers behind his back.
in the hospital room, mac is gently stroking juno's hair as she lies on her side in bed.
he looks right at malcolm.
john wakes up in a cloud of feathers with marley licking his face.
he walks over to lee in another area of the kitchen.
he goes to join her and glances back at nick.
looks over to josephine.
hannah is briefly seen in the background, preparing more coffee in the kitchen.
he puts his paper in with colleen's.
nicole stands at the bedroom entrance and looks at him.
she extends her hand for the requiem, as she stands up.
we see him distantly through the crowd.
the owl takes wing, and swoops low along the misty road.
joe pounds on a cracked window above them.
david takes two unsteady steps back.
behind frodo, shelob appears!
day, thao carries a bundle of garden waste out to the front of his house.
straightening his tie as he turns and walks across the dressing room, brian sits beside a dark-haired, fresh-faced guy who's rubbing his thighs in agitation.
willie's hand hesitates between this elephant and the one behind, which is purple.
he's catapulted away from her.
harry packs a rucksack.
lenny paces back and forth next to the three-story mailbox, desperately trying to appear nonchalant.
she wipes it on her skirt.
small red tail lights fishtail up ahead.
she turns to holly.
the british are stunned almost to speechlessness -- the audacity, the impossibility of it -- and from gandhi of all people.
a storm rages around hogwarts.
brian crosses the room to peter.
elise watches him with sorrowful eyes.
flint lowers his eyes for a moment then looks back up at peter.
he retraces his steps, until he stands directly in front of her.
one steward wearing a dark suit steps in front of jack.
a grazing doe watches as gordon makes a tentative landing.
jamal stands leaning against the doorway.
he looks back the way he came.
he touches the inkstand.
they stare at each other and she smiles breathlessly.
the gun whacks him across the cheek and he falls sideways.
his expression darkens.
both men look around for the gun, spot it simultaneously and leap for it, both landing short of the mark.
alarmed passengers grasp the seat in front of them as a flight attendant tries to assist someone.
marjorie looks to her husband who can't look his daughter in the eye.
feathers fly as kate and zoe gleefully batter each other with their pillows.
it runs through his hair and down his face, quickly soaking his robes.
graham looks at an illustration of a small, bulbous headed figure shaking hands with a bearded human.
in the amber half-light of a darkened room, kate is fast asleep in bed.
he is sure now pearl knows.
as he advances, the crowd parts -- it is almost eerily silent.
as he leans against a tree, a guard comes at him.
debbie takes a very quick glance inside.
several visitors are waiting in chairs.
they roll on the floor.
the kid turns to go.
mary is still seated at the soda fountain.
they lean into each other for a tender kiss.
lazar addresses those present.
one by one, the carriages go dark.
terrified women cover their mouths.
one agent briefly drops his gaze.
glancing up, he reaches forward and positions the knife at a downward sloping angle at the base of the door.
we see that he is in midair.
she steps up on a table and stands on the edge of the balcony.
graham closes his eyes, talks to the darkness.
soldiers kick and stomp on the mercenaries and missionaries, who cover their heads with their hands.
then, tommy looks at him.
the doctor smiles reassuringly and places the scanner on jenny's stomach.
louise stops yelling for a moment groping for self-control.
she's looking around her.
billie stares as he finds the man's coat.
tears roll down jane's face as she watches her giant of a husband standing facing the lake, with his arm around rebecca.
an old man plays a stringed instrument.
patrick grins, watching as his father tries to wrestle the nappy off the dog.
turning the corner, he runs down another street and catches up to elise as she makes as another turn on foot.
morgan is petting houdini's fur gently.
a group of wounded soldier sit and watch forrest play with himself.
clarence suddenly appears leaning against a wall.
a large room with an improvised partition of blankets to separate the men from the women.
she stops waving and holds her fingers spread out.
the beautiful blonde-haired young woman rises on the couch.
skeeter follows her gaze.
beyond them, the horizon sprawls perfectly flat between the sand and black sky.
holden and the second agent, parsons, chase enrique into an arcade.
she points.
as harry stands, david takes the ticket.
jackson takes out a small bag of tobacco and a packet of cigarette papers.
she turns to her costar.
gittes gets out of the chair.
he stumbles back and touches his bloody nose.
guns the engine and speeds off.
david reaches for it, loses it, sees it again, and at the third attempt, grasps it.
from the canyon, the fbi helicopter rises up in front of the car.
jack opens the car's back door -- joe gets in -- jack slams it shut, then throws the camera and tripod into the passenger seat and slams that door, heading to the house, leaving joe in the back.
they hide as umbridge comes out, wearing a fluffy purple coat over her pink dress.
sirius is gone.
george stands dully looking at the damage.
gandhi's white shawl is stained with blood as he falls.
alicia, pouring champagne, misses the glass as she watches in horror.
barb's features pinch up.
jules is bent over a sink, washing his bloody hands while vincent stands behind him.
mcgonagall shakes her head.
still looking shocked, he gazes around the concourse and spots the maintenance man emptying the trash can on the far side.
her tear-stained face comes into view.
as he inverts the wand, harry steady slughorn's hand.
brody glances at it with great curiosity.
cops yell, draw their guns and fire as willie clips a couple cars, skids and slues, and finally is clear of the pack.
the sheets are unruffled.
reaching their car, they get in and drive away.
she runs down the peer as the boat draws alongside.
finally, softly, he begins to talk.
the ice box is now skillfully concealed by a large chinese screen.
the village huts are built in the local style in wood with high foundations.
skip parks the bmw on a busy street, and he and ferris get out.
adrian enters and stands before anheuser, who tries to read his expression.
she walks out, leaving the grogans waiting anxiously in the examination room.
he takes a sip.
he unfastens the locket.
lila gazes for one flicker of a deathly moment, then begins to scream, a high, piercing, dreadful scream.
harry's poured a drink.
and that's when the speed accelerates to normal his howard's body explodes and spraying streams of dark fluid toward sandra.
as ginny leads him forward, they are reflected in the mirror behind.
now, in a dapper suit and red tie, he strolls through the offices with diana.
they run up steep stones steps then walk arm in arm.
his father is awake, silently gasping for breath.
slowly tracking up the staircase.
bond is following his gps tracker.
bob walks back into the diner.
zoe passes a plate to kate, who tries to pass it on.
kara looks at julie.
nick turns to look at the spectacular display.
walt gets up.
he holds up a shoe.
this is an amazing development.
a plethora of beautiful bikini-clad women adorn the sand.
charlie fills a jug with water and turns to see the boy.
sunlight outlines purvis' clean-shaven face.
the knife hits the pan hard and stops.
graham gets up.
soldiers march down the street followed by cavalry.
willa meekly keeps her head down.
the mercedes pulls around to the drive-thru window.
she starts to enter.
she pauses as she crosses the room carrying a tray of food.
guests have gathered in doctor octavius' lab.
in the background, lisa, having just placed a pair of candlesticks on the table, is returning to the kitchen.
tommy punches the steward.
dan's expression darkens.
all are busy trying to see if the call was traced.
zoe immediately cuddles up to it.
seated between two of his captors, dillinger keeps his pensive gaze aimed downward.
the small office is on an upper level with a window looking down on the factory floor where jewish men and women are hard at work on sewing machines making the terrible clatter.
jenny turns and walks up to wesley.
the patrol car is right behind them.
alvin turns away from dillinger, who stares ahead.
she sits hunched and clutching her chest where she was shot.
sees the strain in his eyes.
he is falling.
indy stutters uncomfortably as henry stares at him, waiting for a response.
b) rick drives a small, open car slowly along the boulevard.
he glares at her.
he looks at the breakfast, reaches for a knife and fork.
he turns to face slughorn.
the trees explode with light.
harry and sirius help ron out from the hole under the tree.
they both look over at darcy, who glowers before striding away.
her long wavy hair ruffled by a breeze.
groups of girls are giving them icy looks and turning their backs.
behind him, as the sheeting slips inwards, he sees a glistening white surface beneath it.
he glances up at the trembling crystal chandelier above.
ron's hair stands on end as it moves towards him, clicking its pincers.
as they face the trailer's front door, all we see of the couple is the backs of their heads.
then, halfbreed enters through the trap door -- followed by rough rider.
a wisp of silver escapes his wand, hovering like a mist, then blooms magnificently.
it settles for a beat after they leave.
the camera stays focused on the doorway to this room as the doctor and mickey talk offscreen.
as the man starts his engine, debbie runs toward pete.
malcolm looks at the wood beams and climbing ropes.
gandhi hesitates, and then he sits, holding ba's hand in his lap.
we see jeff's hand coming to the foreground with a restraining gesture.
they are in the sunless steps of the sinkhole.
he sits in the shadows.
franz gives a loud cry with each kick; the dude leans back, throwing his arms up, evading the kicks.
their eyes meet and they walk slowly towards one another.
thomas sits looking out across the expanse of water towards the dawn on the far horizon.
the possessed move in from all sides, but kyle is remarkably agile, dropping one after another in a stunning display.
they are crowded in with people.
forrest stands at the grave.
jesus walks away.
nehru is looking a little harassed, from the ragging he is taking and from the ride.
still no answer and she raps on the door.
beyond three open doorways, david can see a staircase.
michal comes up behind szpilman.
theoden faces his enemy.
she waves lamely at morgan.
the drill sergeant walks away as forrest begins to disassemble his rifle.
mr. white stands up and walks over to a table.
doris dials her telephone.
in unison, everyone starts a typical bollywood dance routine.
he lies as if in a trance.
they hide there briefly, as drunken troopers stagger over it.
klaatu unplugs the receiver, touches his finger to the end of the cord, plugs it back in and hands the phone to jacob.
george looks unhappy as slides show him with his proud parents.
mary jane's glum expression melts away.
joseph, in a green t-shirt with white and gold bands around the middle, walks downstairs and into the kitchen.
the passengers on deck, including rose and cal, gaze up.
without looking at paula, kate walks away.
he looks up and narrows his eyes as harry staggers towards him holding the bloody sword in one hand and the poison fang in the other.
jack looks up at the water tower, then spots joe.
goats swarm around in front.
harry potter suddenly emerges from under the sheet and pretends to be asleep.
the flies are swarming now.
-- is gone.
she smokes as she makes a call from the driver's seat.
holly takes a sip of her drink as hannah and elliot walk over to her.
harry seems to split voldemort's head in two, revealing only the black smoke, as they land in the courtyard and roll away from each other across the cobbles.
chili sits back.
mitch's wife karen shushes them.
natalie is beside ryan.
he and watson get to their feet.
they form a straight line with another couple before releasing hands,
the walls are covered with comics individually wrapped in plastic covers which reflect the light.
everyone is laughing.
professor mcgonagall spreads her long fingers and points them at the statue.
gandhi has bowed to jinnah, now he looks a little startled at prakash.
next up, he dons dark goggles and tries to cut his way in with an arc welder.
the boys walk through a set of ground gates staring agog at the magnificent architecture.
bert laughs and signals the bartender for another round.
they start in a few steps.
sitting in the patrol car, joe watches as the two men shake hands.
empty-handed, rose glances around the office.
behind him we can see lenny casually reaching down and grabbing an ankle.
the camera pans him over to the right until he is lost behind the building.
she briefly lowers her gaze.
malcolm moves around the corner on his street.
kevin, eyes closed, hopes he hasn't gone too far.
he opens the cabinet and places an apple inside.
reaching the far end, they find two intervention teams approaching.
kate remains at her desk.
he walks calmly through the teeming crowds and looks up at the departures board.
holmes pulls a face.
dillinger grabs cahoon by the back of his jacket and points an odd, waxy gun at his head.
faintly, behind the singing, there is also a droning high-pitched noise.
he zooms down after peter, who swings into a narrow gap between the tall buildings, propelling himself along from thread to thread.
back on harry's desk, the book opens and glows with light.
dillinger and red escape onto a rooftop and hop down to a dark yard at the other side of the launch.
bernie gets up.
he carries her down the hall.
with his eyes still focused on the distant apartments, jeff continues talking with gunnison.
ben follows.
they drink in unison.
at the bar, yvonne and the german officer place their orders.
then, up ahead, the cars start moving, shoved aside by massive hands.
another night - some soldiers patrol the area.
jamal looks incredulous as salim pulls latika back into the room.
she pushes aside a press photographer.
he bends to pick up his book.
grimsrud turns to look.
suddenly irritated, colloredo signs to arco, who steps forward and shuts the door, ending the applause.
he notices them looking.
dillinger scans the hillside but finds no sign of anyone.
she lowers her head.
it is a cold wintry dawn.
malcolm watches his client, standing unafraid in the spot light for the first time.
we pull back from the name jeffrey lebowski engraved in silver to reveal that the plaque, from variety clubs international, honors lebowski as achiever of the year.
as david disappears inside, harry emerges from a neighboring door.
bernadette reenters the kitchen.
slowly running, she flashes her middle finger.
and the bills endlessly unfolding out of charlie's hands and floating onto the table.
a small white glimmer appears on the river and a cone- shaped reflection in the water.
merrill looks over at him.
she's lifted off the ledge.
and graham opens the door to find a bleary eyed merrill sitting perfectly still, staring fixedly at the tv.
the soldiers are now upstairs.
girls breathe on a cold window.
he turns his head and homes in on the black trunk on the floor of the closet.
all four turn and look at the three boarded up bedroom doors.
spider-man stopped it in front of his face.
she turns towards haley, trying to follow his gaze.
the women smiles at the wriggling bundle.
jeff watching intently.
debbie glares to pete.
he stands sheepishly, hands in his pockets.
tuvia's face is full of foreboding.
ricky comes into the kitchen and slowly approaches lester's lifeless body, wide-eyed but not afraid.
nick and jordan walk arm-in-arm along a busy city street.
again fezzik slams the man in black against a boulder, only this time his power has diminished and fezzik starts to slowly collapse.
she opens her mouth, and the pincers go in, as everyone gathers round to watch.
through the frosted glass wall, peter sees the gunman cob the promoter.
the odd man is spinning an egg on the floor.
she jumps off the stage.
ben surfaces and, in one movement, pulls himself up on the raft and lands on top of mrs. robinson on the bed.
hermione pulls a face.
and his face brightens a little.
javert raises a hand to hold back one of his men.
the station wagon slowly moves up the street toward them.
before the judge has a chance to speak, the doors open and valjean bursts in.
he dances towards gwen and rips his black suit jacket off his shoulders.
she brings out her mobile and scrolls down past bergdorf, bloomingdale's, and chanel to derek smeath.
he inspects the house, checks the number, goes up on the front porch and rings the bell.
the elevator stops.
he moves slowly into the 'holy of holies' picking up objects with great reverence - a billiard ball; a discarded wig; a sock; a buckle - then objects more important to him.
grinning, kevin hangs up.
will races edward down the row, finally reaching the chevrolet.
in another, she sits on an elephant's back.
she uncuffs a hand.
sims sees the man go down but keeps running.
hooper sounds different actually, he sounds gay.
she hesitates, now glides away from the party, her step quickens as she walks up towards the hill.
two maids stand aside to let her pass.
suddenly the door opens and reggie shrieks -- but this time it is peter.
a bus pulls up to the bus stop.
bert and man working in rain, sorting through travel posters.
dante throttles randal, choking him to the ground.
frail and white-haired, inez is lying in bed.
a look of surprise crosses ezra's face as ben goes.
now letters rain down into two boxes, spelling out a logo.
suddenly, he softens a bit.
it's a two-wash-basin affair, with a colored attendant who, as don enters, is brushing a customer.
icey in background, stirs fudge at a little soda-fountain stove.
lilka's clear blue eyes look searchingly at tamara whose face crumples.
she trips on the fallen lamp and fall to the floor.
charlie slows down as michael stares at her.
people walk about and sit at tables in front of a large building.
then mildred cuts in to dance with edward.
octavius, sitting in the water, regains consciousness.
the safe door swings open to reveal stacks of cash.
hermione and harry watch themselves and ron run back up the hill, then they creep back into the garden.
dorota, no longer pregnant, and michal enter, come to the bed.
lockhart is packing.
so it can get inside.
eowyn turns to the king.
he turns and sees a goat.
our view quickly rises into the sky, following the sun through a full day.
inside, dillinger springs awake.
david watches her with a mesmerized expression, as elise wraps her arms around a male dancer's necks and he lifts her.
ferris is in a dirty black bmw with a heavy-set guy wearing shades, skip.
she rounds a corner and the coupe clips the curb as it takes the corner.
he calls.
they go up a flight of stone steps, push a metal grill open and emerge on a dark street beneath a bridge.
next is an electronystagmography (eng).
mr. dietrichson sits in a big easy chair.
the huge doors swing open.
they start to walk.
ben stands in a shop doorway, watching ezra play.
he coughs.
ron shakes the bell given to him by the goblin.
he looks at the litter box.
aragorn turns and is confronted by an armoured troll, wielding an enormous mallet.
harry lies unconscious.
later, harry's doddery old man servant, bernard, embraces his young master.
the colonel watches him go, uneasy.
houdini lies motionless on the ground near the climbing frame, with morgan kneeling beside him.
peter slues the sky stick round.
miranda's reading a magazine.
he indicates that's a yes.
he looks at her open lips as if in disbelief at himself.
they are too involved with each other to notice lester watching them from the drive-thru window.
she's shocked he's still there.
beaten and bloody, javert stares at valjean slacked faced.
adriane works on a laptop in his quarters.
the bellboy leaves as she moves to close the other.
bandy comes slowly back into the room.
he holds up a beautiful snowy owl in a cage.
snape enters a bare store room, and climbs a flight of stairs.
jackson grabs noah and they hurry up towards the ark.
forrest and jenny walk past the protesters who are camping out on the lawn.
the air is full of torn pages and flying pixies.
the aging man sits in a jail cell.
there are tears in her eyes.
glass chunks rain down on the boys -- all covering their face -- cary seeing the creature.
all of the children draw colorful pictures.
their swords cross, then again, again, and the sound comes so fast it's almost continual.
rose hurries through a revolving door.
he grabs it from her pocket.
he clears his throat and turns to the door.
in the park, zoe is walking on the benches.
just then, a pair of double-decker buses sweep directly toward the knight bus.
she pulls out a yellow dress with pleats and orange flowers.
the skiptracer elbows her stomach and holds her back.
the motorcycle tire enters frame as the bike comes to a halt.
he gazes lovingly at the keyboard.
neville's wand is hurled across the room.
in the study, the queen picks up phone from a desk.
in the restaurant, she chats to a middle-aged couple.
she joins in some choreographed dancing.
josh, a thin boy with fair hair, is last to kneel, bow and make the sign of the cross.
he sees violet bick standing there.
a blanket is pulled up over him.
back at the bar, yvonne, an attractive young french woman, sits on a stool drinking brandy.
dave stands up to leave.
everett, pete, delmar and tommy are entering through the back door.
he brings out the knife.
he stands in the doorway.
slowly at first, he begins to retreat.
tuvia, with his two younger brothers near him, looks defiantly at the silent huddle of people, watching him.
now mrs. bennet is being driven in a carriage.
willie angrily throws down his knife.
as her hands lose their grip, indy just manages to grab one of them, he himself sliding forward across the slanted floor.
szalas goes to the window, looks out.
mike looks baffled.
this was quite an effort.
as adam walks away from camera, down the platform.
as vizzini's pleasure has been growing throughout, the man in black's has been fast disappearing.
he starts patting his pockets as if looking for something.
they each have a drink.
don pulls the purse imperceptibly closer to himself.
joseph comes down the stairs.
mike hangs up the phone.
there is a great similarity and a great understanding between them.
lednicki stands for a moment, then turns and goes.
they hug.
just beyond, there is a plate on which a solitary sandwich.
king george observes from his perch.
the eldest one speaks.
as he takes off his jacket, jack's son, bobby, scoots back in his black leather office chair and glowers.
bob shines one at michael.
two poles, without armbands, one of them bartczak, drag him away.
nora is still sniffling.
brock uses a satellite phone.
the title is over a black-and-white illustration, which becomes a skyline of london, terraced houses, chimney pots and slate tile.
darcy is still serious.
he stops, turns, then looks down.
this is where the magazine indian opinion is printed and we see stacks of it lying around.
later, tony sits at a desk with a female assistant beside him.
lila looks up at the house.
winston turns to leave.
jean rushes toward the door, cloaked by the shower curtain but awkwardly trying to push it off.
benjamin's legs suddenly give way beneath him, and he collapses.
joe returns home to find jack at the dinner table with his other deputies, tally, mina, rosko, ross and jay.
peter flings the photo of flint down on the desk.
the warden glances back as the accomplice leads him away.
high above osgiliath, the sinister profile of the witch king seated on a fell beast as gothmog stands, awaiting his orders.
she throws open the closet and starts flinging the dresses out into the hall.
klaatu turns to look at the man.
struggling to call back over his shoulder as he is firmly led out the door.
the helicopter rotates smoothly in the air, then flies away.
harry watches helplessly as she hurries down the black and white marble floored hallway into the lift.
harry stares angrily at the shining metal.
he looks at the lever marked d-4.
couching low, tuvia sprints between the cowering people.
regina stands in the bow, watching him.
the three cling on as the dragon bursts its way through a glass dome onto the roof.
on the research ship, the now older rose opens her eyes.
starts to pull himself back in.
mary pauses outside the door, is about to start forward when norman comes round the building and walks along the porch, past the office, stopping only when he is close to her.
jack quickly wipes saliva off his own chin.
on the armchair near the kitchen door lies helen's leopard coat.
they look at each other guiltily.
the young red-head looks down at the peaceful figure on the bed.
narcissa puts her arm around him and leads him into the crowd of death eaters.
banky draws a four-way stop.
it is the beginning of an enduring friendship.
edward suddenly drops out of will's arms with a splash.
the porter stares -- amazed.
he stands.
marwan, hani and the rest of the men get out of their cars.
she's very close -- just a half-inch from kissing him when -- -- edward gently holds her back.
commands rank after rank of elven archers.orcs retreating before the army of the last alliance.elendil holds aloft the great sword.narsil.
she dances her way around the room and finds herself wearing vincent's overcoat
marge absently rests her own hand on top of his shoulder
he bumps into kyle.
as eddie looks about him at the circle of silent men, each one glaring at him, his fury gives way to fear.
another woman tries to bar his way but he pushes past her and out of the house.
he reaches into his briefcase.
up on the balcony, fletcher does the same.
they start to dial the number on their mobile phones.
he thumps his chest.
back at home, nate wanders out of the bedroom and finds andy looking through some of her old articles and photographs, including one of her with her parents.
parrish is frightened by the response.
the customer is shrinking back into the chair.
stumbling through the dark forest.
suddenly, two hands enter frame and grab loomis' shoulders.
it swings, knocking over a pane of glass which shatters, sending vicious shards raining down.
brian steps forward to greet them.
he crashes it twice over peter's head.
the sun that lies on lothlorien has not power to enlighten the shadows that lie beyond step onto a wide fleet filled with a soft light.
throughout the scene he attempts to spit, but each time is stopped by some amazing thing clarence does or says.
alastair goes to the door.
on his head is a black leather mask with two eye holes and a zipper (closed) for a mouth.
carl looks up wonderingly, then starts toward the stairway.
he comes downstairs and finds the lobby deserted.
sidney smiles, then looks up to see a large stone ornament.
she stops, the anxiety and fear building up in her, her eyes beginning to fill with worried tears.
jack behind the wheel, he blasts the vehicle through the exit, along the road back to town.
emily watches him.
several delegates identified by little plaques in front of them listing their respective nations, and their aides, sit around the large table.
he peeks into an office, where cornish beckons him to enter.
harry walks towards something lying on the ground.
they stop outside a detached house.
billie's eyes glisten.
using the explosion as cover, spider-man beats a hasty retreat.
a muslim nurse appears wearing a headscarf.
hagrid stands by the window watching buckbeak.
the agent ushers the stunned helen towards the helicopter.
anna sits alone at a corner table.
they caress each other's faces.
ryan grabs his boarding pass and walks up to the security desk, where he shows the pass to a security guard.
now we see who he's talking to.
harry goes into the corridor.
cole is curled up asleep with a tiny party hat clutched in his hands.
the students hand out printed leaflets and try to excite the crowd.
they embrace tightly, continuing to dance.
thenardier is going through the groom's trousers.
the housekeeper leads them into a magnificent long hall, lined with paintings on one side and windows on the other.
bones thinks about it a moment, then tosses the book aside.
harry turns and gazes at his mother, then moves towards her.
hermione and ron run from it.
the townspeople stop dancing, disbelieving, some shaking their heads.
hermione carries her meal down the hall and sits opposite them.
the telephone receiver still pressed to his ear.
holding onto a rock for support, he reaches down with the shell.
an old man -- zacky -- stands on a wobbly stepladder, changing a lightbulb.
the intervention officers stand motionless, looking on stoically as the lovers cling to each other.
he looks at irwin and the principal secretary for a moment in uncertainty.
hermione and the twins wear green and white scarves.
he looks at her and smiles.
the tiny spot of light hits his eye.
faramir as he finally realises the truth.
his fingers finally clutch one.
he honks his horn furiously.
ben shoots emily a last look before shutting the door behind him.
marcus is holding a gun on him.
spider tousles thao's hair.
holly pauses, looking at her sister.
a huge catch of shrimp falls onto the deck.
people on the sidewalk are looking at them.
and before inigo knows it, the six-fingered sword is knocked clear out of his hand.
the young woman looks up at him.
she's smiling.
the three men look at one another unhappily.
now, the sunlight casts a bright glow off of debbie's long, golden blonde hair as she drives.
as he disappears into the next room, a dead nazi radioman swivels into the room.
jeff watches her.
the poker game is in progress.
kate smiles and goes down.
the derby players leap to their feet and roar, red-faced.
after a moment, he pushes himself off the wall and moves to the center of the walkway and stands there with his head down and his hands in his pockets.
he pulls her along toward the door.
the receptionist raises a pierced eyebrow and arranges some paperwork on a clipboard.
peter comes up behind him.
merrill feeds the parking meter.
as day breaks, the car reaches open countryside.
he moves out of the saddle and leaps from the speeding horse onto the trundling tank.
ripper bites vernon's leg.
the razor sharp edge of a sword comes into shot.
he is sobbing, but in his anger it seems almost as though he means to kill gandhi in retaliation.
diana talking with pensioners.
he turns it over.
ed sullivan is with marilyn monroe, who holds a trophy.
he drives away in his cream mercedes.
as the plane continues landing the cars are tossed out of the cargo door
he moves to a window, which is being partially boarded up on the inside and peers out.
he bites his lip and calls over his shoulder, to the back of the van.
watson draws a sword from a stick and cuts the rope holding the sandbag.
the plane shakes and the items fall from overhead bins.
fleur is swimming strongly, a delicate filmy veil over her mouth and nose.
she closes the door in his face, then walks to her son and leads him back to his room.
nick opens a low, metal gate.
kate points at a pan on the stove next to him.
- through the white curtains of the open second-story window into the nursery to reveal florence arizona, her back to us, screaming over the crib.
molly weasley hears them break through the protective shield around their house.
a light breeze ruffling his short dark hair.
sam flinches against the fierce heat blasting down the tunnel.
lisa is emerging from the kitchen, carrying the serving dish of their lobster thermidor.
will pours a glass from the pitcher on the nightstand.
the carriage stops as its occupant wants to watch what is going on.
what woke him up?
carl clambers out and walks off along the hall, looking around cautiously.
jules rises, moving toward vincent.
graham watches as both his children cry at the table.
sidney shields his eyes from glare of the flashing cameras puts a coat over sophie's shoulders.
lizzie smiles back at her, tearfully.
he makes his way to his seat.
eddie is up.
they jerk back to see tommy, shocked and betrayed, staring at them from across a small crowd.
the sound of hooves is close.
keyes is standing a few steps inside it.
as the guard opens the door, dillinger pushes cahoon away and slams brian into the wall.
karl the giant is bigger than any man you've ever seen.
as cannons are rolled forward, the students shoot down a few soldiers.
striding forward, she stops and lowers her gaze.
she shakes her head and moves on.
we see keith the teacher talking to some science kids in the background.
below the scoreboard we can see dil walking across a lawn toward the building where fergus is working.
klaatu closes his eyes.
he drops the camera into his lap.
they carry on kissing in the volvo and tearing off each others' soaking wet clothes.
she comes over.
the camera stays with her momentarily as she walks towards elliot and lee.
one trooper smacks the back of preacher's head with a pistol- barrel.
the camp is in chaos.
frodo looks at gandalf, each knowing the other has heard it.
blinking in shock and disbelief, peter gets up and leaves.
joe is locked on susan, it is as if there is nobody else in the room.
they loop over.
being onto each other, they surf past sandman, and peter leaps off the sky stick and catches her.
jacob shrugs, then slaps cal's cheeks.
mrs. walters joins the other elegantly-dressed guests as they climb the steps towards the fairy lit venue.
a tear falls from peter's eye as he imagines the scene.
she drops the sticks and hurries across the field.
a strangling rope around its throat.
hermione glances mischievously to harry.
auto engine starts up o.s.
he wrestles the crowbar away from the startled walter.
vincent, lance and jody, who were in sitting positions in front of mia, jump back, scared to death.
in tandem they continue on and disappear over the crest of the hill.
the front door opens, lynn carries cole in.
people shake his hand.
she storms off.
inside the building spider-man landed on, a receptionist sits at a desk in a hallway with black-and-white checkered flooring.
the lifeboat rows further away.
each time she hears george being slapped, she winces.
harry's smile goes away.
harry is wide-awake and listening.
kate rushes over as jackson emerges.
she claps her hands together like flippers.
dust rises as they apparate.
watson has a machine gun, holmes a pistol.
his body dances a little.
then she looks directly at marty.
there's a cake stand full of cakes and a big pile of brightly colored macaroons.
watching his mother, joe is quietly stunned.
the men are standing in lines outside cubicles.
she sprays herself with perfume, then sprays a cross on the cottage door.
one car smashes into a static one.
hi and ed watch, their heads following its slow downward arc.
we also find edward's mother and father, the mayor, and many others from along the way.
she peers out cautiously toward thorwald's apartment for a moment.
evan looks around, utterly confused by his surroundings.
pink exits frame, leaving mr. white alone.
they see draco running his hands over a tall, triangular, embossed wooden cabinet.
she walks into the living room.
fred throws the crumpled note at angelina.
jack moves fast through the crowded evac area.
graham's eyes are not on merrill.
lester turns around, smiling perfunctorily.
silvery feathers of light tumble from his lips, as if his very soul were leaving him.
harry pulls out his wand.
he vexes his feet against the chess table.
crashing through the wooden shutters as a clap of thunder disguises the noise.
suddenly the fearsome head protrudes into the minas tirith.
they walk through the bar.
charlie lowers the tray and kicks him over.
he sees more of his neighbors approaching with gifts.
the whole court rises, the astounded reporters the last of all.
turn on the camera.
a finger recoils from a glowing ring.
a robe is thrown at ferris's feet.
gokhale has started to walk with him, looking at him intently, penetratingly.
made over and looking fabulous with her freshly fringed glossy hair and an elegant black jacket and trousers on, andy strides past serena and emily and gets the phone.
mr. braddock starts to smile.
a man is dragged across the street.
tom just stares.
standing in the back is count rugen.
the grin is vanishing from his face as the plane starts to go down in a steep incline rapidly gaining speed.
kayleigh and lenny, walking by his side, do a double take.
miss torso sees that the cocktail glass of the third man is empty.
the snowy owl flies out of the train window, and sows away over a lake, as the express steams on towards hogwarts.
two other identical children enter and jump on larry.
mr. miller finally turns around and sees evan banging the blockbuster on the table.
he picks her up again, and they set off as more burning beams crashed the floor.
she gathers up her belongings including her phone and checks her watch.
sarah looks about her.
he leaps from roof to roof until he lands on top of a dome.
holmes downs his drink.
kate watches zoe as she climbs the front steps, opens the heavy front door and goes inside.
ryan tries the door.
they look at each other for a tense moment.
an old-fashioned, run-down house, unpainted and warped by the weather.
three men in fedoras and overcoats ascend a wide staircase, separated from each other by two center railings.
he slices through peter's thread.
harry moves into the glow of the big sony, the rest of the room dark.
duffy sits staring at nothing, walsh moves uneasily around the room.
camille looks alarmed and bond concentrates hard as they skim the valley floor.
he stands, head down -- a tiny dejected figure -- as the mighty rohirrim on their large horses ride by.
satellite dishes in the desert powered down.
in his head, frodo still hears her voice.
forrest walks up to the house, wearing his uniform.
the wind begins to blow strong.
on the floor, corina strums a guitar and begins her number.
the sound of a revolver being cocked brings him to abrupt hold.
he takes out cash.
they lead him off.
gollum cowering back.
as the blonde man draws closer, dillinger grabs him in a chokehold and aims a gun at gilbert.
the trio return to a small boat, which is moored on a sandbank where the stream widens into a river.
she leans through a doorway and smiles.
forrest leans down, placing his head on his mother's shoulder.
his eyes are on parrish and susan, he watches them admiringly yet ruefully.
jenny spots him sitting in the car and gestures to him, asking if he's actually going to come indoors.
the attendant takes the check and leaves.
he pokes her.
john walks down the front path of the house with a pool and palm trees at the front.
shafts of hazy, golden light flood into the workshop as they enter.
she has seen the patrolman.
max agrees and opens the door for the others to leave.
she is at her table, typing, while eddie stands at the window, trying to reach over his shoulder to scratch his back.
morgan turns a knob on the side.
nehru in his fine linen suit takes the pail awkwardly.
the three trails of smoke rise from the river, and cross each other in a blur.
the ring sits on the river of lava for a brief moment, then sinks away.
sarah gapes open-mouthed at the soaring crags.
harry follows her towards an archway with a fiery torch burning on each side.
he sees an army of snatchers, lead by scabior, racing towards the school.
as lee walks over to the drawing board where frederick is sitting, he is seen intently cleaning some paintbrushes with a rag.
beside them, the father raises his hands.
he stares down glumly.
she approaches with an unconvinced smile.
the dance event descends into chaos.
jeff's opinion of that is a short chuckle.
he is shooting as he did at ames, rapping in his shots with perfect control.
the figure of stella is seen, looking up toward jeff's apartment, and arms outspread in a helpless gesture.
burton shoots estevez.
the policeman laughs, agreeing broadly.
a table and bench are blanketed in snow.
graham crosses the kitchen and pulls some paper towels off a roll.
the boys move out beyond the end of the burning jetty and start to swim.
he sits there, immobile, like a ventriloquist's dummy.
barnes runs across to him, past the mess of twisted metal crowd control barriers.
gin stops in front of marcus, who moves his stetson and gets out of the car with a wary expression.
it breaks.
the building saddles a massive waterfall.
she stumbles a bit -- flattered, momentarily moved and his for the taking.
his wife, in the car, is a very attractive, sophisticated-looking lady, dripping with furs and jewels.
next to the man with the bullhorn, a tin-starred sheriff watches impassively through mirrored sunglasses, a bloodhound drooling at his side.
he points behind her
he places a cigarette in his mouth and picks up her camera.
it's dark as benjamin walks up outside thomas's house and knocks on the door.
peter sees the three-pronged pincers at the end of a mechanical limb clomp towards the cafe, bearing up otavious with him.
fingers locked tight around his throat.
to harry's surprise, he unfastens his artificial metal leg and places it on a stand.
narrowly avoiding the falling tower behind them.
he cups her neck, and they sink down onto the bed as they kiss.
sitting across from them, a younger inmate glances up.
forrest looks around as carla and lenore lean over and kiss him.
sitting in the front seat of a car, the old man holds out his hand.
clasping a powerful sword, his hands are encased in metal armor.
as the soldiers stand helpless in their truck and smoke billows over the town, king george walks slowly out through the burning prison gates.
valjean bows, and marius, his arm no longer in a sling but still walking with a limp, takes his leave.
mozart removes the blindfold to show a pale little face with staring eyes.
strasser observes their reaction.
a furious miss bingley signals for her sister to follow her.
drover trims his beard.
sporting dark glasses and smoking his long pipe, holmes turns around to a bruised and beaten watson, who is asleep beside him.
the dog destroys the trapdoor.
stokes is almost drowned out by the music as his midget looks apprehensively on.
her face crumbles, and she pushes her fists to her mouth.
crowds fall silent as they watche the tvs.
she enters, fixes her hair in the mirror, then goes to the door connecting her room with dyle's.
dobby stands on a balustrade, his arms outstretched.
behind him the door opens, and a woman enters.
it sniffs around a bit then, as quickly as it has come, it goes.
a wry smile, and he sits on the edge of the chair smuts has directed him to.
a wind seems to draw him away.
graham smiles to himself as he remembers the moment.
bo is asleep on graham's shoulder.
elaine starts walking down the corridor towards the exit door.
they move away.
skeeter, striding down a pathway, stops, the sun outlining her long, ringleted hair.
helen leads the way into the house.
mr. blonde just stares into the cop's face, holding the razor, singing along with the song.
he squirts some wiper fluid onto the glass, which clears it up a bit, but now he sees something worse up ahead.
she stands beside him, arms folded.
hani gestures and marwan opens the door for ferris to get out.
wilson looks around at the double doors are closed behind him.
sunlight glows through a tree's branches, bathing the stranger's face.
nick sits in myrtle's apartment in town, watching her little dog eat leftovers off a plate.
arrows fly!
he presses himself on her.
the herd approaches a wide river.
debbie's smile fades as she stands before him, her sweater open with a nipple exposed.
carl leans down and kisses her passionately but tenderly.
he turns away from the street.
pete pauses at the last cupcake and takes a deep breath.
he crouches down warily and reaches for the torch.
alison's notebook lies on top of a lit candle.
a man leaps toward the lifeboat.
harry plunges down onto a windowsill.
they look.
hermione looks at harry.
she pushes herself towards him and they kiss.
a jeep bounces along the road.
joe stops sponging on the makeup and stares at her uncertain of how to respond.
kate comes back with a second plate.
she looks distressed.
in the rain, a sprinting david holds a hand out to traffic.
he then turns back.
a wall of water is crashing through the hollow.
only don price, smoking on the corner, isn't sad to see edward go.
there is an excited stir; he silences it.
he frowns and she avoids his gaze.
the film cuts back to elliot in his analyst's office.
forrest continues with his life story.
harry looks anxiously around and stares up at the balcony surrounding the room.
several colorful hot-air balloons hang in midair with baskets suspended beneath.
the ringwraith suddenly slides off his horse, leaning over the mossy log, peering suspiciously into the woods.
the boy continues running.
the house seems threateningly still.
forrest holds his hand up to protect his face.
he hands over a scrap of paper, shakes szpilman's hand and goes quickly.
evan looks miserable, about to do the deed when -- carlos bulldozes past the aryans into the room, slamming karl into the wall and jamming a shank into karl's crotch!
indy climbs from the car and hurries up the walkway.
she walks back to camp with the dead dog slung across her shoulders.
he gathers up the morning paper which is lying untidily on the floor and puts it in the waste-paper basket.
she puts the packages in the suitcase.
her expression growing distant.
the man in black is not now and has never been a shrimp.
gandhi looks at the full theater -- all standing.
elijah watches as the silhouetted figure of david dunne jogs down the darkness of the tunnel.
he stops and smiles menacingly.
she wears a dress and has a small tattoo on her shoulder.
ginny spots him and breaks away from harry.
two flapper girls in flouncy yellow dresses do the charleston with a man who's standing on a podium.
spider-man leans forward and presses a button.
she too is amazed: he's looking at her as if he already knows her.
at a table, he talks to yet another beautiful woman.
malcolm just sits and thinks.
down below, a convoy of squad cars speeds towards the waterside.
he climbs in.
he smiles at her playfully.
50-something daisy crosses her dance studio.
david stands gazing at the door, seeing shadows of people passing back and forth inside through frosted glass panels.
preacher starts toward it, leaving them at foot of stairs, then turns, catching john's ruse.
they begin to walk again as the movie cuts to the interior of the pageant book & print shop, an old, serious bookstore.
he looks out over a beautiful, desolate landscape.
mj turns to face him.
the water up the tarmac swelled by the onrush from chesapeake bay thunders towards the city.
spirits buoyed by the high school marching band, all the good citizens of ashton are gathered to see off edward and karl.
one of his men collects cash from a teller.
freddy turns on the drying machine.
the red interior of the tent gets lip up.
she stands up and walks towards him.
the water is clear.
merrill looks up the stairs at the boarded bedroom doors.
mrs. robinson shakes her head.
charlotte's looking elegant in a tight fitting turban, smiles loftily at hilly.
sitting behind charlie, michael leans to her with a sincere expression.
the strings of light bulbs shake.
doyle looks back toward thorwald's bedroom.
upon its outthrust knee is the guarded city: minas tirith.
pearl is picking daisies.
joe backs up, afraid -- it was almost a labored groan -- mechanical or animal?!
he tumbles from the bed.
edwards recognizes him from last night.
she hits the floor and rolls over, holding her leg painfully.
madame thenardier walks up and takes the bucket.
he looks at holden and points to it.
snape is overcome with grief.
he chugs on the bottle of juice.
he dusts it off, holds it upside down and looks into it.
morgan climbs onto the roof of the car.
the oldest member of the mysterious four-man team from the rooftop gets out of the car in his fedora and overcoat.
banky walks away.
finally, he throws his arms around him.
everyone is in a circle putting their hands on the boot.
a graphic paper plane flies into a bin.
emily goes.
he throws an empty can into the hold of the boat.
kayleigh looks overwhelmed as she sits down.
gandhi is leaning out of a window in a third class coach.
shadowfax bounds up stairs onto the level one battlements.
she walks out calmly, leaving us alone in the dark, empty room.
chili slowly moves his gaze up through hibiscus until he's looking at the man's bearded face.
the child takes the camera from hannah, as well as picking up a second identical one from the table.
green's party arrive, his grim-faced driver carrying two metal attache cases.
david opens the other door, but finds only the small conference room.
a teenage boy, harry potter, walks across the field.
fawkes the phoenix swoops down.
it sits on the rolling green lawns.
bernie gives claire a little frown and turns back to the tv.
we reveal the bloom house, the nicest one in the neighborhood.
abby looks worried.
the president gets out of his limo in a bright empty parking lot dotted with armed agents.
melvin is craning periodically to keep an eye of his dog.
opening the book.
his immobilized left leg hits a rack of comic books.
the mechanical limbs move slowly about him, like mythical serpents.
he holds the phone and looks through the glass door of the telephone booth.
as baby face pulls the car to a halt, dillinger addresses him with a frown.
amitabh descends from his helicopter to cheering crowds.
now constituents wave signs.
the walls and floor are lined with shiny black tiles.
peter stares up, bathed in an orange glow.
he is taking a cigarette from a pack.
she has hair of deep gold and timeless, unsurpassed beauty.
merry looks at his friend.realizing frodo is in deep trouble.
and with that, edward walks down main street.
juno lets out a genuine shriek of pain.
the waiter is across the room.
students crowd into the school cloisters and gaze up in excitement as it swoops down towards them.
then her expression changes sharply as she looks slightly to the left.
sheepishly, the bartender replaces the balls in their original positions.
in the car, mike is dead.
he lies on the road, cuddling her and weeping.
he looks up at the judge.
ahead lies a tiny one-street town -- smaller even than ashton -- with powerlines emerging from the woods to feed it.
debbie sees oliver (65) sitting stiffly at a table.
he returns her silent gaze.
the protective shield, the burning wooden ground stones at the quidditch pitch illuminate the dark hillside.
a carriage wheel shatters the glassy surface as we tilt up, catch a procession of horseless carriages, carrying students toward the glimmering castle.
he feels the shadow of his mother.
as she steps by, he gazes after her.
she looks surprised.
emily presses down a lever.
the opening titles continue now with the animated background of skyscrapers.
dr. brooks, holding mickey's x-rays, walks past a row of bookshelves to his light panel.
an old man joins him at the foot of the ladder.
as we approach the doctor and carol seated across from each other at a small table.
mr. ollivander picks out a third box and ponders for a moment.
the first has a single soldier standing in the back, and the second a whole troop.
from behind, glen gives her an energetic thwok on the ass.
the attendant swipes the card.
as sea water pours into the openings passengers back into the sinking ship.
harry guides cho's wand.
drover thinks for a moment, then rides off.
she leaves him standing there, more confused than ever, as she starts after dyle again.
poker-faced miranda removes her sunglasses and gets into the car.
both men look down off screen at the animal.
lester notices carolyn looking at him critically.
smuts signs the last document, then sees gandhi's doubt -- and misreads it.
she pushes a stack of bills across the kitchen table towards rebecca, who pushes them back.
she clicks.
and this is when we go into slow motion -- from here until the end.
george can stand it no longer.
barnes wears a focused expression as he drifts around the corner and weaves through traffic right behind them.
he walks down the row, studying the faces, greeting each one cheerily in spanish.
they pass the flood-lit houses of parliament, reflected in the water like a huge ocean liner.
parrish is seated by the window, lights from the party flashing past, the music and laughter audible but muted, the fever of the celebration lost on him, within himself.
the dust clears revealing the majestic white marbled palace of the taj mahal in the distance.
michael whips the gun away from bob's head and thrusts it back into his hands.
benzion fires back, killing two policemen.
mike comes in and checks a monitor.
the only sound is the fluttering flag.
he kneels, the sword held tight between his hands.
diana glances over at sandy, then leans toward the grated divider separating them from the officers.
harry pulls out his wand and strikes his attacker.
they all watch him intently.
some reporters spot him, he reverses and drives back onto the main road.
bob leans on the covered corpse and wears a wretched expression.
he runs across the station tracks.
phyllis takes off her dark glasses for the first time and looks at him with cold, hard eyes.
malcolm sits stoically at his desk in his basement.
he puts her face in the cake.
she takes a sip of coffee, then hears a noise behind her in the alley.
she listens hard at the door: hi's footsteps cross the living room, the click of the door opening, silence.
he tries the back door.
he snarls like the big bad wolf.
she closes them one at a time before moving to the coffee machine.
stella tugs at doyle's arm and stands on tiptoe to whisper something into his ear.
gandhi holds up his hand.
his manner is abrupt but cordial.
a silver-head man comes up alongside him.
mr. white turns to leave.
dillinger picks up a suitcase and heads off with billie.
his eyes roam frantically and he darts down a parallel street.
mary turns and slips out through the crowd, followed by ernie.
he throws his coat over the back of the sofa.
a steward addresses them.
he hands javert a rosary.
she tries to squirm her way back in but it's hopeless.
everett shakes his head.
behind him, abandoned on the front seat of the cab, we finally see the front of the postcard he's been carrying around.
she takes a large slug from a bottle of whiskey.
a little band of drummers and flute players suddenly begins to play.
eddie flexes his fingers, then tries out a shot on one of johnny's pool tables.
thelma and louise in car, driving.
he closes his eyes as the black horse starts to move across the board, between the remains of the shattered stone chess pieces.
the door to the room swings closed, as lightning flashes and the rain pours down on nighttime darwin.
she feels his pause, turns, and for a moment they share at each other across the darkened room.
clearly hypnotized by his move and his good looks, she forces herself to take a step back.
he looks across the room at sandra, whose hair, which had been pulled tight, is now loose.
a series of people addressing the camera, asking the dumb questions.
they carry him away past lilka, chaya, and rachel.
watching the merciless white queen, harry suddenly understands the game that ron is playing.
dillinger steps into plain view, walking between anna and polly.
bond raises the nose, gaining as much height as possible.
a waitress passes.
he walks up to hani.
now a screaming, unguided ball of flame, he runs across the chamber, disappearing out of the door.
it leaps out of his hands and starts to snap at his feet.
girls peel potato.
gebczynski leads szpilman down the stairs.
she is the perfect hostess, animated, charming, and with an added personal touch for each guest.
noah joins his father underwater.
asael hands layla over.
alone, despite it all, joe is happy.
hands still clasped, griphook stares ahead.
floppy-head peter is in his hallway with ursula.
they're at a viewpoint overlooking the city.
she grabs a grape from a fruit platter.
david puts his hand on the agent's shoulder.
she seems cold and suspicious as she limps toward the table.
she bends down to look forrest in the eye.
audrey joins david, watching their son.
part of the ceiling caves in.
bundles of dried firewood are being stacked around.
in elizabeth's sprawling bungalow the next day, aibileen, in her maid's uniform, is sitting on the toilet.
he shoots past duffy, expertly running off a couple of fast shots.
lee sits down next to frederick; he takes her hand.
he sees thelma and louise facing each other.
waterfalls tumble down the rocks of the previously dry canyon.
before can scream, the entire knight bus squeezes down and shoots the gap between the two onrushing buses.
with competitive ease peter scales the high sided brick building, his fingertips almost sticking to the surface as he makes his way out.
mrs. bailey and other women in red cross uniforms busily sewing, etc.
last but not least is the tomography.
lynn is irritated, this is a sore point between them.
he steps on the porch.
the wedding reception is in full swing.
sam wainwright comes in behind harry, waggles his hands at his ears as he talks.
he waves to her and smiles.
falls face-first into the dust.
aragorn keeps moving forward, his eyes locked on the spectre.
he moves the black queen.
he clutches a bottle of dog in his left hand as he strolls along and removes the cigarette from his mouth and takes a good pull on his bottle draining it of its contents.
merill picks up bo and rushes through the crops.
she seductively leans into him.
or is it a tattoo?
howard zooms back in vision.
jeep glares at his father, who shakes his head.
they tramp across some snow and walk up to the entrance.
gandalf raises his eyebrows.
and sends charlie flying backwards.
fording through it, he leads elise out onto a grassy island.
he tries to run off but one of the capacitors hits him, throwing him back onto the sand.
as she crosses the street, an elderly man turns to look at her and is almost hit by a car that pulls up with screeching brakes.
the sun sets against the manhattan skyline as they pedal alongside the river.
from inside a vault, dillinger tosses a bag to tommy.
kyo comes running down the stairs.
lester's face falls.
mia's eyes pop wide open and she lets out a hellish cry of the banshee.
as they go out, sarah stumbles, and he catches her by the arm.
martin brings his hand back, nods, lost in thought.
he beckons to his older brother to join him out of the earshot of the others.
joe's eyes are riveted on drew.
they look down at the ring.
in his office norman receives the response.
voldemort stalks amongst dead bodies in gringotts bank.
each side of the triangle contains a name written in white.
halina sits beside her, puts an arm round her.
the car behind him is splattered with blood.
gandalf sits quietly in a courtyard, alone, defeated.
malfoy and his cronies are on the slope above hagrid's cottage.
he is holding on of hands.
rose stands.
we approach them steadily.
the silence is broken by a knock on the door.
armored vehicles are tossed to side like toys by bursts of sand.
inside, the tea things are being cleared away in the drawing room, where mr. bennet, mary and jane are sitting.
then once you do, push down on the plunger.
as nathan allows himself to be led back into the house he calls back over his shoulder.
she tries to wipe them away, but there's too many.
the german is consumed in the fire.
suddenly, a shimmering barrier is thrown.
preston reads isaac asimov's science fiction magazine -- suddenly jack is there, grabs him and pulls him up.
she spanks big chuck as he rapidly knocks his knees.
a british general is coming down the gangplank accompanied by his adc.
he takes a red book from his pocket.
tim looks up when dr. briar enters the corridor and walks to meet her.
indy reaches into the back seat and retrieves his bullwhip.
the writing on it appears.
elijah starts breathing harder.
instantly, she grabs it, rises, and hurls it through the open window.
fergus collapsed back on the bed, exhausted.
the woman hurries out to him.
aragorn's force of 500 approaches the great black gates of mordor.
it all continues as joe has entered from the front door.
mr. bennet is sitting peacefully by the fire in the parlor, reading a book and sipping a glass of wine.
cole watches as malcolm walks down the stairs to the entrance.
the passenger door opens and out steps john, who looks up at the descending mj.
drew heads for the door, turns around.
rose places her hand on jack's lips and gazes at him.
having emptied a bottle of champagne into the silver cup, brian pours it into the players' glasses.
his staff peer in through the slatted blinds.
the colonel watches them go, his eyes dark.
as the two criminals get into the parked car, baum pops up and returns fire.
gabriel pushes michael away.
esmarelda's reaction takes in the strangeness of this sight.
tamara shines her torch on various animals in cages.
the room is full of the trailing smoke from guttering and guttered candles.
in the background, about ten feet behind, are two other cops, trying to keep up.
the wedding is on a lawn overlooking the ocean.
beyond her, the door to her apartment is open.
he takes a few paces forward and listens.
mike starts laughing.
harry catches it.
at the phelan's, skeeter, josefo and pascagoula are watching civil rights activist medgar evers on tv.
evan is sent sprawling backwards, his forehead bleeding freely.
watched from queenie from a high window, he crosses the lawn past the guy raking up dead leaves.
jay starts up the driveway.
later, percy leads them upstairs.
debbie cocks her head, her mouth twitching.
dieter drops it.
the whistling russian gramov escorts them out of the camp.
he moves over to henry.
but now his head moves back and he receives her kiss.
he and hermione leave reluctantly.
koscik is hanging from a rafter, with a wooden sign around his neck,
standing alone in an alley, he moves to the building.
whip enters the bathroom.
he pulls down a screen.
everyone else is laughing.
but her fall is in slow motion so you might think she was flying.
the men in the boat wear burnt orange robes and have shaved heads.
a few years later, and will sits with the other indian guides as edward continues telling the story to the tribe.
he turns him over, holding him in his arms.
behind him a mass of villagers sits stoically, outside the dwelling, waiting while their case is heard.
jessica drops her tray.
she sees jason and ronnie under water, but they look grotesque, red-faced and awkward.
miss bingley attempts to break the palpable tension by crossing to the piano.
rick's eyes follow them, but his expression reveals nothing of his feelings.
suddenly she stops.
gollum dancing gleefully.
simon notices some of his paintings.
gail opens the file cabinet and takes out a pack of gum.
holden reaches in and pulls banky out.
a porter puts the snowy owl carefully into the guard's van.
she listens to her parents talking downstairs.
back at the window, mj leans her head against the rotting frame.
the biker pauses for a moment, thinking or feeling.
the newspaper, the bottle of milk, helen's note -- are all as they were.
a thick lens falls from the frame as it bounces.
she moves suddenly.
harry watches the sobbing draco from the doorway.
she stops in front of a wizened old goblin behind a high desk.
marcus moves closer as willie pulls back the drill on the track.
as mavis leaves the kitchen, lee enters, carrying some empty glasses.
now, the two thugs lie in a car's trunk.
most carry plates or bowls of food.
valjean carries a large trunk out to a waiting carriage.
and with a nervous glance about her she places her hands on juno's belly.
the fireballs explode behind him.
at school the girls are in their pe get out for a run.
debbie and charlotte pass a pregnant woman with long, gray hair.
tex is startled.
she turns away from them.
he throws the door wide open so that the guests can see into the private apartment where the archbishop sits - and he can see them.
and he turns and drops his pass in the wire basket over the fire.
she stops cold.
he looks sharply downward, his body visibly tensing.
juno and leah are in the mall.
he holds the empty jigger in his hand.
as they twirl gracefully, male dancers leap across the other section, then drop to their knees and spin.
malcolm's eyes show he understands now.
karami darts between the van and a building and runs down side streets.
the students meet in a tavern.
inside, people slip and fall near the grand staircase.
harry vaults atop the bed, watches the book disappear underneath, then grabs a pillow.
charles threads the film.
the main factory woman starts to take fantine's letter over to the foreman.
benjamin looks back into the dining room, where daisy sits with little caroline on her knee.
after a beat, the camera moves to the right, zeroing in on marsellus.
he puts his arm around her and drags her on.
he stands in the doorway of a bathroom, where a boy and girl, not quite teenagers, are sitting on the floor facing each other, their wrists tied above their heads.
the newlyweds draw their shades again.
john shakes his head as marley savages the book.
guy in a smart hat and coat leans against a tree to get his breath back.
tiles on the dance floor light up as he struts from one disinterested group of girls to another, waving his hands and moving his pelvis.
the man is hauled away by two guards.
he looks around, scared.
they sit on the bench, their backs to us, partly concealed by the tree trunk.
she insists that the girl swallow down some pills.
the cavernous stadium opens up into a picture perfect blue sky.
upstairs, lizzie is leaning on her dressing table, studying her own reflection.
rose walks toward him.
he's wearing the jeans and polo shirt.
she poses.
as the bike is roaring by.
the huge giant leaves the room.
the gun lands on the table.
in his dingy office, brian smokes as he watches the clock.
he sees tom and daisy sitting at the dining table, talking.
a soldier with a flamethrower sends a plume of flame into a building.
harry follows, as snape leads the death eaters and the ashen-faced draco through the school corridors.
marius enters the first floor to join them at last.
sunlight falls across the table from the window.
he lowers the gun.
one of the other players is putting away his cue.
she pokes her head under the table to see that the contents of her purse have spilled.
deep in thought, he rubs his hands together.
faramir's badly wounded horse dragging faramir behind!
sandy pushes the card in again.
little girls file through a windowed office as daisy puts an arm into one sleeve of her coat.
salim crosses a road busy with tuk-tuks, cars, bicycles, and carts.
at the whist table, mr. collins lays down a card, much to mrs. phillips's disgust.
now the newly arrived convict stands behind his presiding officer and another guard at a door.
ryan turns to craig.
lilka steps out of the water to meet her.
veronica jumps off the freezer case, training the nozzle of the extinguisher on the activist.
schikaneder stands there, floridly dressed as usual.
he and joseph are outside.
but the tears continue.
a youthful daisy pirouettes onstage before an empty auditorium.
the film moves from the audience to the stage where holly, her hands clasped in front of her, continues to sing her song.
henry, frightened, grabs at indy.
sarah's voice is subdued, controlled.
she takes in huge gobs of air.
the film then moves to the outside of a charming glass and stained wood caffe.
he reaches a fair haired boy of about 10, who stares glassily across the field.
he smiles and lifts her off her feet.
he flirtively slips off his wedding ring and drops it into his jacket pocket.
with his hands round her waist, her belly touching his, she closes her eyes and rests her head on his chest, as they slowly sway together.
helen stands looking after him for a moment, then turns angrily and proceeds toward the pawn shop.
the hood is pulled off ferris's head.
he sits down beside her.
soldiers surround his position.
his thumb caresses her cheek in a gentle rhythm.
alicia smiles loftily at her and sashays away.
he shoulders the rifle.
he clutches the edge of the door and as it swings around with him he falls to the floor.
he tilts his ear toward the chairman.
a woman in a short, white skirt and a t-shirt gets out of a golf buggy with a guy in chinos and a polo shirt.
the dragon launches after him, as harry swoops low of the hogwards.
a cleric, a bishop, holds a lamp.
kevin watches maureen walk off, shaking his head.
she is breathing hard from her race to get there.
she is wearing a kelly green suit, and is seated at her dressing table.
violet is locking up for the night.
beside willie, who runs on.
sadiki sits on a chair in a shabby room.
sandy approaches his wife.
crouch stares back into moody's scarred face, then walks away looking confused.
the lorings' basement is dank, cluttered unfinished and unattractive, much like paulie bleeker's.
his eyes blink sleepily.
evan hastily hunts through his journals, tearing up the room looking for a certain book.
the moon light, filtering through the snow on the window panes, gives the empty classroom a mysterious air.
henry turns to indy.
as they fight, the corsac attaches a line to holmes' belt.
embarrassed, she quickly leaves.
both are staring wordlessly ahead at the road.
darcy looks after her thoughtfully before continuing with his game.
he punches his stomach with his fist.
sasah crosses himslef.
javier slips a cartridge into the pistol and removes his beige jacket.
they open their robes and embrace.
louise pulls out in a green '66 t-bird in mint condition.
george pulls the little box out of his pocket.
the shape leans up close to the kitchen window, looking inside.
opening her eyes the young woman gazes off, with a solemn, care-worn expression.
he steps inside, tucking his pink umbrella into his coat.
a faint shade of disappointment is seen on lisa's face; but she quickly recovers and looks down at the table.
nick goes to meet jordan at a rooftop restaurant.
he shambles back to her fiat and gets in.
the flaming fuselage continues to rocket through the tunnel like a bullet down the muzzle of a gun.
they struggle, tangled together.
and goes back upstairs.
he talks to joseph who stands in his position at the bottom of the stairs without looking at him.
szpilman stops playing.
ben pushes goodman's head back against a window and marches out.
and they get so close to kiss.
mother and daughter walk out of the kitchen.
laurel notices something dangling from the cat's collar -- a circular icon of a strange and beautiful metal.
he shuts his eyes and makes a wish.
thorwald comes down the two steps, pauses at the bottom.
the camera sweeps over the crowd, past the loudspeakers on their poles.
gothmog rises amidst the ruins of.
the goblin guide gets off the train.
an intricate carving appears in the stone wall in front of him, and then a large archway.
nema's grandma steadies a chicken.
tom sees a bereft wilson and frowns with concern.
juno sits down facing him with her guitar.
harry stares at the old woman looking puzzled.
lester's briefcase suddenly springs open and his papers spill all over the driveway.
after a couple of seconds gloria reappears with a wallet.
mitchell's on a ladder to the surface as bond picks himself up and keeps going.
he arrives at the lincoln plaza hotel, washington d.c.
the reporter who stands opposite him is walker, much, much younger, almost boyish compared to the way we saw him at the funeral.
the wagon whizzes past them.
sam, still teetering on the precipitous stairs.
smiling, fletcher staggers towards the soaking dance floor, trips over a plant pot and falls flat on his face.
with a shattering echo, the creature rips the doors away, creating a rock slide that crashes down the cliff face.
mary jane puts down her tray and hurries up onto the stage.
he turns his head, glances out the window at the old house.
thelma has forgotten all about the money.
she moves away from the fence, started and a little shocked.
sarah turns to fix the drink.
she picks it up, dials a number and waits.
the babysitter fixes her buddy holly glasses as she looks at the two suddenly quiet faces.
they watch vanessa for a few more moments.
wondering what to do next.
wearing a black hoodie and dark glasses, dale withdraws money from a cash point in a gas station mini-mart.
he pulls up beside some trees.
nelec loads an assault rifle.
the three singing convicts form a semi-circle behind tommy, who plays his guitar into a can microphone.
most of the berths are made up.
natalie has a gulp from her drink.
as he reaches the elevator, he looks back over his shoulder, to make sure keyes is gone, then steps into the empty elevator.
again the temper of it produces a little silence.
later, the bar staff are clearing up.
the bishop places his hand on valjean's head.
many bright lights on the arms shine out.
suddenly a tentacle whips out from between mrs.
in an office on a construction site, he speaks to a bald agent posing as a construction worker.
outside, dogs are reacting to marry's singing.
lester looks up suddenly when he hears.
the dragon settles on a nearby turret.
he stops short with a little giggle.
fabrizio puts on the lifebelt as water surges around him.
aron runs up to his brother's cabin.
salieri contemplates them both.
jeep shoots at gabriel, and the car swerves.
the bus pulls away from the curb.
he moves closer to phyllis again.
mary is helping pete decorate the christmas tree.
he goes and gets the pills.
the patient is lifted carefully onto a bed.
still wearing his tie, his shirt's sleeves rolled up.
miss korch produces the green scarf.
michael smashes the driver's window.
jack watches rose gulp down most of her beer.
standing in the fireplace, harry takes a deep breath.
he clasps her hand.
everybody in the place stops and turns to the tv.
ron contemplates his next move.
ferris walks up and follows him to his car.
she sees victor walking down the street and closes the blind again.
she is sitting on the couch, the kimono round her once more, looking very much like a woman.
she moves over to him.
jack pulls arm of the rose and then performs a special dance
he flexes the bony fingers of his left hand.
as holly continues to tease her sister, hannah opens a drawer in the cabinet.
-- their knees go out and they fall headfirst into the snow.
she's still clutching her cuddly toy.
gwen throws her head back.
norman goes up, pauses one moment outside his mother's door, then opens it and goes in, leaving the door open.
herzog turns and walks off.
peter half smiles as mj steps into the cab, shuts the door and watches as the cab drives away.
henry and brody still held at gunpoint by the nazi soldier.
it drops into ron's hair.
a soldier waves the van over.
charlie helps to guide her.
he stands at the window with his digicam, videotaping us.
gandalf thinking, calculating.
gandalf backs away and turns to run to the door.horrified as the doors suddenly slam shut.
one of the other gypsies watches from the boxcar as his dead comrade is left behind.
jackson swims into the hydraulic chamber and surfaces in an air pocket.
quickly guessing what's on doyle's mind.
she links her arm in his and continues on down the street with him.
spider-man removes his mask.
jenny touches forrest's uniform.
assembled around the cavern!
behind him, an orc prepares to cut down gandalf.
he strolls to the far end of the dressing room and kneels before a heavy-featured, sandy-haired lad, looking him in the eye.
in the graveyard, surrounding the church.
sarah walks out onto the veranda of the main house.
she runs indignantly after him.
her hair-do makes her seem middle-aged.
he lands on the car's boot.
ronnie is drawing on a blackboard behind his desk.
revealing hobbiton bathed in a warm sunset.
they swing their brooms round.
she closes her eyes as cal paces behind her.
quince sees parrish hesitate.
at the museum is a mock-up of an early telephone switchboard.
her eyes sparkle, and her body is tense with concentration.
on the counter under the cupboards stands the sugar bowl.
school boy looks across at diaz.
keyes has opened the door for jackson.
the crowd cheers the swing, and especially the batter as he rounds the bases.
he leans on a bureau and pulls out a prescription bottle from his pocket.
he looks at her license.
from the roof, the guys look down on the approaching hoard of impassive faces.
fedora continues to admire the cross, then places it on the rock next to its box and the lantern.
fleur leans out over the water and stretches out her hand.
she turns her head and blows out the smoke.
george, still looking at him, goes up to him and pokes his arm.
evelle holds nathan jr., occasionally bouncing him.
he stands looking back along the rails.
the speaker is mr. white.
smartly suited and pulling his wheelie case along behind him, he walks up to the arrival/departure board.
nearby, in a throne-like wheelchair, behind which stands the goon who furnishes the motive power, sits henry f. potter, his squarish derby hat on his head.
merrill sits back exasperated.
her face moves on to the screen.
he raises his gun and points it at javert.
bogucki holds up a towel.
more relaxed now, to ed.
he reaches self- consciously up to it.
forrest looks around as he hear the voices of the enemy.
flint marko strides along the tracks of a subway tunnel, carrying two clear sacks of banknotes.
her room is as orderly as the suitcase.
tom throws the money at wilson and speeds off after gatsby and daisy who are now ahead of them.
he undoes a button on his white jacket and sits, frowning.
a long silence, the words come out haltingly.
she gasps, startled, as indy enters.
he wheels as the door is slammed and reggie, who had been standing behind it, locks it and pockets the key.
he reports into a walkie-talkie on the activity by the basin.
passing lights gleam on the car's polished black hood.
he climbs over the wall, steps along a ledge and climbs onto the balcony of the next room.
nate pulls on his jacket and heads down the street, walking straight past andy, who is leaning against a car waiting for him.
they join the black chess pieces.
carr stands at the far end of the large conference table opposite charlie.
lifting her dress slightly, she ascends the stairs.
later, the two women writhe sideways across the floor like mc hammer.
bert shuffles a deck of cards as he talks.
near to meeting now.
elise loosens, then removes it.
suddenly he rises, starts quickly out of the room, tries to switch off the lamp as he goes and in so doing succeeds only in knocking the bird off the shade.
two women climbed, one a teenager, the other in her 30s.
it traps him fast behind the handle of the scythe.
elijah sits in a trance -- slightly hunched over.
eddie seems happy to be out with her, almost as if he has forgotten the casts on his hands.
he's excited -- smiling.
jeep struggles to get out of the car.
one of them takes him down.
the cavalry face the protesters, who are grouped around the hearse.
they envelope each other in a profound embrace their lips meeting passionately.
frodo finds himself in the weird twilight world.he looks upon the ringwraiths, now visible in their true appearance: five ghouls dressed in long grey robes, with white hair, and pallid, ruthless faces.
inigo, the spaniard, busies himself getting the boat ready.
dumbledore sharpens a knife against a rock.
the woman intruder, her young face contorted, leaps out of the window, still pulling howard.
daisy's head is buried in the crook of her arm.
edwards looks around.
norman springs out of his chair excitedly.
carolyn struggles to appear nonchalant.
the helicopter flies over jamal's roofless loo.
michael is searching the horizon in front of the diner for movement.
butch slowly inserts the key into the door, quietly opening it.
steaming along a straight dirt road between two green fields, kicking up a storm of dust behind her, she sits at the wheel of the ford fairlane station wagon, her lips curling.
gittes jumps in and she takes off across the lawn, tilting the elegant little neon sign on the lawn as she goes.
tuvia is coughing.
he glances back to the lookout turret.
he dons a cocky smile.
she takes off her coat, hanging it on a hook, then begins to dry her hair with a towel.
gandalf watches as pippin hurries away.
jane sits staring miserably into space.
he picks her up in his arms.
he walks into the kitchen.
lester pulls her blouse open, exposing her breasts.
diana swipes the anxiety pills.
he starts for it.
nick takes a pen and slides it down his throat, causing himself to vomit into his wastepaper basket.
the one ring reflecting fiery lava!
the procession continues to the front window.
melvin looks at the police, sizes up the hopeless situation and rises.
on the ground behind him, he sees the sword of gryffindor.
in front of him, stand his parents, with sirius and remus.
he turns and walks off, glancing back at her over his shoulder.
he wakes up.
she turns around quickly and dashes to the door, dropping the cigarette box on the table as she passes, the camera panning with her.
sadiki walks into the room and gets some money from a bag.
he lets patrick out of his car seat.
there's a gasp from the crowd, along with nervous anticipation -- what will happen next?
malcolm gets up and moves closer to their voices as he stretches his legs.
carol connelly talks with another mother -- a customer.
harry jumps back into bed as shadows appear in the doorway.
forrest's brace is caught in a gutter grate.
as the dude opens his eyes we spiral slowly upward to put him right side around.
harry puts a glass vial in his pocket.
dumbledore sees the writing on the wall.
jessica smiles at robbie, who fidgets awkwardly and looks down.
reggie looks at one, then the other, not knowing what to do.
they move toward the front desk and he moves with them.
ryan looks out across the room full of seated delegates.
theoden realising what aragorn is saying -- no matter the numbers he must commit to war by the morning.
martin gives walt a haircut.
stunned to see them.
she falls into his arms.
it stops nehru.
they're trapped.
the butler falls against a wall tapestry, sliding down to the floor, out cold.
minnie and aibileen, smartly dressed, hurry to church.
her smile fades as she notices pictures of him and tess on the desk.
he rests his cheek against the pillow as he lies by himself.
the trio walk down a cold, sunny new york street.
she tweaks with her switch.
mickey, remembering ron, runs into the dressing room.
they exchange a look.
they both land shoulder hits, and javier grabs the door of taylor's car.
she glances up as robbie glides past her desk on an office chair.
salieri appears at the door at the back of the salon.
lights shine from the durmstrang galleon on the frozen lake.
after a time he brushes the tears from his eyes with his sleeve and as he does so, catches sight of something which rivets his attention, brings a half-crazed smile to his lips.
debbie is walking through the campus upset.
purvis fires from behind the disabled car and peppers the plaster walls of dillinger's room.
ben backs away from his children, raising his hands, gun in one hand.
he reaches for his clothes at the foot of the bed and comes up with a greek-lettered fraternity sweatshirt and brown suede jacket.
clinging to its spikes, she hauls herself up.
the school is silhouetted against moonlit clouds.
bob stands by a nearby sink.
he steps into the water, then reaches up to help elsa do the same.
she stares at him, then turns away.
henry removes his hat and hits indy with it.
foley can't see him, instinctively holds the five dollars behind his back.
don steps over them carefully, closes the door and starts down the stairs.
everyone looks up as a string of sand whizzes past like an express train.
as the brim tilts up, we see the face of full grown indiana jones.
she hisses.
frodo rises to his feet, as if empowered with a frightening intense energy.
two boys in the back stare out through the rain-soaked windows as the handsome driver, brian clough, sings along to the radio.
inside, dillinger pushes the president forward.
as he kneels crying, helen rushes up to him, kneels down, puts her arms around him, and hugs him tightly.
charlie's face crumples and she sobs.
he hears crying in the corridor and finds the twins comforting a small boy.
ron sits on the back of the sofa and falls off.
more vehicles join the convoy rolling down the empty night- time highway.
all three are lifted off the ground.
as he carries it across the room, he glances at a presiding guard.
the ghost doesn't answer.
desi faces a middle-aged man.
hermione's cat, crookshanks, sees the ear.
brian leads nigel down the corridor.
she floats towards him.
dante lies on the floor alone.
daisy breezes through a dance studio.
abby puts down her glass and steps towards him.
outside, purvis addresses his agents.
the customers shuffle their feet and glance uncomfortably about.
he pours petrol into his car.
the little elf folds his arms in triumph.
bremner strolls up to brian and shakes his hand on the touchline.
pete scrambles to pick up the loose money.
a huge rumbling rippling red ball that fills the frame.
willie lugs the filled sack and seems to be straining.
spider-man is zooming along the streets, leaping from web to web way above the traffic.
he finds cornish's records in a box.
they bar harry's way.
the bullet catches edward in the shoulder, knocking him down.
bent forward tensely, he watches wick go into the living room.
laurie just stands on the sidewalk several feet from the bushes.
an old white ford sedan turns off the road and heads towards the petrol pumps.
his face falls.
mark, surfing on his pc, sees the blue van pull up outside.
the man coughs and steps out of the line.
she collides with a glass partition.
reluctantly, griphook slides the sword into her bottomless bag.
darcy's face drops and then returns to his usual stern composure.
the girls instantly stand and walk forward, the boys are all still seated.
confidently, he looks up at the white king.
he rides towards the large cargo vessel at the end of the wharf.
evan lies on a couch.
jody feels his cheek.
a robber elbows open a teller cage.
they start for the boat.
very faint light comes in at a side window.
they see gin come out.
they flash past colin with his camera.
she is pregnant.
the second guard's head explodes and he flies through a nearby fence to join his fallen comrade.
jen, his smoking hot 17-year-old sister, angrily sets the table where his father pays bills.
ron stands shoulder to shoulder with hermione.
neville turns to the others.
he rounds a corner, and we see an explosion of light up ahead as we come upon.
nick sits, looking quite relaxed.
her movements take on a blatantly erotic edge as she starts to unzip her uniform, teasing us with an expression that's both innocent and knowing, then.
the dictograph on his desk buzzes.
she stops, turns back to the crowd and smiles.
they quickly descend the stairs.
uncle billy is filling out a deposit slip at one of the desks.
he takes notes.
car locks are slammed down.
both girls watch him leave.
they are both intently munching cornflakes, staring at something offscreen.
forrest turns and looks, then rushes over.
a small, round ayah (an indian nursemaid) pushes open the door and proudly admits her charges, gandhi's sons: harilal (ten), manilal (six) and ramdas (two).
the marksman on the roof takes aim.
the father lifts the pump.
suddenly, a loud blast is heard, and white powder explodes over the throng.
he puts it down crabbe's trousers.
merry and pippin shivering in boromir's arms.
laurie picks herself up from the ground and runs as fast as she can, limping across the backyard, camera moving with her.
rose smiles at jack as they follow.
lizzie gazes at the countryside around her.
he opens it, riffles through the stubs like he was shuffling cards.
he looks up to see ron, now reg.
the shotgun is at bob's forehead.
the rest of the crowd all greet george with greetings and smiles.
under cover of darkness, the dursleys smuggle dudley into the car with a blanket over his head.
he and sarah grab the tiller.
he is a very good-humored man of about fifty, in shirt-sleeves.
hermione sits besides him and glances at ron.
military vehicles and personnel maneuver as gates open to admit them.
the twins grin.
-- the real-live twin towers on the actual fairgrounds in flushing meadows.
a flash hits the sword of gryffindor, catapulting neville backwards
a moving van is parked in front of the colonial house next door to the burnhams'.
barnes' eyes are fixed on the monitor.
bluff, friendly and coarse-looking, he stands in his hall amidst the leaping and barking animals, greeting mozart.
then, to his amazement, dyle is lifted into the air and, unable to break the bear-hold, carried toward the edge of the roof.
further in, they see students and staff.
and zus examines the revolver.
a third crop circle has two straight lines at either side, and a circle of maize remaining in the center, with another path leading off from its side.
dillinger reaches into one of the cars and rips out its ignition wires.
they part as voldemort followed by bellatrix strides through the army to the edge of the cliff.
merrill turns to the young man, about his age, who sits at the folding table.
out of the corner of his eye neff watches her go.
dil takes several silk stockings out of a drawer and ties them very securely to each corner of the brass bed.
all beweildered, parrish looks around once more, climbs back into bed, trying to trace the source of what he has heard or hasn't heard; he is not sure.
the helicopter circles overhead, then lands at the firebase.
she's just broken up with him but she's being nicer than ever.
his hair is long and silver, his face grave and beautiful, with no sign of age upon it.
there's an urgent rustling in the maize stalks beyond the swing, which gradually dies away.
he picks up a locket and chain lying at the bottom.
amos sits down and scratches his ear with his foot.
he quickly stuffs it in his pocket.
the ark floats towards everest.
frodo reaches up once more and this time sam grasps his hand tightly.
she's wearing a white silk gown.
tizzy enters queenie's sparse basement room.
the creatures have stopped coming at him.
the cloudy eyes of the old man stare sightlessly down the track as the seesaw handle rises and falls through frame.
he transforms back to himself.
the camera drops down to the apartment below, occupied by the elderly lady with the hearing aid.
forrest and lt. dan have dinner on the deck.
loomis starts up the car and pull away from the sanitarium.
ron drinks and collapses, foaming at the mouth.
she dashes out into the rain, to her car, gets in, opens the side window, begins to honk the horn.
the bus driver smiles as forrest steps up into the bus.
then gets up and paces.
they pause breathlessly at a tree trunk.
vanessa takes the note from his hand and turns it over, examining it.
he pulls rose up.
evan is about to enter when he spots kayleigh coming out of the kitchen with a tray full of food.
footage shows people standing in some of the circles.
moriarty sits at a chessboard and picks up the black queen.
the spider bites peter.
the movie cuts to lee, standing in the dark in frederick's loft.
he too watches the shield ascend.
cal opens the portfolio and studies the drawing of rose.
he gestures her into the office, standing back to indicate that he will go after her.
and when peter's done, thuds it across his back.
harry takes a breath.
he lies in the backseat.
already he has scored a victory -- and as he moves forward again, making the pranam, they return it with flushed greetings.
hilly takes another forkful.
charles does an orson welles style epilogue.
jackson watches by the limo as gordon comes outside.
boromir senses strider's presence.he looks from the blade to strider, as if sensing a connection.
he relaxes with an obvious effort of will.
beyond them we can see ed, outside, circling the front of the car.
david is standing at the top of the stairs above the the concourse of philadelphia train station.
westley, inigo, and fezzik, moving toward them.
he turns to the black guys.
he staggers towards it, stumbling on his knees, crawling.
in fact, they're just standing there watching him.
harry resembles a gladiator in a roman arena.
he looks at the buffet.
they go with fauchelevant.
the entire back side of percy's body burned away.
helen runs to the banister and looks down.
the smoldering twig fire.
hagrid picks up his crossbow.
then he becomes aware of the manuscript in his hand.
setting her own drink down, she faces the stage and takes his hand.
carved on the slab, is a triangle containing a circle, with a vertical line through it.
then says quietly.
enrique's pistol is holstered in his belt beside his police badge.
harry and peter enter a lab.
holly lights her cigarette, dropping her matchbook on the floor.
in an office, bob sits with a black guy who takes a gargantuan drag on a cigarette.
a car makes a right turn, and pete almost rides right into it.
we see the soldiers and sailors lining the route, their hands locked together in one seemingly endless chain.
he heads straight for a quiet huddle with bob.
she is still staring out the window, as the scene.
they gaze at each other, with their mouths slightly open, as if they're about to kiss.
the seated one with the bag stands up.
amazed, valjean looks up.
his room is piled from floor to ceiling with old papers and stuff.
standing in the doorway, sirius raises his glass and winks.
they look up in alarm.
on any occasion when major strasser is crossed, his expression hardens into iron.
the entrance closes up behind harry.
judy and the policeman are batting one another.
she reaches inside the refrigerator to grab a bottle.
his typewriter sits on a table in front of him and sheets of his manuscript are laid out on the floor.
the driver whips up the horse, and the wagon dashes off through the still-falling snow.
kurt looks out of a bedroom window.
administrator allsop looks down his telescope.
as spider-man hangs upside down in front of her, gwen peels back his mask, exposing his mouth and plants a passionate kiss on him.
transport to avoid the smoke.
ravache sips his wine.
minnie watching from a window winces.
he lands in a deserted construction site, his suit ripped and torn.
the three friends run off.
the undulating mountain range streching out beneath them rises ominously.
he reaches for a pill bottle.
phyllis nods and takes the ticket back.
she turns and walks through the breezeway between the house and garage around to the back door.
jerry is sitting in his glassed-in salesman's cubicle just off the showroom floor.
she pushes his head back into a basin behind him.
lupin stops him.
a dozen civilians from the movie house rubber-neck as they move closer to the scene.
the bludger explodes in mid air.
then a sparkle comes into his eyes.
aibileen looks across at yule mae and their eyes meet.
cole's brow furrows as he thinks about it carefully.
hermione's is an otter.
lt. dan and the other wounded soldiers wait for a rescue helicopter.
ben, facing her, keeps moving from side to side, trying to get her to look at him.
winstead and his partner move out in pursuit.
a hasp flips open and marcus swings the door wide to reveal a beer-guzzling santa-in-the-off-season known as willie t. soke.
elrond seated alone.
he goes to door, opens it.
rinpoche holds something up,
some bury their faces into their hands.
we see through the window of the restaurant freddy slide into the booth to holdaway.
the agents restraining billie indoors lead her outside.
anna follows red and veronica as they stroll away, leaving dillinger alone.
larry throws georgia over his shoulder and carries her off.
mickey turns from the window, shrugging, and starts to walk down the street, past a fruit and vegetable store with open- air-displayed flowers, past several briskly moving pedestrians.
david glances to the sedan driver who checks the bloody- faced cabbie.
harry runs along a corridor, where the roof is collapsing.
klaatu studies him, then turns away from the chalkboard.
lee walks along the sidewalk in the rain; she's bareheaded.
standing tense and still.
he puts his arm around her, gazing past her.
the flag has not touched the ground.
he puts his beer down and fiddles about underneath the tumble dryer, adjusting its legs to stabilize it.
drenched by the rain, he stares at them with window glides up.
aron, chewing on a piece of bread, hands it to rachel, the teenage girl,
by the pulpit, photos cover a large board.
smiling unpleasantly, fletcher hangs up the phone in his office overlooking the whole of darwin.
back to rick, still standing where he was, as a customer walks by.
now, at a hip bar, she enters wide-eyed and approaches the bartender.
icey enters the shot and whispers and beckons willa and, as the singing continues, they leave the group and start towards a shade tree in medium ground, which we pan to center.
michael clutches on to sandra, who sinks to her knees.
she picks them up.
cedric lying dead.
debbie rolls her eyes and crosses her arms.
sim sits cradling holmes in her arms as watson stitches a wound in his own flank.
harry and ron follow the spiders as they swarm across it.
she leans in closer.
there is a cocky leer on his face as he reaches for the dollar bills.
susan halts, in the distance a figure is approaching from over the crest of the hill where joe and parrish disappeared.
hurrying past.
punch's head appears on the other side of the stage, says something, then ducks out.
the colonel stares at the floor, blinking, and then he turns and runs out the open garage door into the rainy night.
cole loses his smile.
hugh takes a pair of binoculars and watches a woman step out of a black suv.
as another man comes up to have his book signed, the bearded agent sits beside moriarty and passes him a note.
the sunlight from the stadium streams in causing long shadows.
adrian father harry plays the piano
the skiptracer crashes through the dividers, heading straight for him.
as winstead dives into a roll, dillinger's gun empties.
we descend to a poor riverside farmhouse; john and pearl tether a boat in front of it.
harry cowers, protecting his head.
falling snow deadens her footsteps.
mickey gets up from the couch where he'd been sitting.
he notices the abduction through the window.
harry throws more bombs at peter.
with much clanking they file into one row and then, that row filled, the one behind it.
she is wearing a pale blue summer dress.
playing the detective, martin stares at her.
from the truck, the cool commander watches the carnage while his subordinate blazes away.
the purple bus disappears into the night.
he half smiles and nods.
they lie in each other's arms, naked, covered by just a sheet.
harry eyes black, wand hand shaking violently.
she hands him the case holding the heart of the ocean.
peter opens his fist and looks down at the ring nestled in his palm, then turns and runs as harry swoops down.
bob steps off the chair and backs slowly away from the tv as if a little distance will bring some clarity.
she looks at mike, haughtily.
willie gives him the stake money.
holden looks in the same direction, and then looks back at banky and nods.
she breaks off a switch and comes for them, squishing through the mud.
he empties clothes onto the floor.
he takes his hand away, and the orderly wheels easter off.
we're focused on angela now.
cole moves them to the floor.
the two of them as the grandfather sits in a chair by the bed.
as he enters with present.
he removes a shoe and takes out the scrap of paper gebczynski gave him.
hanging in the lounge is a portrait of harken with his wife and their cat.
he takes out a letter with a wax seal and gives it to harry.
sallah waves his arms and shouts to a camel herder.
it reads disconnected, call failed, searching for signal.
the camera is very low at one end of the divan.
as he stamps on the throttle, the bus is tipped onto its side.
gulls fly over them, squawking in the growing light.
flashlights go off as david's family steps out in the open air.
he is sitting in his pajamas on the wide-stone sill gazing out of the window with his knees tucked up under his chin.
police cars approaching in background.
sandy sags as she runs to his car.
the horse-drawn carriage continues on past the green canopy of trees.
the queen, more sprightly, is several paces ahead.
looking straight down at the tops of reggie's, grandpierre's and an attendant's head and smack into the open drawer.
bo catlett goes over to the stereo.
asael strolls down to chaya and tuvia cracks a rare smile.
graham puts the three glasses back down and walks into the dining room.
she finds his jacket and then submerges herself under the water.
mr. bennet passes the housekeeper his candle, then opens the letter.
bellatrix disappears in a flash of green smoke.
aron and asael saw wood.
she looks up at elijah who's watching her from his wheelchair.
richardson triggers a text to charlie.
then one of the other men steps forward, a thick-fleshed, obscene-looking man named turk.
as he stretches in to remove the laundry, he looks across at the only other person in the laundromat, who is paying him no attention.
the group jog along a pathway on a hillside.
the giants keeps apace.
pursued by the dragon, harry flies over the valley towards the school.
fergus takes up a scissors to snip at her hair.
willie stamps out the blazing bag.
her face solemn, she takes both his hands and pulls herself up.
he launches himself off the dome.
they stop and look at each other.
in the stands, the gryffindor supporters wear red and gold scarfs, slytherin's colors are green and white.
kate picks up the dessert plate and a plate containing a second sugar cage, and moves to the other side of the worktop.
purvis lifts his knuckles to the door.
she watches as two men exit from the lead vehicle.
they fall off the web and plummet down the side of the skyscraper as they're falling down the lift shaft, trading kicks and blows as they go.
the glass fronted helmets covering their heads.
he hammers with his hands on the underside of the ice and kicks at it with his bear feet.
with a mocking frown, she flips him off.
the guard looks through a peephole then unlocks the door for the janitor.
the head of this snake is so damn big, it looks more like a tyrannosaurus rex.
howard dives in and grabs anna, then hits the deck as vehicles pile up behind them.
water cascading down onto the crib.
gasping for breath, he sinks down amongst the metal supports of the pavilions.
the bartender glances up, his gaze lingering perhaps a bit too long.
he leans back against the wall and talks through laughter.
shooting out webs, he snakes his way along the steel girders.
she pulls out another piece of paper, and hands it to him.
dazed, they look around.
up in the bell tower, spider-man claws at his mask, desperately trying to tear it off.
inside is a neatly folded piece of paper.
thoughtfully, he gazes down at something on the table.
bo runs round to the bonnet.
the nazi guards follow.
debbie keeps walking down the hall.
but eddie is shooting pool now, making all his shots quickly and accurately.
apparently unmoved, the kid keeps staring at willie.
she walks to her car.
he leans over and whispers something in her ear.
they're spotted by patrolling guards.
both are holding drinks as lee, carrying a tray of hors d'oeuvres and two drinks, walks between them.
stepping forward, she collects sandy's things and grabs big chuck's belt off the floor.
javert turns away.
abby and joy watch a monitor.
the waiter stops in his tracks, turns toward them.
tommy grabs darren.
he chases after her.
a cop walks into the kitchen and hands hal a file that says louise elizabeth sawyer on the outside.
there is a strange, absent-minded look in his eyes.
the injured are being treated beside ambulances.
he pulls on one of the coat pegs and a secret door opens.
we now observe that two small lit candles adorn the table, and the rest of the room lights are out.
graham puts his hand on morgan's shoulder.
as the smoke subsides, howard slowly sits up and rubs the back of his neck.
as carson walks up the aisle checking between the rows of seats.
harry turns to sirius and takes a few paces forward.
a huge searchlight picks up the yellow cab ensnared in a web high above the new york streets.
he jeers at jamal as he slams on the car window.
he closes his eyes and put his face to the sun.
he takes a sip and sue wanders off.
he lights a firecracker and leaves it beside a pile of other fireworks, then legs it off back down the tunnel.
gandhi smiles and turns back.
he takes a couple of deep breaths as he gathers himself.
it lunges after him, baring its teeth.
she blows out smoke and hands jack the hem of her skirt.
howard runs along the highway towards anna.
a shadowy figure walks over the ice above him.
forrest sits down next to jenny.
he stares down at david, who nods.
andy looks down wistfully.
out of the fog rattles a small covered wagon; gandalf is at the reins.
one arm stays aloft, holding the photo clear of the effluent.
eleanor gestures to a besuited young man on the opposite side of the pool.
slughorn is tending to the wounded filch.
mr. robinson turns and brings him the drink.
david is rinsing out the bowl when audrey walks in.
mary races up the stairs, where george meets her in a fierce embrace.
suddenly, a ringwraith bursts out of the forest toward them.
the doctor turns his chair around to face a tense mickey sitting on the other side of his desk.
he steps out onto the street, shrugging on his jacket and walks, shoulders slumped, towards the car.
in the kitchen, david's at the sink, washing up.
szpilman cautiously approaches the door, listens, then opens it quietly and slips out.
the car pulls up to a beautiful hotel in laguna.
brandishing his autographed photo.
howard checks his hand for blood, then takes in the scene of devastation in front of him.
she looks nervously at the woman in military uniform and nods.
we're behind ricky as he videotapes jane in her window.
several people come out, among them neff, carrying his briefcase.
the screen, which has been exploring the rococo building's facade, now shows the equally elegant building alongside it.
he calls to the waitress.
andy looks down.
he helplessly looks up at his older brother, zus.
the agent bolts for the door, but his pass won't work.
harry walks past and spots him.
the convoy of two cars and four motorcycles pulls away.
the visitors drop a graceful curtsy.
later, darcy is helping lizzie up into her carriage.
don approaches him slowly.
willie looks moved.
the queen switches on a bedside lamp.
lenny's mother, mrs. kagan, frantically loads lenny into an ambulance.
he nods slightly as he brings the spoon under control.
holly stays under the awning; mickey walks to the curb and looks angrily back at her.
laurie continues to pound on the door.
then, with his head turned wearily to one side, and ticked defensively back a little drops delicately to a kneeling position.
she wears a gay print dress with a wide sash over her hips.
he opens arvind's eyelids and pours in the liquid.
in cab - valjean has one arm round cosette to protect her from the jolting of the cab.
as he tears, he either sniffles or coughs to cover the sound of the paper being ripped.
smeagol casts a quick glance over his shoulder to the sleeping figures of frodo and sam as he clambers off his rock.
aunt may opens the door.
after a moment, buddy kane, the real estate king, joins her.
charlie tosses a tie at david.
denethor slumps back into his seat.
later, willie is at the front of the house lighting the candle bags herb had come around organizing.
at this moment ugarte, a small, thin man with a nervous air, tries to squeeze through the doorway blocked by the german.
harry is the only one to stand as ginny comes to the table.
indy closes the grail diary and puts it into the pocket of his robe.
he stands galvanized.
they spots mj with flash.
with camera placed with its back to the street door, we can see the distant tiny figure of lila seated and waiting in the back room beyond.
hagrid swerves into oncoming traffic to avoid it.
as soon as it goes, lorl appears in the doorway, peering slyly around to see that they are out of sight.
there is a large boulder nearby.
she hurries into the hall and up a wide, wooden staircase.
an older, smartly dressed man with wizened features disembarks flanked by two associates.
the team paraded before crowds on an open-topped bus.
bourke-white stares at her, then turns to look out at him.
he turns to cherie in bed.
halfway there she freezes, staring, in shock.
there is something coming behind .
a large black sedan with side exhaust pipes rolls up.
creatures tear away from the car like fiery comets through the night.
he pulls the chain.
he focuses on her, smiles.
he lowers the blind.
moving a coil silk rope aside.
she goes to look at the book.
holmes puts it down.
the students' ammunition has run out, they're hurling sticks and bottles - but the soldiers have found a way to clamber up, shooting as they come, and one by one the students are falling.
we see the outside of the jewelry store.
george and clarence come in.
kate steps into a walk-in fridge and leans wearily against a rack.
looking.
emily frowns and looks puzzled.
he is a tough-looking man in his forties who flips through pages in a manila folder.
she looks at the envelopes then shoves them back at him.
aragorn holds his gaze.
fedora puts two fingers in his mouth and whistles.
death eaters hurtle through the clouds towards hogwarts.
brings it up to fire, but he's too fast!
he goes into his room.
gandhi, in his dhoti, waving to a small crowd as he enters the gates of buckingham palace.
frodo leaves the sword and throws himself through a narrow crevice.
snape takes harry down to his storeroom.
malcolm watches himself and anna cutting their wedding cake.
he puts the plastic cup on the shelf, then crosses to a mini refrigerator in the corner of his room and takes out a cup-sized tupperware container from the freezer, already filled with urine, albeit frozen, and places it on a saucer to thaw overnight.
jeep leads the way with his gun held out in front.
purvis watches them closely from behind a tree.
she wonders into vanessa's en suite bathroom and contemplates herself in the large mirror above the basin, smoothing the front of her hair.
mj purses her lips.
the gangster wipes his reddened face and holds a hand over his mouth as he sobs.
benjamin sits on her bed as she unpacks.
merrill looks down thoughtfully.
elliot slams the medicine cabinet shut.
the steward follows jack and rose.
jane elbows graham with excitement.
the alien recoils as its skin is splashed with liquid.
jay turns and races across the room to rejoin her.
the professors applaud.
ginny tosses the book back to him, and he walks away.
it lands upside down on its roof in the middle of the cafe.
dil enters; we see her shadow in silhouette behind the curtain and the shadow of dave coming in behind her.
brody takes off his hat.
their noses are flat against the glass; their cheeks touch; their window isn't quite big enough to hold both their heads.
hermione plucks a hair from the woman's head.
she runs her toes along a soap dish.
he stands on the platform as the train doors slam shut, the latches click, the whistle blows and the train pulls out.
ben moves back to the stairway as three ladies come out of the living room.
mulwray picks up a starfish.
constanze and karl approach along the cobbled street, hand in hand toward their house.
she lights a cigarette.
he remembers hani embracing karami in the desert.
the mattress on the floor, the drawers turned out.
several joggers pass mickey; he continues to ruminate.
juno grins at her friend talking to a fat bearded teacher.
preacher snaps on a harsh bare bulb at center of room.
louise did not realize she was doing it.
john rambo walks along a lonely road halfway up a hill in arizona, u.s.a.
a pale eel slithers through the water as snoop dog approaches an elaborately carved fireplace surround and a mantel.
he snaps them in and smiles.
julian furrows his brow.
cousin tilly and cousin eustace are talking on the phone.
holding a kimono close with one hand, rose lifts a sash and twirls it.
rebecca's expectant smile freezes.
above his head, the goblin holds mj in one hand, the cable-car cable in the other.
he lays down the open book.
sim stares at the man as he steps away from the delegate he was talking to.
barnes and howard are thrown off their feet by the force of the explosion.
muscular arm and a clenched hand have entwined in the web.
looking a little more serious, darcy comes next,
he drops it.
as he exits, laszlo looks after him with a puzzled expression.
willa looks both moved and pleased.
we're looking down at the boys, surrounded by hundreds of documents, boxes, photographs, 16mm film cannisters and cassette tapes.
nicole sits in the passenger seat of whip's car as he drives and drinks his beer.
as the choir's song concludes, dumbledore rises, beaming over the sea of black hats.
she opens the letter.
the envelope speaks.
latika wears an eye patch and begs at a stationary car window.
he sees strasser and renault whispering together, then notices berger at the bar.
he folds, and refolds his glasses and then without looking at anyone he rises.
dil's face, close to fergus's, as the stockings that bound his hands are nearly undone.
then her head moves back an inch or two.
as bond walks calmly down the corridor, greene and his party are hurrying for an exit.
salim wakes up.
a coffee filter is placed in a metal pot.
charlie and hugh follow behind him.
umbridge looks anxiously around the empty hallway.
karami slows up and glances down at his paper.
at her house, aibileen and minnie are smiling at skeeter's manuscript.
arkady and his friend are sharing a joke.
harry slumps forward, his jagged scar illuminated by the bike's headlight.
szpilman becomes alert.
forrest hands jenny the box of chocolates.
they let go of his arms and he slumps to the floor.
snape points his wand.
they plummet towards the ground.
they speed over a bridge spanning a small river.
andrea writes nervously on a piece of paper as evan gets out.
with a little admonishing look, she moves away from him, and makes him rejoin the other two.
hundreds of kids eagerly leave their last day of school for the year, winter a memory.
hi plunges down a staircase.
harry watches the map go blank.
she unravels from his hold, whacking his cheek with her fan and slapping his face with her long, tossing hair.
the escalade enters the swarm.
norman's in his living room.
laurie bundles her books and hurries up the street.
the someone says something else and laurel steps forward, now also out of edwards's line of vision.
michael slowly places his palms on his skull.
all along the titanic electric lights flicker then go out.
the stark graphic of the emergency broadcasting system and its accompanying hollow tone fill the diner.
the car drives down the driveway and down the street.
sandra goes slack with horror.
one of the peasants is blown to pieces.
javert draws his sword and aims it at valjean.
he motors along an un-metaled track running through open fields.
luke spots graham throwing himself about to the music.
neff draws her close to him.
he goes in.
they gather to form a patronus in the shape of a beautiful silver doe.
one student stands on his books, the bags of others hit peter.
the sound stops, the record revolves on the cylinder.
boromir addresses the council in a quiet voice.
harry looks at the sword of gryffindor, leaning against the wall.
it has a hairy face and its tiny eyes are set close together.
tommy sits in the background, playing and singing a slow blues.
the usher gestures, locking his mouth.
he hands over an envelope marked top secrete.
mavis the maid walks by with a tray of hors d'oeuvres.
malfoy slowly approaches harry.
in his bed, robbie puts a pillow over his face.
harken watches from behind his desk as nick picks up the tumbler of whiskey and glugs it all in one go.
as they get through, ben starts to move inside.
he squints, concentrating.
gandalf lets go his grip and falls away.
as the fast music returns, we see old salieri being carried out of his house on a stretcher by two attendants, and placed in a horse-drawn wagon under the supervision of a middle- aged doctor in a tall hat.
he disappears from the view of those on the ground.
alice jams her brakes on and pulls a u-turn in the road.
cal lifts his glass, frowns and then sips.
yet edward extends his hand, reaching closer and closer before he finally.
who beckons him.
george's father is seated behind his desk, nervously drawing swirls on a pad.
his eyes meet with merrill's.
an army of dementors, death eaters, and giants, make their way towards the school from the other side.
lizzie sees him looking and glares.
a tall figure strides towards the house.
he suddenly seems older, more mature.
he puts it down on the plate again, as his eyes move slightly toward the left.
a ghostly dumbledore appears.
walt makes to drink his whiskey but stops short.
carl shakes his head incredulously.
the back of a watch is silhouetted large in foreground; john's eyes instantly fix on it; in b.g.
they break apart and look joyfully at one another, then kiss.
jack is with sheriff pruitt, who stands, distracted, picking up reports from his desk, on his way out.
the register pops open, and a hand extracts a quarter.
jack, up all night and pissed off, but bored being pissed off, pounds on the door.
fantine tries to retrieve the note.
now, they're camped on the shore of a lake.
she tastes it with her little finger.
harry is walking up some steps.
elijah observes as a security team pats down random males as they move through the turnstiles.
when she closes her lids, the tears roll down her cheeks.
behind the clock face, harry looks down as his friends set off without him to visit hogsmeade.
gabriel's eyes go wide as the tiny flame dances in front of the stove's broken gas line.
he steps onto a platform, then taps keys on a freestanding control panel.
mary jane spots him, and he comes towards her with a tentative expression.
and we see what's inside.
the color returns to henry's face.
harken turns back.
the unearthly singing, full volume here, comes from the three women, beautiful but marked by an otherworldly langor as they dunk clothes in the stream and beat them against rocks.
her hand drops down, and there are tears in her eyes again.
inigo keeps staring behind them.
jeff turns his chair around, and looks out to the neighborhood.
at that point, the inspector sticks his head in, smiles and gives edwards the thumbs up.
rounding a corner, the man pushes a cyclist over.
the skiptracer locks the door and hurries to the wheel.
mary is running down the stairs.
the trucks pull up.
the kid quickly moves one of his pieces, taking three of willie's, and reaching the far end of the board at the same time.
ezra, who's in his 40s, sits at a table nearby, sipping from a mug.
people cling to the outside of each door and many more are seated on the central wooden planks on the roofs of the two coaches.
as he eats, his arm sits in front of his plate, protectively.
forrest's name is called.
the door slides shut.
hermione follows.
gittes turns around.
alison reads as models pick outfits from a rack.
harry raises his wand.
he gazes lustly after her through his cigarette smoke.
in the back are bundles of clothes which graham eyes questioningly.
they kiss more fully.
water appears in the basin.
the host's face hardens suddenly.
hi is getting out of the chevy in a hawaiian shirt, holding a pump-action shotgun.
gollum is nowhere to be seen.
they are preparing to slide down the hill on large shovels.
an english journalist catches him as he turns.
eddie starts to screw his cue together.
kyle is on the roof with percy.
sarah's face crumples and she starts to weep.
in a room, a digital clock on a bedside table reads 7.13.
the customer passes.
aibileen seems to be conducting an internal dialogue with herself.
it passes them and draws to a halt outside the diner.
butch climbs out of bed and starts pulling clothes out of the suitcase that fabienne brought.
fezzik is moving right along; however high they are, he's already over a third of the way done.
walt disappears inside and shuts the door.
smiling, walt turns to daisy.
leaning forward, she cups the back of dillinger's head in her hand, and presses her lips to his.
the mirror shows mickey pulling away slightly, reacting.
harry looks at the two of them, differently now.
he paces forward and leans tensely on a rail attaching the cell bars one to the next.
flute and drum, music rising to a military cadence.
as aragorn looks at elrond, an image flashes in his mind's eye.
holden looks at a small scar on his arm and thinks better about mentioning it.
from doyle's viewpoint, jeff hanging out the window and thorwald hammering at his hands and arms with bare fists.
working his arms between their two bodies, dyle suddenly flails them out with all his strength and the hold is broken, but at the price of his coat and the flesh on his back as scobie's metal claw rips through both, a wound extending from the center of dyle's back to his shoulder.
indy gets to his feet -- looks ahead -- sees a water tank alongside the track directly up ahead.
he squeezes pearl's hand harder, and points.
lovejoy pulls out a handgun.
the bus and it's occupants become narrow enough to squeeze between them.
a soldier is slashed with a sword.
dante looks around and kicks the shutter angrily.
chili reaches for the door, opens it and looks back at leo.
his limbs grow thin and twisted.
the two men, trembling, scrub themselves.
it disintegrates into a pile of dust.
hermione spins round and peers into the forest.
followed by the crowd, george runs upstairs and into the outer offices of the building and loan.
mr. weasley sprints off.
after a moment, he steps through the curtains onto a balcony and walks to the edge, raindrops glistening on his rain cape.
students shoot from behind the barricade.
debbie runs up a long flight of stairs with her trainer jason.
he shakes his head and chuckles as marcus tosses him an empty red santa sack.
flint nods faintly and starts to disintegrate into a whirling eddy of sand.
black howls then, bitterly amused.
later, he sits, weeping.
he tosses the little red ball, which bounces out through an open window.
reggie runs up and joins them.
the car heads down a dirt road leading toward a forest of leafless trees.
in his room, peter, his shadow thrown behind him onto the wall, stares at his own hand held out.
he gobbles a marshmallow on the end of a long skewer.
bond looks down at the revelers from a balcony.
workers are pushing carts piled with the bloated corpses that lay against the wall.
kyle looks out through slathered blinds.
neither one says anything for a moment.
pinned to it are several photos of the cut-out of julie and jim in front of famous landmarks.
sirius gazes towards the distant lights of hogwarts.
he walks a few feet without sound, then becomes aware of the silence.
the messerschmidt bears down on indy's car, machine guns.
when koons speaks, he speaks with a slight texas accent.
bo carefully pours the water into a metal dog bowl, and slides it across the grass to houdini.
hermione rests her head on ron's shoulder.
andy is hurrying down the street with four coffees.
the troops are dressed in khaki fatigues and wear wide- brimmed hats with a gold-colored burmese military emblem fixed to the front.
graham wakes up on the sofa.
a key is turned in the lock, and wick enters.
thao breathes hard, the emotion welling up inside him.
frodo and sam sit at a table drinking ale.frodo notices sam's eyes keep flicking to another pretty hobbit, rosie cotton, sitting some distance away.
a) the rubble of a burned-out, demolished building.
he lunges towards michael, who shoots and leaps out of the way.
he takes something from the overhead luggage rack, goes out of the compartment, and walks along the corridor, hiding it behind his back.
they take up the armchair.
across the table, charlotte looks awkward.
lawmen debark a car.
all of their eyes are on freddy.
then she puts them round him.
everett stomps toward the stage, fighting his way through the crowd.
it is a lakeside cabin surrounded by white.
he looks at a carriage lying on its side.
bilbo is relating stories of his adventure to a group of young hobbit children.
he goes around the bend of the ell and there is the door, a heavy wooden one with a grated peep-hole and beside it a uniformed guard.
video footage at night shows a procession of cars driving.
a girl launches a white paper airplane.
an old man in a portrait shields his eyes from harry's brightly lit wand.
on porch, by door, is a doll's perambulator.
she points at chuck.
then drops his head back on the pillow.
bert reaches forward to hand charlie more money.
by the time the binoculars are up, another truck has crossed from the left.
her eyes flick around the carnival.
he leaves andy thoughtful.
as she stares at the wreck, she doesn't notice a massive creature moving behind her.
english dave puts vince's coffee in front of him.
parrish is expressionless.
with hi pursuing in the background.
tommy looks back over his shoulder.
the patrolman is following in his automobile, keeping behind her at a matched speed.
jenny sits up.
the car lights flash and she pulls back on to the road and drives off.
he sees dil moving toward the site.
he eyes the dude's bowling attire and sunglasses and walter's army surplus, but doesn't make an issue of it.
he hands ben the key.
harry sees a large winged creature swoop down into the forbidden forest.
now they leave the party.
there is another knock.
kay pulls out the neuralyzer.
javert is puzzled.
the hand holds an enormous bread knife.
kevin jumps down, leaving jane dancing wildly to the delight of the crowd.
explosions ripped out the windows and the floor below the balcony.
neff has unscrewed his fountain pen.
and lifts out a large torch.
she spots a syringe.
a machine gunner falls to the ground.
distracted, he wipes it off.
harry, ron and hermione are seated on a train.
nick opens the fridge and takes out the tupperware box kate found in his bag.
close beyond the edge of the right-of-way, the silhouette of a dump shows up.
30-something caroline goes to her bedside.
the goon wheels him back to his desk.
flint pushes him away.
peter stares, transfixed at harry.
pull back to gothmog.
pictures hang at angles.
nick closes them and listens to gatsby.
and the motorbikes follow her.
with a serious look on his face, he strides forward confidently and puts his name into to goblet.
but enjolras isn't smiling.
he replaces it with a fresh one.
he is cooley, the sheriff with mirrored sunglasses whom we remember from previous barn confrontations.
flying higher and higher, until it disappears into the snow laden sky.
he raises his hands, stilling them again.
a troupe of stilt-walking firebreathers finishes their act to tremendous applause.
luke is standing in front of her in the middle of the pavement.
the door closes after her.
she slowly runs her fingers along his beard and then his chest.
still, he's having a blast.
as sam's team arms up, purvis and his armed peers board a prop plane on an airfield.
a station wagon hisses along the wet road surface.
walt looks furious.
the queen has her back to charles.
bond's gun falls to the floor far below.
back at the mall, marcus and willie are in the locker rooms after a hard day dishing out presents.
abby finishes the glass and looks at him.
butch turns his body to vincent, when.
he aims the gun right in the middle of jules' face and pulls back the hammer.
bubba and forrest are on their hands and knees as they scrub the floor with toothbrushes.
vincent quickly and expertly picks a cd to meet his immediate needs and puts it on -- dying a little at every second of silence during the transition.
bn and the mercenaries take cover behind charred sticks of timber framework.
bassam drives down and makes a call.
forrest makes his way onto the stage, shakes hands with dick cavett.
eddie stares at sarah as she sways limply on her knees, unmindful of her open robe.
laughing with delight, lupin slams down the lid.
a white paw sticks out.
she has her hands tied behind her and a black hood over her head.
as he lays on the ground, unable to move, a voice comes to him as if from a distant memory.
wrestled away from hermione and the others, harry dodges through the panicking crowd.
then sits down at the table.
upstairs red and johnny duck aside of their shattered windows and re-open fire.
a slowly moving stretcher, bearing mickey's strapped prone body, begins to enter the round opening of the module.
a pale gray light fills the vast perfect circle of evenly flattened corn.
jamal sneaks to the landing to spy on salim downstairs as he loads a gun.
gittes moves to his desk, barely breaking stride at the sight of her.
they wear black trousers and black knit vests.
she strides past her smiling date.
javed is at salim's door.
they get it outside.
he drinks his jiggerful.
later, the convoy drives onto a bridge, passing a set of raised barricades.
two silver candlesticks light the room, illuminating walls painted with religious scenes.
he sits obscured by the balusters.
ferris walks into an apartment, throws keys on a table and looks around.
randal and dante study the o.c.
elliot walks into the bedroom as lee continues to talk offscreen.
a muddy figure made of sand materializes on the swampy bank and hauls itself upright.
it floats above his head.
obeying, she cups her hands over the hole in his neck, desperately trying to stop the flow of blood leaking out between her fingers.
he idly opens the broom closet, pantry, and even frigidaire, which is all but empty.
mr. braddock is moving along the side of the pool, motioning toward us to come down to the deep end.
rambo is at the tiller.
sitting up, diana sees a squad car speed by, then glances behind them.
stack on the back of a moped, there are pizzas.
he reads it, sits down and leafs through his desk calendar.
ba stands, watching him, waiting.
his eyes glued to what he sees on the stage.
they look at the monstrous thing in the sky, harry holds his head in pain.
nicole covers her mouth with her hand.
reggie, moving quickly, turns and flies out.
he turns off his torch, as he hears voices from an open doorway.
she stares after tess and george.
mary takes the telephone from george and holds it so that of necessity george's cheek is almost against hers.
lenny remains frozen in place.
sam is in complete misery.
the woman lights a joint.
heller shoves someone aside so that szpilman can approach, but he continues to beat and manhandle people.
sam enters the digits into his phone.
the bulgarian crowd go nuts.
in his penthouse, luke's boss, ryan, slams a virtual golf ball at a virtual golf course.
a shabby, old-fashioned, gas-lit room which has been turned almost inside out and upside down in an effort to locate the missing money.
cole instantly stops peeing.
; she is seeking the world.
vincent and mia walk up to the microphone.
mickey continues to look through the fence at the water and the distant skyline.
he drags his case through the busy terminal building.
harry's eyes shift.
the survivors run through the trees, some carrying bundles, others armed with rifles.
outside it opens and baby face fires towards the car.
she studies her pad thoughtfully, checks a document, then searches through more documents.
wearing a swimming costume, gatsby dives into the round, azure pool.
evan comes to in his childhood kitchen.
jeff tries to be pleasant, and offhand.
jordan and teddy are driven away.
helen holds it behind her.
benjamin follows daisy through a bright corridor to the back entrance.
she points her wand.
as she comes out of the bathroom, she collides with mark.
the hand is starting to come down.
she pours two.
the carriage pulls away, and mr. bingley immediately looks around for the nearest servant.
but he fails.
they stare expectantly at mr. gateau, who stands atop a raised, wooden scaffold platform.
a punk girl sits in reception playing on her game console.
she's curled up in a ball.
in his doctor's office, nick sits at a typewriter.
the graves are despoiled.dwarf skeletons are strewn about and goblin graffiti is scrawled on monuments in dried dwarf blood.
she kisses him softly on the cheek.
as policemen run across the street toward the bank, red's car approaches and homer casually glances over.
his attention also returns to the matter at hand.
she notices the car, shows patrick, and waves to her husband, who waves back with a smile.
evelyn starts quickly for the bathroom, then comes back and kneels by the side of the bed, takes gittes' hand.
lee, gasping, moves away.
she climbs upstairs to the d deck and runs down hallways.
the suvs drive in a circle around ferris churning up a dust cloud, obscuring them.
video screens are in the background.
he lifts his head and looks towards the house.
he approaches his children, across whose bed we shoot without yet seeing them.
again gandhi is surprised -- but even more cautious.
escobar sees him, ignores him.
the neighbors smile.
the candle flickers over her as she removes her clothes and prepares for his embrace.
he unwraps the package and finds it contains a small wooden box.
locked together, they crash onto the roof of a passing train.
legolas as aragorn falls to the ground.
they peer into a chapel.
sam takes lila's arm.
graham turns.
ricky just stands there, watching him.
the postmodern review having a photo from the newspaper in which clint eastwood has him in a headlock.
ron gives harry a push.
asael watches tuvia withdraw
nathan is looking at him stonily.
he pumps his arms forward and back, as his pace increases and his stride lengthens.
don walks towards it, rips the sheet of paper from the roller, slams the lid of the cover shut, picks up the typewriter.
bomb making equipment is spread out on a table.
norman is sitting at the head of the table and peter opposite mj and harry.
graham stops hammering.
everett and delmar, and the rest of the sparse audience, look restively about.
mary starts playing the piano.
the stranger suddenly comes forward into the doorway.
angle on: shelob hisses and rears above sam, her stinger dribbling with venom!
she presses the button, then notices it is in use.
slumped, fought out -- carol gets out one last, naked husky voiced question.
both cars swerve round it.
a european man, sitting at a table nearby, watches the english couple more closely than the scene on the street.
a table lamp underneath one window is on its side.
purvis, winstead, and several others in trench coats climb out of the vehicles.
she reaches out, but benjamin recoils.
later, they walk into the chalet suites, a swiss lodge- themed hotel.
ferris gets in the back of an suv.
she barks a laugh to cover her embarrassment but speaks the truth.
he shoves her away.
it heads for norman.
he changes out of his grubby shirt into a new one, just out of the package.
neff has taken two blank forms from his briefcase.
norman switches on the overhead light, starts for the linen closet, suddenly pauses, turns, studies arbogast, who has remained standing by the door.
gandalf and bilbo are sitting on the bag end porch.
tim, who has put his gift back in the car, looks sheepish.
the broken head of the bat lies on the floor, shards of glass around it.
elliot quickly turns away from lee.
looking through the passenger side window, he sees the skiptracer lying groggily against the wheel.
they hold it up, the map now backlit and obscuring woodward.
lizzie stands up, looking perturbed.
the business man rubs his face.
treebeard, the giant ent, strides towards them, alarming all but gandalf.
bandy runs out of the house.
bubba holds a palm frond over his wound.
the trials begin.
the silver key disappears into the mud.
he hangs his head and squeezes his eyes shut.
they arm themselves.
dumbledore thrusts it into harry's hand.
he then walks around to the head of the casket.
her limbs writhing beneath her.
he leaps onto a small launch, pulls the starting cord on the outboard motor and starts to shadow the general's boat.
he closes the paper, and very carefully slides out from under the sleeping boy.
he holds both of her arms with one hand.
eddie brock jumps out of a camp, camera at the ready as black spider-man tears the heavy grill from the ground.
he grabs strom by the throat.
forrest runs down a driveway toward jenny's small house.
pete and debbie leave the school together, surpressing smiles.
on one surface, a circle is inscribed inside a triangle down the middle of which, one is a line.
edgar gets out and walks away, fast, cursing under his breath.
his lips curled and features crumpled, he nods sufferingly.
the huge club descends for the killing blow.suddenly, in a flash of steel, boromir's long sword slices into the scaly arm of the troll; it rears back, spewing green blood!
the helicopter chops in overhead.
the corvette comes to rest as a mangled heap among bushes.
mj whips her hand out of peter's.
and as he holds out his great arms.
she spots a dark figure watching them from a short distance away.
thelma and louise are both howling at the top of their lungs.
he opens it and begins preparing the needle for injection.
on the sidewalk of the street, with its buildings in ruins, smoke still rising, stand onlookers, including szpilman and henryk, and a little behind them, father, craning to see.
she comes downstairs.
rambo start thinking about something and then walks towards him.
she steps forward.
the indecisive customer half turns to see if her comment was even heard.
he stretches out desperately to reach it.
but the force of the stream batters him and carries him with it until he's brought rudely to the chainlink fence.
theoden watches as below the soldiers prepare.
viktor krum is training, a group of girls are following him around.
they explode, killing one of kazim's brethren.
his father walks into view, carrying a teacup and a candy dish.
starring tobey maguire.
forrest stops in the end zone as he hears the crowd yells.
jeff has no answer.
forrest stands as he puts down his dr. pepper.
lester's surprised, but instantly intrigued.
emma, penny's mother, watches him go with a warn, cynical expression.
neff grins as he opens the door and goes in.
he pauses.
she turns to face voldemort, a solemn expression on her face.
bassam gets down by some rocks and pulls out the rifle's stand.
also in a lifeboat ismay turns away from the carnage and squeezes his eyes shut.
ron nabs scabbers, cradles him in his bloody palm.
a gardener blows the leaves.
louise turns to face thelma.
the sheriff shines his flashlight ahead of them.
the boat's motor churns up plumes of white foam on the river.
neff turns slowly and watches jackson go back through the car.
abby's lying on the floor in her office closet.
ilsa looks at rick and he returns her stare with a blank expression.
the are sounds of wind and chirping crickets.
neff manages a faint smile.
elizabeth notices hilly squirming.
a small red light turns on.
baron von swieten, the imperial librarian: a grave but kindly and educated man in his mid-fifties.
graham picks up his son's limp body in his arms.
she hugs his arm.
rick instantly charges carlos, but trips on the pants around his ankles.
he slams it shut again.
edward closes his eyes, hands at his side, ready to be eaten.
the dog vanishes into the gap at the base of the tree, begins to pull ron through.
lawrence throws him a newspaper.
heavy-browed, he walks up to allison.
she frowns as he leaves.
they are beside the light switch.
a small car comes flying round a corner.
the following dialogue is fast and heated, as though the argument had been in process for some time.
watching the scintillating action from a booth across the diner is a conservatively dressed suburban couple.
harry gets to a doorway, two pupils stand in his way.
as they run towards the door, it disappears.
he absently winds it, checks the time with his own watch.
jamal is still trying to weave his way through the crowds.
harry is lying in bed with a bandage wrapped around his head.
the kids, jenny and marley tackle him to the ground.
he looks up at her, laughs silently, then goes back to his tie.
as mike is walking away, he turns back for a moment, then keeps walking.
the skiptracer shoots julian in the leg.
billie joins him, slipping off her coat.
with natalie, ryan walks along a line a cubicles where workers talk to people on video links.
the spinster sweeps into the room, smiling.
peter's look of disbelief at his changing physique in a mirror watched by uncle ben and aunt may.
harry opens a letter.
then she turns and walks away.
look at each other without a notion of where to take it from here,
he hesitates before picking it up, then checks the display and opens the clamshell phone.
a car with a couple of teenagers has driven up in the slot on their right.
the piano music continues in the background as the movie cuts to: lee walking along a wharf by the waterfront.
annina shakes her head.
water rushes over the listing ship, causing some people to fall into the water.
later, they sit in the bar together.
benjamin alights his sailboat and strolls casually on the wooden jetty.
parrish sits up again, frightened, but still there is no one there, he seems fraught with indecision, should he get up, should he not, what is happening?
inside is the girl.
he walks towards his office, but half way there he runs into keyes.
they pass don's photo.
the police guard, carrying the blanket, comes down this corridor, goes to the door.
jack descends the grand staircase.
just another few feet and he would've been crushed.
captain smith gazes at a ship's wheel and various instruments, then steps into the wheelhouse and shuts the door.
beyond the times square building with a singular wireless cubed top, another advertising hoardings, an object is moving towards the crowd.
the dude is encouraged.
the giant armoured statue of the commendatore enters pointing his finger in accusation at don giovanni who sits at the supper table, staring - his servant leporello quaking with fear under the table.
a police officer escorts jenny to her grandmother's trailer.
joseph dunne gazes at the television screen.
they get him and they grot him.
jane looks pained as ruggedly handsome george walks off.
the boys salvage their stuff including the camera.
it's a moving portrait of a thin-faced girl with long, brown hair.
lizzie and jane have sat back down again, and mr. collins regards the three girls with condescension.
a bearded climber looks puzzled.
he looks solemn, as she releases her hold and stares at him.
nate gets home to find andy painting a ball to look like a planet.
brian and peter are dazed in the rain as the leeds players trudge off, gesticulating at the derby crowd.
she hurries over to her happily.
graham walks slowly up to the wall of maize and steps inside the tall dense corn.
he crouches down and lifts the lid.
brian eyes don in the visitor's dugout.
remus walks out, followed by tonks.
there are moroccans in silk robes.
he leans on the barrier and peers over.
he looks up at diana as she heads for a pair of prison guards standing by a chain-link fence.
marilyn monroe runs to a square vent in the floor.
as the necklace sinks, rose smiles and exhales deeply.
he exchanges words with a junior before stalking across the compound to the soldier's hut.
she finds the right page.
as gandalf pulls shadowfax up.
they lean closer.
he smirks and walks away.
david is full out straining now as he lowers and raises it.
she lies on the bed.
he counts up the black metal circles.
the dude listlessly holds the portable phone in his lap.
standing in front of the mirror, he pulls back his jacket.
quince falls silent, aquiver with this reality.
his skin is covered with horrible black boils.
david nods amiably, then gives elise a long kiss on the cheek.
he is, therefore, slightly out of focus.
our continuing pan brings us to the open door of the bedroom and we hear the sound of the tv in the living room.
he looks up to see kyle holding a smoking pistol.
the man is now moving out of the living room, and the binoculars pan him though to the small kitchen which is seen through a side window.
all clear, they get to their feet.
terrified, she cowers against the pipes as the troll smashes a sink off the wall.
cal is wearing a sharp blue suit.
around others, he's hiding how much it hurts, but alone we can see how bad it is.
the cab plummets down the web like a fish being tipped out of a net.
he turns back to rene who's fading fast.
one of the prisoners hears his approach.
in the auditorium, moriarty watches the performance, apparently spellbound.
it is a little short and the necks of the bottles protrude.
as they near the camera we hear them singing.
emily breaks into an uncertain smile.
holds her open locket, staring at it.
he lays the devil card down on the table.
he removes a knife and a thin stick of charcoal which he sharpens.
frodo and sam, still disguised in the orc armour, slide down scree bank and land on the road below.
the hogwarts express plows through snow-covered countryside.
ashton watches live footage of barnes pinning enrique down.
jack glares back at him, struggling to contain his emotions.
they run upstairs.
she looks away and back at him.
he watches.
her face is somber and anxious.
a smile slowly spreads across miranda's face.
mary jane looks devastated as he leads gwen into the center of the dance floor.
treehorn waves this off.
filch hammers in a nail and hangs a decree.
a number of guests are gathered in the drawing room to listen, including mr. bingley, the gardiners, louisa hurst, and miss bingley, who has a sour look on her face.
john starts for the stairs.
carrying the crystal ball, harry goes back up the stairs and along the corridor.
she rides the escalator with a soft smile on her face.
the camera races with the train along the river's edge, the reflected sun glimmering on the windows.
fantine has taken out a letter.
she reaches up and kisses him on the cheek, leaving lipstick.
winstead lights a cigarette and pensively looks away.
the sphere implodes, then bursts into a cloud of fiery particles before imploding again.
he looks towards the door.
he then turns and points the beam the other way.
dil, sitting inside a taxi watching fergus and jude getting in the car.
a tea towel tucked into her apron has caught fire.
he smiles back and takes a pair of dark goggles from her.
howard films nearby, then spots anna crossing the road.
he runs out of the scene.
ben gets out of his car and admires a shiny bmw convertible parked beside him.
as the explosion echoes and fades we hear the deep rumble of an approaching engine.
as the two digital clocks on melvin's night stand tell us.
she leans back and extends her leg toward the dude.
debbie and sadie look on.
the steward removes jack's coat, while the master-at-arms frisks him.
he passes it and joins a conference-room meeting already in progress.
everyone in the garden turns and looks up at the house.
moving up behind the kids, we find ourselves at the gates of.
impossibly fast, the door opens, revealing an old woman with a patch over her left eye.
as the whomping willow begins to thrash, its violence oddly muted at this distance, lupin takes a stick, pokes a knot on the trunk.
he looks at her imploringly, then grins.
before the man even reaches her, she begins talking, somewhat vigorously.
on the way back, leanne and katie are walking ahead of them.
skeeter gives hilly a long look.
the police guard hesitates, and then unlocks the cell.
sandman lumbers round, bemused, then punches peter with his massive arm, sending him flying up to one of the upper floors of the half-completed building.
she turns to the waiter.
with her back turned to him, jenny hill plays the piano.
he looks at gandhi and sighs in unmastered frustration, but he moves to gandhi's side.
the fluttering wings slow then fold away.
the woman turns to brody, who tips his hat.
mia draws a square with her hands.
archival footage - robert kennedy stands at a podium as people around him applaud.
she turns to see -- mike standing there.
juno slings the rope candy onto the branch of a tree and makes a noose.
walt sips a rice liquor.
giant hagrid, his head wedged behind a roof beam, gazes blankly.
umbridge smiles a knowing smile.
a stone pedestal slides out.
jeff's eyes drop from the ballet dancer's room to the one underneath.
his shirt has a few leaves from corn stalks stuck to it.
she stares out through the wet window-pane.
cameras flash.
he takes another corridor but finds the man waiting at its end.
tommy reels back in pain, covering his eyes with this free hand.
the blender grinds as lester, still in his sweatpants, makes himself a high-protein shake.
as they disappear we crane up, high over the cloister, high over the walls of the convent and we see the paris streets outside.
he looks at her and nods to himself.
he pulls out two pistols and shoots some more.
shells and pebbles are linedinfront of the window edge, at the postcard of a craggy coastline.
a crowd has gathered.
one snake glides around the circumference, unlocking the mechanism.
peter is on the sidewalk as she passes behind him.
he picks up the phone and dials.
inigo is at the helm, fezzik stands near the body of the princess, whose eyelids flutter slightly--or do they?
the huge yellow jeep of the train swings back towards the office and smashes out the supports beneath it.
on the roof, the perp reaches the top, climbs over the edge, and crunches to the gravel surface.
enjolras is also watching, grave-faced.
very cautiously he begins to tiptoe toward the chair.
staring in surprise at the dog, he turns his gaze back to the gently rustling field.
he frowns at the boy.
peter lowers his head and swallows.
on the ice - player two yanks at player one's jersey and gut punches him.
they sit there in silence a moment.
enjolras and the students have a production line under way for making bullets.
an owl drops another letter, which flies into the letter box at number 4.
valjean stops eating for a moment to stare at the bishop and the two women standing by the table.
where it is not clear that a robbery is in progress -- vincent's two friends from the street sweeping all objects into large sacks -- one of them, doug, pauses to look past the terrace to the studio.
a strong masculine hand scrawls a signature across a document.
graham stands and watches as caroline pulls around an island of grass in the middle of a stretch of gravel and heads off down the driveway.
kate sits in the chair beside her bed.
carolyn and buddy are in the middle of sex.
he is wearing an oversized helmet and rohirrim clothing.
icey, crossing him, gives him a little shove towards willa and a coy.
angle on amos, stunned, megaphone dangling.
he turns slowly, frowning, not really looking at the crowds.
wearing a crisp suit, purvis faces dillinger's cell.
as another car approaches, gatsby grips the wheel of the deusenberg to try and swerve.
she stares at her reflection critically.
beam looks concerned as felix gets in the car.
it is of jody, in cricket whites, smiling, holding a bat.
they enter an elevator with a woman and a little girl.
as he walks away, alison glances down at her novel and frowns.
more people get in.
a red flame explodes into the sky.
jody suddenly sprints, and, loosening the ties on his hands, then freeing them, he is off like a hare.
the beleaguered expression on his face is at odds with the light, friendly tone of his voice.
standing outside in the snow, javert opens the letter and reads it.
fighting back tears, alice cycles grimly on, louis comes after her in the yellow coupe.
a cameraman records the moment with a flash photo.
as they wait for another carriage, neville joins them, carrying a cactus.
lying half in, half out of the tub, the head tumbled over, touching the floor, the hair wet, one eye wide open as if popped, one arm lying limp and wet along the tile floor.
it has money inside - a lot of money.
jeff puts out a restraining hand.
ferrari picks up a fly swatter from the table and swats at a fly.
twins alec and oleg are with yuri and tamara by the grounded plane.
a body lies face-down in a marshy pond.
harry comes down the stairs, holding his rucksack and hegwig's cage.
jeff speaks without looking up.
torn, not wanting to go on, wanting to lie down.
his room has spider's web dangling from wall to wall.
edward takes a seat, starting to eat his sandwich.
they climb the ladder as soldiers fire at magarri, who shoots back.
merrill looks uneasy.
the cloud envelopes the truck.
skeeter, glancing back towards the house, frowns speculatively.
fergus presses his foot.
reese pulls a knife from his boot and stabs a trooper.
legolas quickly follows.
she glances outside the door.
edwards is a lot faster, though.
don price decks him, knocking him down.
lester sits in the bowl chair and leans back, his hands behind his head, watching ricky roll the joint.
jenny plays the guitar.
she glances idly around the office.
harry scrabbles in the desk and finds a gun.
luke is in a bank.
he inspects them for a long time, then says.
harling sucks on the cigarette and hands it to whip.
lawrence drifts off with goateed vincent.
peter flexes and breaks the bonds.
then quickly, his eyes move down and to the left.
he sees something shining on the far side of the frozen lake.
silence surrounds them, there are no birds, no wind.
ben gets to the front door.
he hits a soldier who drops a grenade.
count rugen clubs westley hard across the skull.
susan signs, the young man smiles gently, they are completely intent on each other.
she walks away.
nearby, a confused joy looks at abby.
mozart sits on stage at a harpsichord rehearsing the singers taking the parts of figaro and susanna in the opening bars of the first act of the marriage of figaro.
hi's face in the foreground as he desperately seeks escape.
sam is backing up against a wall.a sword in one hand, a saucepan in the other.
she stares at the papers, turns away, as if what she is fearing would have to be impossible, then, having to satisfy herself, goes to the stand, drops a dime in the iron slot, picks up a los angeles newspaper, starts back into the car lot as she glances worried at the front page.
gandhi sits by a window in the dimly lit coach.
two young girls stand, facing each other.
he walks into the rain-soaked road as the truck approaches the camp.
george helps at a soup kitchen.
he dives head first through a closing gap and lands on the ground.
a man is sitting next to forrest on the bus bench.
as he turns around.
harry stands over her aiming his wand.
he's got a newfound sexual energy that makes her uncomfortable, and he knows it.
she glances across the table, then looks down.
the three children are at the top of the stairs.
findley and bert watch him go.
then two stretch limos with more vehicles bringing up the rear.
a sleeve is rolled up and a marking of a skull and snake in on the arm.
cole's face turns the color of ash.
the men, including roscoe, pull indy through the hole in the roof.
the camera moves up from the screen to reveal mickey once again, as seen through the window, silent and serious under the cat-scan module.
the material of aunt may's brolly starts to tear.
we finally come to the kids, staring in through the gate.
nema drives the truck with his grandparents in the cab with him.
the white king's huge sword falls from his hands.
they stare at each other for a moment.
michael and the mercenaries carry lewis on a hastily- constructed stretcher.
the black guy has his i.d.
he looks around the ashram a little dismally.
uncle billy picks up the phone and speaks distractedly, without knowing what he is saying.
the officer hands forrest an envelope, then walks away.
ferris is sitting up in a hospital bed as a nurse checks a drip.
from outside the door where arkady leers in at him.
he looks down at it.
as renault picks up the phone and dials, rick takes back the letters.
purvis leaves, shutting the door.
seconds later, the book scuttles into view and harry pounces -- flumph!
lorl is opening the door admitting salieri.
he sees enrique making his escape.
she barks a mirthless though hearty laugh.
ashley rolls her eyes and looks at karen, who beckons her over.
he reaches up and with one hand easily rips a stout limb off a tree.
nagini slithers past hagrid towards voldemort, who steadies himself and raises his wand.
it is a six-story building in the normandie- wilshire district, with a basement garage.
they move into the corridor.
a man gets out of the van and gestures to the occupants.
we lead edward as he walks away, tears just starting to form.
the goblin flashes past spider-man, punching him.
he turns a corner and sees a man holding a detonator with wires attached.
she sees two green legs as thick as great tree trunks.
she cannot know that george's tirade against mrs. welch is really a tirade against the world, against life itself, against god.
neville's face is bruised and battered.
thao walks out of the back door.
watson eyes him wearily, and holmes nods.
it's karl the giant, clearing a path by brute force.
in a lit top floor window he catches a glimpse of mary jane as she moves about her apartment.
he watches grim-faced as the honda drives off.
he grates some orange peel into the drink.
for the first time ever, vanessa looks disorganized, unshowered -- and incredibly happy.
he takes his drink and joins her at the booth.
he marches in through the tatty door.
joseph pulls the paper to him and reads.
people walk past the telegraph office.
the dog lifts his leg at the precise moment melvin lunges and picks him up with a decisive heft -- so that dog urine squirts the hall wall for a second or two.
a squad car, gum-balls spinning, punches through the white.
they are clearly agitated.
she holds some notes and points to them.
norma reacts, turning to her daughter.
a smartly-dressed man takes off his hat and grabs fantine's dress.
ernie stops the cab, and george enters it.
the waiter looks at mrs. robinson.
a wave knocks them over, and rushing water carries them away
the lift backs away and descends.
cosette leans down and kisses valjean's other hand, which holds hers.
andy stands and stares at her with her big doe eyes for a moment, then leaves.
quirrell pulls away.
graham unclips the baby monitor from his son's belt.
hermione stands in front of harry.
evan, kayleigh, lenny and tommy, all thirteen, watch the mailbox across the street with intense anticipation.
he floats lifelessly over where the boy is lying, his blood staining the water.
he and a smiling bert exchange glances.
he leans on a parked car for support.
she frowns, her blue eyes glittering, and screws up the telegram.
magarri looks towards the boat.
it is a quiet, elegant restaurant, one with soft piano music and subdued lighting.
ron -- pale, nervous -- extends his hand.
there are a lot of chicks in this place.
lynda turns around and looks.
the doctor is framed in the doorway, looking through a file cabinet.
he begins unbuttoning his suit.
harry closes his eyes as tears well up in them.
randal exits and locks the door behind him.
drover clambers onto a rock and sees the herd thundering out of the canyon.
bert takes a seat.
each takes a few steps away.
as it keeps ringing, we look to see the apartment is mostly empty, just a few half-unpacked boxes.
the messerschmidt cannot pull up in time.
he reaches back to help elsa.
he walks over to the window where morning light is streaming in.
michael is nearest the door.
merrill climbs up over the side and joins morgan on the roof.
it stops behind another car which hani is leaning against, smoking.
she turns as she walks, taking in the green and earthy countryside all around her, before breaking out into a canter.
looking stunned, harry walks the length of the hall, uncomfortably aware of unfriendly looks from his fellow students.
charlie is stunned, and obviously hurt.
he grabs her foot and heaves her up.
he picks it up and shakes off the water.
startled, barbara turns to him.
he raises his pistol and fires in super slow-motion.
the skiptracer swerves,and then spins a 180, sliding into the squad car's side.
he goes to the phone and dials.
he stretches out his good hand and grabs the snitch.
cal follows suit without using his straw.
the glowing philosopher's stone drops from his hand.
kayleigh struggles with the zipper of a shabby coat as she exits.
he picks up the carving knife and begins to sharpen it, a sneer on his face.
the bennet family come out to greet them.
percy heaves sandra into the office.
the reapers are sent plunging into two tanks.
he looks up at his brother in confusion.
valjean gives more money.
butch hangs up the phone.
there is panic in their faces.
the room looks like it was decorated entirely from a sears catalog.
the lights turn back on.
the ground is shaking so violently that frodo and sam can barely stand.
the figure turns to reveal.
the teacher gives him a withering look.
two police cars, sirens wailing.
lisa, still stretched out on the divan looking at jeff, suddenly sits upright and then getting up from the divan, mover over to jeff, the camera going with her.
he plays to the crowd.
ferris takes a thick file from his case.
heading towards it, he emerges onto a path between cedric and viktor.
and the queen looks down and then smiles at her.
a figure sitting down at the bar.
he pulls it out, rubs it off.
he floats between the tables.
jay and kay advance, slowly, cornering him.
again, the sound of the door opening interrupts them.
crossing a street, jane meets casey getting out of a cab.
hearing something move nearby, the sheriff goes to investigate.
inside a suburban house, peter's uncle ben is changing a light bulb.
a small troop of cavalry are coming slowly along the line of gandhi's train toward them.
a young man with a serious, frowning face has just come into the room.
don, his back toward wick, is bent over the suitcase, packing.
the two guys leave as the black guy steps up to chili.
he drops back to the boat, gives the rope a freeing swing and.
barnes tackles him.
inez's face is heavily lined.
charlie stands staring at michael, who slowly steps towards her.
harry turns to ron in desperation.
crossing between two rows of work benches, the sandy-haired man drops a load of shirts concealing his weapon and grabs one of the guards.
she puts a napkin on her lap and brings a fried chicken wing to her lips.
michael fires again.
a rocky staircase leading to a turret-shaped plateau, and the man in black is retreating like mad up the steps and he can't stop inigo--nothing can stop inigo--and in a frenzy, the man in black makes every feint, tries every thrust, lets go with all he has left.
a waiter appears at ilsa and laszlo's table.
jack's patrol car is on the drive.
tommy runs to answer it.
skip shows his id.
she turns rose back around, then continues lacing the corset.
mr. robinson opens the door and starts into the hall.
gilbert leads dillinger and red upstairs to a dimly lit room.
the procession continues through the house.
the driver spots him.
sitting on a terrace by a lake, hoffman pulls out his earpiece and sighs.
ben gives a kindly smile.
he's climbed up and removed a chain holding the blades in place.
a man is leaning against a train window, staring out as the train pulls away from a station.
he squints up with his one good eye, judging distance and trajectory.
the man unlocks the door to a small, stone building.
there is pandemonium as native guards begin to round up people.
carson, upstage, looking behind a piece of classic scenery, hears the doorknob and turns suddenly.
the gang runs off.
mac gets to his feet and kisses juno on the forehead.
she looks outside the window.
rick takes her in his arms, and kisses her hungrily.
the rogue agent lands on a scaffold tower, as bond pulls at the rope around his leg.
the queen walks with two black labradors
robbie's face lights up.
spider-man swoops in, floors four robbers, and flips another over the shoulder in a double move.
trembling, harry looks up at snape, who kicks harry's wand from his hand.
ferris burns his hand as he grabs cds and cassettes from the fire.
sim takes watson's hat.
one of the nurses races back to the door and calls.
the airmen take cover, run to move nearby vehicles, general mayhem -- and our camera booms up -- to the military jeep that drives.
he pops the dude's trunk, flings in the briefcase and takes out a tire iron.
she heads towards the front door.
marley chases debbie around the house trying to pull off her bath towel.
breaking the connection, harry grabs cedric.
now, the redhead chugs a bottle of green liqueur.
some lights are starting to go out.
started, the flock of birds springs from the maize fields, scattering, and flying away.
harry turns to griphook.
ben wears dark glasses, is deeply tanned, and holds a beer can in one hand.
at balmoral, the queen exits a land rover and enters a building.
he considers.
sirius punches lucius, who drops the sphere.
the troll's club flies up into the air and hovers.
a contented-looking mr. oti sits on a riverbank.
the lovemaking suddenly stops.
instantly engulfed in the churning lava!
and probably, if she did not hate roberts so, there would be tears.
the grangers are chatting to mr. weasley.
he looks across at drover, who's standing thoughtfully by a tree.
a fizzing firework hovers in front of her nose and whizzes into the hall, where it explodes in a shower of sparks.
nodding, desi gives a proud smile.
butch is still chuckling, singing along with the song, as we see.
the smart, silver-haired woman sits down, and looks round at the group.
they smile then sit awkwardly.
as we pull back and pan into full shot of bed she comes to the bed and sits on the edge and slips off her mules.
tires spin, digging into the wet ground.
bo with morgan standing at the top of the stairs behind them, watching.
zoe turns back to kate.
harry looks at her miserably.
the dursleys appear on the stairs.
suddenly stella begins to chuckle.
twinkling eyes peer out below dark bushy eyebrows.
he leaps to his feet and races over to a door.
horror sweeps through the streets of minas tirith as the severed heads of faramir's horsemen land amongst the soldiers.
hi is leaving frame again, continuing to talk as we hear him rummaging offscreen.
robbie watches her with sad eyes.
louise reaches over and takes the gun out of thelma's purse and holds it in her hand.
he hits carl with the mic.
he dries his hands as hannah, standing behind him, continues to talk.
she holds it to her.
gittes is badly banged up and half out on his feet.
the lights disturb the snowy owl.
to reveal the orc and uruk-hai, gorbag and shagrat, arguing over frodo's belongings and clothes!
harry fights his way up through them.
he turns and speaks to indy in an ironic man-to-man way.
evan runs down the front lawn to his car, the honda parked at the bottom of the hill.
jeep rests a hand on her shoulder, steadying her.
even though it's early, you can tell this place is a real night spot.
a wooden bludger almost hits harry.
the creatures covering the car turn to look at michael as if they've just now noticed him.
hearing walt come down, the boys quickly shut the trunk,
tires pop, hiss and settle; doors pop open; glass shatters.
javert stops and looks back then heads off into the dark.
they approach the ins agents.
he stops and watches.
aerial shot: shadowfax, carrying gandalf and pippin up towards the 7th level.
he raises the dagger as spider-man stares.
the hostess hurries after them, but finds only a coat closet.
the skiptracer twists his wrist.
he snaps the chamber shut and leaves frame, still talking.
she screws up her face and fights back tears.
thomas coughs his whiskey and grimaces.
gittes sees the clerk turn to another, say something.
she looks back at merrill.
peter grins proudly and mouths the lyrics.
tillie shakes her head.
skeeter at the kitchen table reads from a list of questions.
his book shows the line moving towards a pulsing red dot.
michael's eyes narrow, studying jeep.
sophie, eleanor, and lawrence are in reception.
watson immediately tackles a guard.
he runs out the back door.
the doctor and michal leave his line of vision.
before continuing on her way back to the trailer.
he strides over to meet her, beaming.
is back past m.
he stops and looks at the windscreen, walks to it, and takes an envelope from under the windscreen wiper.
he is wearing a cheap blue serge suit.
half of it falls to the floor.
a roaring fire; a lamb roasting on spit; long tables laden with food; barrels of wine; a banquet is-laid ready for the returning soldiers.
everett clears his throat.
it falls around her shoulders.
a low camera has jeff's head on the foreground, with stella just behind him, at work on his back.
he's pushed up to the table.
a bearded man knocks into jack and spills his beer on rose.
now, they sit at a table with several empty shot glasses.
cedric helps harry to his feet.
pete stops his daughter and kisses her on the head.
the sheriff throws a candy bar at him.
the two men empty their guns at the same time on the sitting brett.
he stops his horse, checks his herd, then gallops off.
triumphantly racing through the night.
his eyes move away from the newlyweds' apartment, and slowly explore the neighborhood to his right.
he is holding out another picture.
he lifts her up.
an army of dark shapes are swarming in fast.
pippin looking on in frightened awe.
the grin broadens, and then he starts briskly down the promontory.
he groans.
flame flares from a stack at a refinery behind him.
an entire battalion of infantry, marching with weapons reversed.
he forces a laugh.
cole watches her.
she climbs in bed laughing.
evan goes down.
manages to grab it.
they enter the empty and burned out shop the death eaters attacked.
he looks up at professor mcgonagall nervously.
the camera is locked down on the roof of the rocketing squad car, looking past its flashing gumballs.
filch stands at the bottom.
the queen looks at notes on the palace gates.
he takes a ladle full and passes it to aron who sits next to asael.
holden watches him go and exits.
jenny and forrest sit on a limb together.
he, joe, alice, louis and jack watch as the spacecraft gains altitude in a blaze of bright lights.
fezzik approaches, gestures for him to stop, and with one mighty swipe of his mighty hands the door crumbles.
minnie frying chicken opens her envelope of money.
then something directly below his window catches his attention.
an ancient parchment map of middle earth.moving slowly across the map as if drawn by an unseen force the camera closes in on a place name.mordor.
walt straightens up and stares at the silver four-by-four as it departs.
he passes a chair at the end of a table, which suggests it's the dining room.
nick sees gatsby and frowns.
as he rounds the corner into the lot he pushes on the various key fobs, identifying various cars when their alarms chirp.
zoe watches a home movie of christine frolicking on a dull, wind-swept beach.
bert eyes eddie with controlled rage as the two get ready to play again.
she takes her boy's hand.
as the executioner lunges at ferris with a large knife, the room is lit up by gunfire.
he pulls it out and tastes the compound it's injected.
karen watches him a moment from the doorway.
the waitress brings a check.
they round a corner and walk out on stage, and look at the vast hollywood bowl amphitheater.
david's sitting alone at the table in a small dimly lit kitchen.
the reason for their misery is clear.
tuvia turns round to face the community, arkady behind him, smirking.
other spectators are seated at the top of tall towers hung with heraldic designs.
harry sees that draco is holding cho.
he holds a framed wedding photo of himself and his wife.
one of the robotic explorer shines its lights on the rotted remains of a grand piano.
count rugen, looking very much surprised.
lupin's fingers turn to claws.
the sword is withdrawn from a pool of steaming water.
claiming rocks arrow through the sky as gordon clears a hill top and outruns a volcanic erruption.
is about to approach the spot where a turkish soldier lies dead.
strasser waits to be asked to seat himself.
sophie, standing beside her, is barking wildly.
he kicks and struggles as they lift him.
the stars fade out from the screen, and a light, indistinguishable blur is seen.
dale plunges an epipen injection into harken's chest.
she looks down, pointedly, in the direction of her waist.
snape clips his ear.
she smiles warmly.
on the wide-screen tv behind him, we see jane standing in her window as she looks across at him.
peter closes the partly open door.
neff sits, staring blankly at the wall.
she climbs the wooden walkway.
dante gives randal a shove to shut him up.
cal sits down next to the pretty woman, who is around 40.
she walks up to the barriers to meet the people.
he sips champagne.
finally azad takes just a step forward.
mickey throws the football.
they get into the car and pull out of the driveway.
pearl comes to her and she picks up pearl and the doll; john, laden with his oath, walks quickly into the house.
he switches on the light in his single room home.
as dillinger and red pass a misty overlook, the agents reach a stand of twin trees and split up.
the staircase, as the figure appears in the archway.
javert watches as valjean places his shoulder under the shaft.
he wraps the cord around her neck.
he points to his ear.
cal kneels beside rose.
as she hunches forward, a group of dancers gathered behind her lifts her into the air.
when a trolley car gets out of his way, he continues to cross the street.
then lizzie gets up.
jeff's grip begins to slip.
theoden gallops in front of his army, issuing urgent orders to his captains.
suddenly a speeding car comes to a stop outside the hangar.
he solemnly looks down at the locket he still holds.
scobie beats wildly at the the slate with his claw, trying to gouge a grip.
president wilson walks through crowds outside the white house.
archive footage shows diana in a hat with a hint of a smile on her lips.
mr. blonde walks away from the cop.
a huge cheer comes up from the massed peasants below.
the light brightens and harry sees naked emaciated corpses clambering out of the water towards him.
he breaks off as a short, squatty woman, pushing a child in a walker, comes into sight and approaches.
he looks back at flint who meets his steadfast gaze.
we distantly hear picks ringing and male chanting.
the students dash to the landing, where all the paintings whisper fearfully.
the limbs grab spider-man's head and toss him about.
elsa is walking away in an open area, background of torches, vehicles, nazi officers.
she's with ted.
he emerges from the trees, into a field filled with buttercups.
trina sees a young boy slip out of his seat.
then, walks along the landing and into the children's room.
the two strangers gaze at each other, and then converge abruptly in a deep kiss, caressing each other passionately.
in a cinema lobby, using a public phone, a fair-haired agent scans the surrounding.
as they settle in and drive off.
the teddy bear scrambles for the door, crashing into everything in its path.
they embrace again.
graham takes hold of morgan's chin and turns his face so he's looking straight at him.
high on a crane, spider-man has woven a web over which he crawls to mj.
he offers the guy all his money.
slung over one shoulder, with his arm through is, is a large coil of sturdy rope.
they both fidget awkwardly.
gorbag falls through a trap door leading to the floor below.
cole cracks a smile.
he glances at bert as he sprinkles the powder on his hands.
they turn to look at morgan asleep on the floor, his head resting on folded blankets.
they turned to find the old woman, close beside them.
she walks over to the torch, picks it up, and shines it at merrill, who's stacking crates and live sacks of dog food in front of the chute.
kurt blanches and returns the binoculars to the shelf.
quince hesitates, then realizes what drew has on his mind.
evan celebrates his 14th birthday and blows out the candles.
they both run.
he slips out of the flat, goes to the stairs and stops dead.
he lifts the pail of peelings to nehru.
now, a lanky man leads the woman and a plump brunette up an outdoor flight of stairs at a brisk jog.
she tries to retrieve the letter.
taylor gives loomis a quizzical look.
lester suddenly turns to jane.
the headstone is missing, uprooted from the ground.
but he does not go on.
they turn and see, aberforth dumbledore.
the family room lights are off now.
carl follows the proceedings, fascinated.
gradually, he alters the music so that it turns into the celebrated march to be used later in the marriage of figaro, non piu andrai.
school boy tosses rambo an explosive.
the commander and the subordinate have an overview of a larger compound, in which the pigs roam freely.
a servant opens the bottle for him.
dried rust-colored blood stains the tip of the bandage.
all the boys asleep.
he grabs her hair and pulls her head back.
saruman sits upon his throne.
nick looks back briefly as he descends the stairs.
he gestures to watson.
he then takes a large roll of adhesive tape and puts that into his pants pocket.
debbie looks at him for a moment.
the bars on window frame are wrenched away.
she looks at her hand on his.
george puts the flower in a glass of water on the table beside her bed.
standing at their table, pete and debbie hold hands and share a loving smile.
then he follows her gaze to the glasses lying on his handkerchief.
pete's eyes burn into everett's.
as mickey continues to talk offscreen, gail closes the cabinet drawer and walks to a file cabinet behind mickey's desk.
another page turn reveals l shapes and a set of two broken squares with a small square in the center.
later, rose sleeps in her berth beside her collection of framed photographs.
her face grows sad.
a car pulls out ahead, and carl pulls on the brakes so hard the back wheel flips up as he slows down.
grabbing the ball of harry, peter turns into norman's study and stares the chaise long and remembers laying norman's dead body on it.
he watches, looking tensely from one group to the other, almost terrified by what seems about to happen.
a limo pulls up by air force one.
dodging a bludger, he hurls the quaffle towards a hoop, then scowls as oliver skillfully knocks it away and gives him a cheeky smile.
it's pointed directly at david.
the bomb exploded in the closed sarcophagus.
an ominous black shape flaps past, a lost umbrella tossed by the ferocious wind.
later, he stands before double doors marked mr. donaldson.
cross looks hatefully at gittes.
maman draws closer.
people now stand along the platform with jamal and latika at the forefront.
carrying a small axe, tall, dark-haired, unshaven zus creeps across the farmhouse.
his face is blacked and he sways as if standing on a boat.
that's when he sees her -- the girl in the river.
benjamin sips root beer.
fats makes a good break, leaving the cue ball teetering over the far corner pocket.
bert and eddie finish their breakfast coffee in the dining room.
hearing the sound of the glider, spider-man and mj look up to see the goblin on his way towards them.
they had gathered in a plush banqueting suite with chandeliers hanging from the ceiling.
bond throttles back and the other boat rear-ends them so hard it mounts their stern knocking camille down in the process.
long, bony fingers caress the street as the black-tied figure rises to its feet.
umbridge looks out of the window and smiles with secret anticipation.
he smiles to himself.
the commander has to make his strategic withdrawal by himself.
sim and watson are sitting at a table outside a cafe at the foot of the tower.
they turn quickly back around to look at the front door, one plank nailed across the frame halfway up.
the medic looks up.
they stare at one another.
her right hand cuffed to the chair, she holds her knees together.
he's leant against a fallen tree as the figure moves away still clutching the sword.
a dark haired woman speaking with a white-haired man.
the boat is still upright on the turbulent ocean.
swooping low over the table, it heads for ron, but collides with a bowl, scattering crisps everywhere.
in the crowd a young street girl, eponine, has her eyes fixed longingly on the handsome marius.
at the glass cabinets covered in cobwebs.
brody looks confused.
as they speed between two lines of electric pylons, harry's wand lit of its own accord.
he tosses the jacket towards mary jane on stage and strikes a series of poses.
a machine spits out a credit card with sandy's name on it.
the song-writer dashes off a loud vamp of greeting on the piano, then gets up to offer drinks.
she grabs his feet.
morgan reaches into the pile of video tapes under the television stand.
his wheels draw closer to the top step.
krum is in dress uniform, a fur-trimmed cloak over his shoulder.
johnny, taking off his jacket, leads the way into the dining room and stands next to his wife.
kyle and audrey are bundled together on the roof, keeping watch.
she turns and realizes noah is nowhere to be seen.
as indy says this he pushes his way past the startled butler, pulling a handkerchief from the man's pocket.
a couple strolled by the boating lake in central park.
gandalf as the beacons burst into flames.
aragorn passes eowyn and faramir who bow before him.
audrey looks up with interest.
saruman lifts the cloth to reveal the palantir.
he watches as jackson lifts up lily.
gittes stands on the veranda, smoking a cigarette, staring off into the night.
the bus rockets forward once more.
rambo is at the tiller, steering.
in front of the mirror, he fastens the tie.
terrance stands on the stage and raises his arms.
they watch as a military lorry with a covered tail pulls into view and drives along the edge of the paddy field.
the snake tightens around his neck.
now he draws spiders on the page.
gawkers gather around the body.
cheering, the six bullies engulf the kid.
he shakes her hand.
he smiles at a group of beauxbatons girls who stalk off.
sitting on the seat, jack puts his arm around rose.
charlie starts to put away eddie's cue stick.
merrill throws the cigarette butt to the ground, then, slows to a gradual stop.
jenny carries a backpack as she prepares to board a bus back to berkeley.
cary's made a long, insane pile of firecrackers -- he uses an open m-80 and begins laying a squiggly, long line of gun powder back, away from the firecrackers -- away from the entrance to the creature's contraption space.
she narrows her eyes disapprovingly.
laurie goes to answer it.
ron and the girl come up, they are coughing but safe.
they stop eating and turn toward him.
robbie lets his head drop forward.
buttercup, terribly moved.
he takes his rate book out of his brief case and puts it on the desk.
now we see each letter on the stones as indy carefully walks forward.
valjean knits his fingers together.
they drive down the road.
they raise their weapons.
a hand grenade pin hangs, glinting, from one of his fingers.
he kicks her away.
as the hat touches his head
carol walks to simon and puts an arm on him.
neff looks at keyes' back with a strained expression, then lifts the phone again.
jeebs nods, point taken.
tom rests his forehead against gatsby's for a moment.
the camera eases back.
george and mary sitting on the divan.
jenny's bed is made.
he looks up, sees nothing, then looks down.
vic swallows some remy.
marcus rolls his eyes, shakes his head, then turns to the kids.
nevertheless, cousin eustace has his camera equipment set up and is taking pictures of the group.
her dress is high-style fashion and dramatic evening wear.
peter examines the bite.
he reels under the blow.
a co-worker wearing a suit approaches.
he rounds on pippin.
he spins round, hearing a radio being tuned in the tent.
pippin looks up at gandalf, afraid to ask.
his eyes turned to a man seated with his young flexed and head daughter.
finally mary reaches the sofa, sits down, looks at the spread.
we pull back from enjolras and marius holding their flag at the first floor window with the students beyond them to see that citizens have spilled out of the cafe musain into the street and have all joined in the final chorus.
he tips over a pan of oil which bursts into flames and gets past the gunman as the hero dies bloodily on stage.
he clop-clops nearly to the bottom of the stairs.
sarah stands up and looks around the room.
joseph helps him out.
debbie smokes a cigarette at the side of the house.
the displaced community of men, women, and children clutching their bundles of possessions.
finally, summoning up a smile, minnie standing with the congregation lifts an approving eyebrow.
in the empty classroom, they take off the invisibility cloak.
larry hugs desi.
jacob turns to hannah.
he sees little anna standing alone.
a photo shows diana and dodi lounging.
we see he holds a watch.
he marches through the podium as the mayor shakes the president's hand.
two thugs stand at the door.
they are no longer wearing the orc armour.
later, they're on the march again, with viktor and gramov leading the way on horseback,
brody continues through the crowd past various street vendors.
scattering spiders, ron backs the car out around the tree roots and back along the narrow tunnel.
both wearing helmets, they whiz down the road on their stomachs.
alyssa sits at a separate signing table, with a line in front of her.
he pulls the covers up now, not a sound, tries to close his eyes.
blearily she gazes back.
randal makes no move, but remains untouched.
in his outstretched hands is the hand gun from david's closet.
as rose stirs her coffee, she and cal exchange glances.
the colonel backhands ricky so hard it sends the boy sprawling.
the pillar to which she's tied buckles and the ropes become free.
the second policeman examines them.
disgruntled, he looks across the street at a white woman unloading groceries from her car.
charlie looks down at her belly.
he grabs jane's phone and dials, then stands with the receiver to his ear, nervous.
the bludger smashes wood's broomstick to smithereens.
underwater the effects of gilliweed take hold, harry's hands and feet become webbed.
the commander blows out his cheeks and looks up at the big man.
kay reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tubular metallic device the size of a pocket recorder.
in the hospital, daisy lies staring up through narrowed eyes.
he bangs desperately on the glass.
they lock energy blasts.
fred winks at ron.
mrs. robinson walks into the shot, half dressed.
harry on the orchestra platform, whistle in hand.
the young englishman glances back cautiously toward the well- dressed indian again, then.
comes to the top and pauses
shuffling papers, she once again glances at the door.
he sits up stiffly.
she comes down the stairs, brings them to him.
she walks down off the band stand.
the door to the plane is closed by an attendant and it slowly taxies down the field.
he smiles apologetically and hangs his head.
inclines his head and stares at the radio.
she turns back to ron.
through blurred vision, whip sees ken leaning to the side in his seat as he is dragged out.
bernie is limping slightly.
grimsrud gives him a sour look.
at first only the turrets and rooftops are visible against a torrid sky.
after a moment he absently throws the cupful of water into the receptacle under the cooler.
pete follows.
inigo and fezzik, hurrying inside.
rose follows jack, who uses the axe to break through the door and into the corridor.
a passenger steps forward.
strom watches a computer generated image of the level of the green gas in the chamber as it rises to fill it.
drenched, he returns and sees gatsby and daisy deep in conversation.
mcgonagall breaks the spell.
caesar makes it to tamara as the outer hatch closes.
mj hangs up on him.
ben stares down at her peaceful, but bruised face.
like a little girl playing cowboy, she spreads the tobacco on some rolling paper.
forrest carries bubba through the jungle.
gittes dives into the flood control channel, which is at this point about four feet deep and six feet wide.
they saunter over to the cashier's cage.
she goes over to nick.
his head lulls to one side.
he holds up two potatoes.
he takes her arm.
the room is brightly lit; it's cluttered with pillows and plants.
an audience of ordinary german citizens stands in the pit area, or sits: they are rapt and excited.
it is sam.
adrian follows anheuser into the corridor which is buzzing with activity.
fleur delacour's with bill, the weasley twins, remus lupin, and nymphadora tonks stand nearby.
he finds glasses and pours.
brian smiles as the boys stifle giggles.
the gentlemen and the ladies grasp each other's hands, and circle one way, then the other.
he sits back, tugging unconcernedly at the line.
punching him.
then he finds a tin-opener.
harry can't speak; his jaw is broken.
a wave brings a large aircraft carrier
the moon appears from behind a bank of cloud.
he looks at the tool the gardener was using, hesitates, picks it up and starts to probe into the pond himself, toward the gleaming object.
the indian delegation has gone, and the british are relaxing as a servant pours.
harry cowers and runs from snape's room.
she gapes at him, open-mouthed.
noticing them, diana's eyes widen.
harry looks up.
the man shrugs and beckons for them to follow him.
neff goes on until he is close to her.
it contains, next to a tangled bunch of hairnets, several neatly stacked tins of dapper dan pomade.
bond follows the guests with the gift bag in the toilets.
purvis takes cover and reloads.
susan comes closer to joe.
he slips away to the stage.
he pinches her nose,
merrill is staring self-consciously at his plate when graham's hand reaches out, and tucks him in the family embrace.
he spots a colleague springing out of his chair.
a door opens into a dark and a chamber containing a water tank.
the drone is growing louder - we can now tell that it is a human scream.
melvin walks back into the restaurant proper.
he stops for a moment, looks around at the rows of empty tables, and goes out.
harry walks downstairs along pathways cleared amongst the rubble.
she looks up, her smile gone, folds and unfolds her arms, tucks her fist under her chin, shows him her wedding ring.
harry looks to karen for help here.
rick snaps his fingers for the headwaiter.
harry goes across to mary jane.
he kicks away the stool, leaps onto the piano, and dances over the tables.
they stand apart.
gittes regards his back a moment, then goes to the stacks.
scenes play out in windows.
jenny smiles as she looks around to the glamorous halll, and all table lamps.
hilly grimaces angrily as her mother parades her pie at shoulder height like a waitress.
he swing past the twin spires of st. patrick's cathedral and land on the rocket rockefeller center roof garden nearby to the surprise of a canoodling couple.
he closes a second door leading to a small conference room, then picks up a phone.
she swigs from an absurdly oversized carton of juice and wipes her mouth with the back of her hand.
the party is all over.
the older, distinguished-looking man, herzog, leaves jordan looking bewildered.
he swallows.
they are beautiful, multi-colored three foot high zinnias.
sam's eye is suddenly caught!
vincent digs into his douglas sirk steak.
jane runs down the pier, arriving at the end just as the gangplank is being removed from the party boat.
daisy walks in and checks her immaculately bobbed blonde hair in a mirror.
the man in the camouflage jacket walks past the car.
kallenbach and desai are a step or two behind him.
audrey comes down from the roof.
harry captures a letter and makes a dash for the cupboard under the stairs.
he consults the gps tracker on his phone.
a look of pain creases uncle ben's face.
it towers above them as the fleet of little boats glides closer to the cliff on which it stands.
evan and heidi, making out, burst through the door and fall on the bed.
the heart rate increases reaching 140.
his voice is flat and to the point.
from her viewpoint we see sam alighting from his truck and coming toward the door of the store.
suddenly the fedora, borne on the wind, blows into scene and lands at indy's feet.
moody takes a swig from a hip flask.
he fills a paper cup and stands holding it.
emily's hand rests palm-up on the empty pillow beside her.
eventually, it pulls through the gates and into the drive of a sizable, ivy-clad house.
harry, ron and hermione run down the hill towards hagrid's cottage.
the delighted children fill their plates.
sandy stares wide-eyed as the van continues to flip into the median.
regina and szpilman also call and wave.
he takes the sweater, goes over to the window, pulls up the whiskey bottle, wraps the sweater around it so that only the top with the string around it shows.
barnes goes to speak into a mic in his cuff, but stops.
morgan's attention moves as the crops part and his father and officer paski enter the backyard.
michael looks down at his ripped shirt.
as the sandy haired escapee shuts the door, dillinger puts a handgun to shouse's neck.
she wears a simple house dress, no hat, and has a large envelope pocketbook under her arm.
marcus is standing beside a green van waiting for him.
holmes dodges the attack and hooks the umbrella handle around the man's throat.
he looks over his shoulder and halts.
she takes him to a bookshop where the weasley family are standing near the counter.
he hauls himself up from the now dented pipe.
meanwhile, marcus emerges from a stockroom with a cart to begin his shopping spree.
paula and her waiting staff move busily around the tables.
when he moves them away his vision is clear.
vanessa shakes her head.
in a flashback, two men wearing tuxedos smile and nod as they open a pair of doors with leaded glass windows.
he brings it up to the girl.
eddie walks quickly toward the elevators.
the camera follows lee as she walks towards the curtained windows, past a fireplace, a mirror, some innocuous pictures, a delicate table holding a lamp, the foot of the bed.
graham joins rebecca by the lake shore.
the curricle continues on its way, mr. collins perched on the back.
lily spots charili on the ridge
harry's pov -- all along the carriage, heads look out curiously.
finally he speaks out.
as the train approaches, they prepare to film.
as the woman swims effortlessly then climbs from the pool, daisy watches her with sad eyes.
malcolm watches the car disappear down the next street.
the boys point their wands at him.
he indicates ed with a nod of the head.
someone's hand blocks our view.
two young men enter the camp, one wielding a rifle.
eleanor waits for her to join them.
certain beautiful with a long platted ponytail, daisy takes to the stage with her dance partner.
helen looks affectionately at mike.
rose looks around herself, then up at the ropes running through the pulleys.
a car turns right in front of him.
he notices melvin at the far end of the hall.
the wind starts blowing again.
the president shakes his hand.
crows peck at harry's feet as he steals across the garden.
bone saw collapses to the floor.
he and lizzie walk on together.
his hands thrash in the bubbles reaching for the light.
he, sim, and watson are ushered down some stairs.
he wrestles with the chain as it drags him back.
bandy heats a brand in the fire.
graham demonstrates a red ensemble.
at that moment, a dozen young people, dressed as though for a high school dance, push him to one side and move past him into the lobby.
then the door swings open, and mr. white carries the bloody body of mr. orange inside.
leah and juno struggle to drag a recliner across a well manicured suburban lawn.
debbie brings pete a bottle of beer.
she pauses a moment and glances down the street.
lisa has dropped the bag on the bed and is now looking around the bedroom, looking for some place to start searching for the jewelry.
he takes the garbage out.
dumbledore holds up one of mad-eye's bottles.
they climb the spiral staircase inside the building.
ron sighs and looks worried.
although we're very close, we can't hear her voice.
joe watches louis carefully as he moves to the house, to the porch and inside the house.
debbie is in workout gear.
finds lupin studying him.
vincent turns.
evelyn looks squarely at him.
we notice on his finger a heavy gold signet-ring.
as his picture is taken.
gandhi looks up at him -- a resigned fatalism.
they fall to their knees.
so does the man.
he grows alarmed.
he drives away as she heads for the station.
he taps out the message given him by holmes.
it stands on the box and polishes a picture frame.
his face partly hidden in shadow.
gandhi stares into nothing -- mulling that.
harry takes his hand from dumbledore's heart.
col turns to him.
david stands with the hood of his security coat covering his head and face.
kay pulls out a box of matches and strikes one on the side.
he notices something clutched in her clenched fingers.
and with that, he stuffs him in the garbage chute and lets go.
frodo is suddenly afraid of her.
ron stops by a window and looks out.
he takes it off, revealing his toned chest.
once they have left, mr. bingley sits back down.
he pulls lee down next to him on the bed.
he glances at her, then slowly lowers her arm and puts the branches of his stethoscope in his ears.
slowly doyle's eyes travel back to jeff.
lawrence joins her.
desi seems to be popping up and down a little.
the children run through open door in background and john runs up to birdie.
uncle billy gestures nervously for george to come in.
as mrs. bennet scurries over to the window, jane tries to hide her excitement.
the dog stands and wags its tail.
she approaches a scruffy man.
she then picks up her lit cigarette and continues to smoke.
then, the magnificent pemberley appears.
alice drive them away as a large score of men in military uniforms brandishing guns and torches arrive on the scene.
lewis stands at the prow of the boat, looking out at the river.
gatsby picks it up for her.
evelle is staggering around in shock, looking in disbelief at his own blue body.
the champions gather around him in a circle.
the man with the string scoops up the marmot and tosses it, screaming, into the bathtub.
david exits a town car and shakes many hands.
he's starting to undo the collar button when it pops off by itself.
he rolls up his sleeves, and his well- muscled arms heavy with hair confirm his dark, husky build.
the room looks like a cyclone hit the place, but there is no sign of scobie.
he glances up as the three convicts clank around the corner, then returns to his whittling.
he undoes a huge knot with an equally huge monkey wrench and fits a new belt on the flywheel.
the car races toward a tunnel that cuts through a steep.
tanzen is trapped between the geards and the rapidly decending hydraulic ceiling
he looks out the gap where the window should be and sees dil in the lift.
he falls back into the pool.
he glances down at the peruvian darkness powder in his hand.
out in the rains wet street, peter, keeping his hand clasped both his collar, steps into a doorway to think.
barely glancing at the body, he grabs the door keys, and heads downstairs.
colin tries to get the attention of a food vendor.
in the backstreet mj is trapped by the gang of four.
inside the diner, the women and jeep look anxious.
hefty willow branches attack the car.
the guy jogs off and dives through a hedge at the side of the road.
he greets the flag-waving crowd, grasping hands as he passes.
lizzie makes her way across the room.
natalie's eyes rove.
the steering wheel and gear shift have the same padding.
oncoming cars swerve.
a besuited agent runs a swipe card through a machine and talks into a radio.
angle on: the witch-king rises out of the wreckage.
as they move away from each other, then double back to cross over.
mr. collins reluctantly follows jane leaving wickham and lizzie alone.
they handcuff her.
at the dance, the smoke from the flare is everywhere.
ezra is playing the piano.
she murmurs to jeff.
close shot -- mirabehn watching him her face wet with tears.
they clutch their sore and painful hands.
taxi cabs crowd the street as forrest pushes lt. dan along the sidewalk.
mr. white is the somebody else.
he taps his cane on the door frame.
through murky glass and thin metal grating, we see dante approach.
she reaches for the long focus lens.
embarrassed, edward just keeps singing, trying to follow along with the baritone part.
suze bursts out of the front door to meet her.
grimacing he fumbles around and turns it off.
a french officer walks in and addresses laszlo.
rick's is an expensive and chic nightclub which definitely possesses an air of sophistication and intrigue.
lovejoy opens his jacket, revealing a handgun in a shoulder holster.
the film cuts back to the kitchen.
he tries one or two final desperate moves but they are nothing.
jules' free hand grabs the wrist of pumpkin's gun hand, slamming it on the table.
he glances back stage.
the interrogator steps out of the room.
he gets to the end of the road.
indy moves back to the dock and pushes the boat away.
a rickshaw carrying szpilman and bogucki travels along the dark streets.
harry moves into the winning position.
onscreen, sophie dives on sydney, pinning him to a table.
hermione enters the room all dressed up.
the friends find each other.
jeff's face grows serious.
picking up the bottle, he staggers to his feet.
the light on angela grows stronger, and the other girls disappear entirely.
the ladder collapses and they fall into the water.
as inigo, eyes shut tight, walks forward, the great sword held in his hands.
walking with her books, sandra shakes her head, disbelieving.
dumbledore gets to his feet.
edward shakes amos's hand before he can retract the offer.
the senior police officer helps.
a lovely woman in a silk spaghetti-strap dress with a black lace bodice emerges bashfully.
bubbles rise from his nose for a few beats, then stop.
the commander walks calmly back and forth.
frodo looks at sam, his face impassive.
they turn, see malfoy land on the seat of his pants in the sundial garden, rub his kisser.
the twinkling lights of central london are spread out below.
robbie looks at her gravely.
charles scrambles to unlatch his seatbelt.
he leaves the editor's glass-fronted office.
he is instantly composed.
hermione rushes to hug him as he changes back into ron.
rinpoche fills nema's cup until it overflows.
at the end of the number ferrari goes to the bar to speak to rick.
murdoch turns to cal and lovejoy, while ismay helps load the collapsible.
the opposing players try to catch him.
shadows emerge under a full moon: black.
pete starts riding really fast and passes a car.
walking a more isolated path, debbie spots a blonde boy with a prop.
his grandfather says nothing, just waits.
he sees drawings of a semiautomatic pistol, a revolver, and an automatic light artillery gun.
the sinuous roots have twined around his neck, strangling him.
a hand claps him on the shoulder.
the two stewards escort jack away.
aragorn kneels down beside him.
jeff looks at them aghast.
harry looks back towards the entrance and sees moody pointing surreptitiously to the left.
they watch horrified as the executioner raises his axe.
with a sickly smile, the undersecretary raises hers.
we will be very pointed in the fact that he avoids stepping on cracks.
gatsby steps out into the sunlight.
he chooses a gift for hermione.
carl furrows his brow.
ron clenches his jaw and scowls at harry.
he stares transfixed, perplexed and amused.
the train is not in yet, but there is activity around the station.
she takes off his jacket.
the fine ladies and grand gentlemen in the carriages avert their eyes, or raise the blinds of their carriage windows to shut out the sight of the losers of their world.
they scarf down the cookies.
evan's body is hurled backwards dramatically.
the bus was hit so hard it rides for a moment only on its.
the horses whinny loudly in the distance.
pete is very upset about the record not selling.
his face lacerated from the train crash, woodward glares stonily back at the colonel from his hospital bed.
she smiles brightly at gatsby.
he puts up his hand.
merrill stares across at them, blinking rapidly.
police are tapping the phones, dusting for prints, etc., while darryl sits motionless in his recliner with a dull expression on his face.
aron wraps his arms around his big brother.
eleanor speaks on her cell phone as they leave.
harry looks into the mirror.
he reaches it, touches it, reluctantly lifts the small frame off the wall.
at the camp tuvia and malbin see it too.
harry gets up and holds out his hand.
pumpkin heads his way.
later, jane, still looking unhappy, hangs the dresses back in the closet.
he is concerned enough to be angry, but certain enough to be dogmatic.
the fingers are thin, half-starved, like the man himself.
she is carried off.
thelma is like a dog with a bone.
the doors shut.
wick slams shut the suitcase, snaps the lock.
don takes it with a shaking hand.
looking back, he holds a finger to his lips.
harry crosses the floor and climbs a steep flight of steps to a rust eaten door.
he goes to the door.
she wants the situation clarified.
gittes spots a shadow looming in front of the translucent pane.
gatsby and wolfsheim exchange pointed looks and gatsby goes.
cheered by the hogwarts students, the elegant beauxbatons girls march away along the cloisters.
kate gapes and stares into the blackness as tenzen addresses his family.
as she raises the gun, dil shoots her repeatedly, saying.
school boy moves up front.
police and soldiers stand tensely with their weapons raised.
he has knocked off his feet by the force of the dragon's tail.
they step forward, one by one, making the pranam (the hindu gesture of greeting), then bending and touching the hands and lips to gandhi's feet in the traditional obeisance of child to father.
his hand squeezes her breast.
later, the extended group are having a meal.
they realize mr. samuels is in the next office on the other side of an opaque glass screen.
a smile spreads across ryan's face.
we are still in the council room, but time has passed.
under the table, jules' hand goes to his .45 automatic.
in the backseat of the car, rose slaps her hand against the back window, then slowly slides it downward.
norma toasts her daughter; everyone follows her.
cala is looking down at them.
the young shop assistant comes to the counter with a paper prescription bag.
tuvia looks at the woman without remorse as she mourns before him.
chili watches curtis pick up the note with the newark flight number and arrival time written on it.
she opens the door of the embossed cabinet.
yawning with exhaustion, luke steps into a lift to join alette swaved in fur and leggy alicia.
she goes back into the bathroom.
everyone looks around.
as vogel and the nazi soldiers rush to the dock.
she picks up a cushion.
the train picks up speed, sending the passengers whining.
dozens of passengers still dangle from poles or lie against railings and staircases.
she frowns at the phone.
adrian is shown into a cabin on the escape ship.
aibileen watches her humiliation from the doorway to the kitchen.
his eyes suddenly open.
he suddenly sits up, sniffing the air.
lawrence gives him a jaunty nod and saunters off.
suddenly, holmes opens his eyes wide and stares around wildly.
upstairs, in a smart kitchen, he drinks milk from the bottle, then replaces it in the well-stocked fridge.
lights go on floor by floor.
on the rocky path, school boy stops to listen in a craggy crevice.
comforting him, hermione rests her head on his shoulder.
they set off again between the racks of comics and related toys.
denethor slowly raises cold eyes.
mickey, still ruminating, stands up.
there are dark bags under her eyes.
lee kisses frederick twice, then releases him and walks out of the work area.
she shrugs inanely.
smiling warmly, charlotte leans in and kisses skeeter on the forehead.
mad-eye takes off his prosthetic leg and takes a seat.
the shape lies on the floor by the bed, the butcher knife protruding from his stomach.
robin approaches a blonde woman.
chili leans into the light, keeps his tone quiet, controlled.
jack and rose hold hands, then face each other and spin faster and faster
a rear passenger door opens.
jessica shakes her head.
he stops outside the salon and peers inside.
the priest sprinkles holy water on the dying mother.
a snowball fight starts, then jenny and john pull the children on a sledge while marley trots alongside.
the lights are out in thorwald's bedroom, and thorwald is in the act of pouring himself out a drink in the living room.
hermione flops miserably on the bottom step, takes off her party shoes, and rubs her feet.
the analyzer shifts colors.
the cart and its passengers plummet.
sarah comes in.
(it is the same coat, and pocket, as in the wedding-night scene.
susan shakes forrest's hand.
when she looks back up she stares expectantly at gittes.
jack pulls out a pamphlet, and places it on the table.
he has only three chips left and seems bewildered.
the suv reverses.
gandhi makes the pranam, studying him with interest after that comment.
drew kisses her, over her shoulder he glances at parrish.
it is longer.
rosmerta looks to mcgonagall.
beside jack and rose a woman hugs a young boy to her chest.
sunlight bathes his face as he rests his hands on his stomach.
evan walks up the aisle and takes a seat.
half way through she gets stuck.
the goblin punches spider-man in the chest and face, then kicks him and punches him again.
tuvia, armed with his machine gun, is on an early morning watch.
andrea suppresses the tiniest of proud smiles.
draco sees harry and smirks.
as the truck passes over a low wooden bridge above a stream, rambo jumps off and rolls in the mud and takes position at the side of a hut.
holmes sees a stack of long-barreled pistols.
the black rolls away and we are spinning--spinning down a bowling lane--our point of view that of someone trapped in the thumbhole of the rolling ball.
gandalf laughing and clapping the hobbits.
bob holds his lighter out to a gas tap at the base of an oven.
we are rocketing toward her.
grinning girlishly, they go to a table.
louise starts the car and starts driving in circles around the truck driver.
marley knocks patrick over.
he takes her coat and lays it across the back of a chair.
in it is the head of a fish among the rest of the crazy quilt pattern.
number one is mr. samuels.
trina crawls to the boy and straps him back in his seat.
as the squad car leaves, he quickly follows.
nelec fires at the alien with the assault rifle as it forces its way into the bus.
just as the bedroom door opens, revealing uncle vernon.
lily is seeing the kiss from across the room and walks off angrily.
the ends of the cloth don't quite meet.
jeff's conversation continues over the action of the two women.
he adds color.
the police appears.
beside him is a spaniard, erect and taut as a blade of steel.
jacob is at the table with one woman.
he notices cole's expression as he gets closer.
ed stoops to scoop the baby from the car seat, revealing: hi, behind her.
they dash to the stairs.
thurmond looks down.
he rises and goes off.
the stairs curve around the open elevator shaft.
merry desperately hurls the mushrooms across the road.
frodo and sam turn east and walk over the summit of cirith ungol into mordor.
it raises its huge wings and takes off.
on the upper deck, a dark-haired man tosses a blond man a chunk of ice.
the camera pans from this to the street beyond.
it smashes its head blindly against the stone carving.
after some energetic dancing, she emerges from another cab ride.
the two women stand arm-in-arm facing the packed church.
as tess chatters and the men smile, jane unhappily stuffs her face with food.
lockhart's spell has no effect.
a long thin bare leg slips silently into the corn.
kyle is about to address him again, when something else steals bob's attention.
draco remained seated.
harry falls backwards onto a bed.
mark lowers his gaze.
she removes it and reads the back of one.
she stands up and carefully guides the children across the bedroom to the door and ushers them outside.
seated on the stage are khan, singh, three more leaders of the indian community.
uncle billy is seated behind the desk, his head on his hands.
he acknowledges her presence with a hint of a smile.
gandhi stops, looks up at him, at the troops behind him.
she opens a drawer in a sideboard.
as she hears this, she hastily hangs up the extension phone on which she has been listening.
he holds out a hand.
gwen and the other two models turn to the window as an enormous steel girder hanging from a chain swings towards them.
harry is taking his clothes off, he gets in the bath.
she hugs a shop assistant.
he places a scratch card and in the bikini bottoms.
she talks softly into the telephone.
peter hurriedly shakes his head.
we are approaching the crest of a rise.
as he leaves with the crewman, the master-at-arms hands lovejoy the handcuff key.
leah, wearing a thick winter coat, slings her bag over her shoulder as she leaves the staff changing room.
holmes pulls him away and whacks him with a curtain rail.
jessica strides off.
sidney goes to swallow a mouthful of burger, but gags.
she looks out of the passenger window.
one of whom is now none other than indy, coming up to her before she knows he is there.
clayton stares at sidney, who furrows his brow and points at the door.
they play pat-a-cake.
fats puts on his coat; henry sweeps up.
baum climbs into the passenger seat and hands him a file with a transcript from dillinger's phone call to billie.
he holds out her chair for her.
alice approaches the un-moving black guy.
new furniture is taken inside.
skeeter fixes her eyes on her mother, who is concentrating on her soup.
george nelson, cackling wildly, fires into the air as his car recedes.
big john is at a pool table, trying out a few shots.
then tosses the towel on the counter on his way out,
she goes to the bathroom door and knocks softly.
he is pushing her arms down and turning her head away.
joe begins prying a padlock on the trailer with the tire iron.
he pokes her shoulder.
he reaches into the desk drawer and pulls out a passport which he hands to her.
the camera pans past jeff who is asleep in his wheelchair facing away from the window.
the principal, embarrassed, turns and walks away.
john is wondering what to do now.
indy boards one of the motorboats and starts the motor.
all is quiet.
walter's body slides to a stop in the dirt as the car drives off, leaving a cloud of dust behind.
his classmates cheer as he zooms up into the air.
later santa, who in less seasonal times goes by the name of willie, dances with marcus, the elf in a bar.
she has a large black bag slung over her shoulder and a coat over.
she lights another cigarette.
a steward approaches.
kate has her own spoon.
she turns to harry, who inspects his own piece of mirror.
mr. robinson stands at the door.
a cord leads from the tv to ricky's digicam.
sim looks amazed and picks it up.
it screeches off the road towards the diner.
don takes the typewriter, drags himself out of nat's place.
her father turns away.
carl showalter and gaear grimsrud are in the twin beds having sex with two truck-stop hookers.
we're under the covers, where a man's hand traces the curves of a woman's bare back.
seated at a table, he shovels down food.
she is rotating them gently toward the body to warm the brandy.
jamal catches maman staring at the new arrivals.
he holds it to his father's lips, but edward won't drink.
as a plane touches down on the runway.
harry tries to hide his wand.
she turns away from her workspace and almost collides with nick.
a group of college students files past him, all wearing maroon baseball caps.
he takes a bite of burger.
it grows strained.
harry pushes ron out.
she leads the way into a study.
the shadow of a boy cycling a bike with a dumpy alien in the handlebar basket passes in front of a full moon.
he stares back in defiance.
beverly has a hard time stopping.
szpilman is on the public telephone, waiting for someone to answer his call.
he wheels himself back to the desk and dumps the loose cigarettes out of the packet.
he turns back to fergus.
in the room of requirement, draco pulls the heavy cloth from the cabinet.
peter's smile fades as he sees the guy kissing mj.
the hidden rambo watches as she's dragged away.
carrie puts a tape in a player.
as the woman carefully adjust the buttons on her pristine white cuffs, mac and juno wearing everyday casual clothes stroll up to the double-fronted door flanked by two slim furs.
they go next door.
he lies on a straw mat.
mary realizes that something is seriously wrong, and breaks off.
as he opens the door, dillinger shoves him into max and his accomplice hits brian with his pipe.
he reaches him and sticks the barrel of his gun hard in the manager's neck.
gatsby goes to herzog.
he looks around then picks up several of the keys.
he starts to slip down, then comes to a halt.
trapping the fighter between the larger plane and.
peter is sitting at the dining table.
hermione looks up at the ceiling.
with a cry, she swings her elbow out of grimsrud's grasp and lurches away across the front lawn.
he turns to see his wife at a payphone.
hi and ed looking sadly down at the baby.
he and elsa exchange a look.
will reaches the door, where his mother intercepts him.
the court watches, astonished.
ben holds back the door.
and we can see its cause.
he shrugs.
the cruiser spins out of control, swerving off the road and careening into a large rock formation.
his eyes brimming, flint looks sorrowfully but steadily at peter, who nods with a look of understanding.
daisy looks at him with tears brimming in her eyes.
bob walks over to lynda.
carl browses dvds in the video store.
he starts at the sight of lights flashing amid the sound of gun fire and grips his own gun.
the prisoner reaches javert and drops the pole.
andrea, wearing a mechanic's jumpsuit, works impatiently on the carburetor of a toyota celica.
big dan is just sucking the last piece of chicken off a bone.
he sends him hurling backwards.
he looks out of the window at the city as sebastian nods awkwardly.
pops it, revealing a staggering arsenal of weaponry.
a little later, mr. bennet and the rest of the family are seeing mr. bingley out.
aron, hiding behind a tree, watches faithfully.
he swallows hard.
a camera is suspended in a web.
his mouth firmly closed.
next morning, rebecca comes into work in a red dress, with a fluffy orange shrug, swinging a matching orange bag.
joe makes his way into the living room.
but he takes only a step and he turns back, going to his knees, the sobs breaking again and again from his heaving body as he holds his head to gandhi's feet in the traditional greeting of hindu son to hindu father.
neville is reading a label on a shelf beneath one of the spheres.
he kneels down, inspects them, touches them affectionately and with some pride.
jack tosses a box of matches to cal.
solemn, peter watches harry trudge down the path through the gravestones towards the waiting rolls-royce on the road.
the clothes rail is wheeled away, leaving rebecca lying on the floor, clutching her letter.
holmes continues to wander through the machine room and comes to another metal door with a glass window in it.
of an alarm clock ringing with a jolt.
but his velocity causes the water spout to rotate a full 360 degrees.
at the bus station, the skiptracer limps in and takes a sip from the juice pouch.
she tries to hook the letter with a stiletto heel.
dressed only in his shirt and trousers, david looks around uncertainly.
the crowd parts to let will and edward get to the river.
standing around the oval arena, the spectators cheer on their teams.
harry shakes his head, still staring at the man's face.
king george watches from a high outcrop.
fleur is running around scared, she is attacked and knocked down.
the couple move apart slightly and kate pulls off her blindfold.
much of it runs down the corners of his mouth.
she stares into his eyes.
she looks pale and sickly, but still attempts an alluring smile.
they walk quietly.
he stops short, looks at her, then at the umbrella hanging useless in his hand, then back to her.
marius is with cosette.
they race along a walkway bordering the room.
orcs swarm through the opening and the pitched, hand-to-hand battle spills into flames and blackened, smouldering buildings.
the back of her beaded dress is unfastened.
the group leader clutches a shoe to her forehead.
frodo uncurls his fist.in is palm lies the ring!
indy and henry rush back into the room where elsa had been left, only to find: a nazi colonel holding elsa hostage.
the bedsheet walls of the tent are lined with religious pictures taped to the walls.
the figure stops before a statue that holds the broken shards of an ancient sword in its arms.
peter falls on his face.
the land sinking to lift itself upwards.
he makes a grab for the bus and catches hold of a poster stuck to his side.
javert draws his sword.
his eyes stare glassily.
morgan peers up at his father.
a somber-looking black woman in her 40s turns to face the camera.
in a hospital ward, whip slowly opens his right eye.
harry sees an old woman.
ilsa pauses and looks at rick, unsure for a moment.
stung, hermione starts to reply, but -- remarkably -- seems incapable of a single word.
debbie lets loose, she's having the time of her life.
malcolm takes his time before speaking.
their riders stop at a vantage point from where they can see a sizable mansion nestling between trees at a distance.
nick hurries outside, holding an umbrella.
she pulls a gun and sticks it between his teeth.
the motorcade moves past a tall stone bell tower towards the flashing lights of a parked police car.
they come into a spacious room.
thandie smiles coyly.
she sits facing ryan.
the thug slices the blade across her face.
allison looks up at him.
ezra is woken by the ringing.
a black jaguar pulls up in the palace courtyard.
phyllis draws close again.
the broom swings him round in circles and crashes into the side of a stone tower.
an orc commander hurrying on to the anduin river docks, close to the city.
he stumbles into the darkness of the crawl space.
harry walks away then stops.
the car pulls up outside the church.
the jukebox whirs into action.
a fairly large congregation sits in darkened pews as the film cuts to the back, where mickey, his arms crossed, stands underneath some stained-glass windows, watching and listening to the inspiring music.
it scuttles away.
charlie puts on his hat and leaves.
the four mechanical limbs busying themselves around him.
the rats are beginning to force their way inside, swimming through the water and climbing on elsa, who squirms and screams in terror.
a blue ford anglia with a white roof flies down over the neighboring gardens and hovers outside harry's window.
loosening his tie, sandy enters a room and removes his suit coat.
she sees joe.
laurie just hangs there on the doorframe.
pale 15-year-old sister peg does a puzzle.
peering through the blurred windshield.
wickham finds lizzie reading the letter.
she wakes and looks around anxiously.
moriarty shrugs the blanket of her shoulders and gets up on the table.
bert watches him for a moment then follows.
and joe looks at his mother -- and in this moment, she at him and jack's eyes suddenly well with tears -- alice, too, tears streaming down her face and finally jack reaches out -- and puts his hand on his son's shoulder -- which was all joe needed, really.
he stops in front of the portrait of his father.
vincent looks up at jules.
ryan looks serious and waggles his arms.
a patient is carried in on a stretcher.
garland stretches his arms above his head.
john puts his cup down and gets up.
a black pawn is destroyed.
his eyes flicker open, and he sees lilka looking down at him.
including reggie and jean-louis by the door.
looking bewildered, aibileen joins in the clapping.
jesse, the security guard unlocks the door and opens up for willie and marcus.
mickey pulls out a record and looks at it.
all items underwear, socks, etc.
the flames engulf it.
they dis-apparate.
the jewish policeman is servile, crawling to the german.
ferris walks along past an airport terminal building, talking on his phone.
brad leans back in his chair, studying lester.
back on the snow-covered deck of the tugboat, the tug is towing a gigantic ship.
nick at the cash register, busily ringing the bell.
david spots a pair of doors, crosses to them and faces elise.
he looks at the clock on the mantelpiece, then at his watch.
his expression is slightly glazed, as if consumed by his own sad thoughts.
instead, a wind musician gets up, approaches the chamberlain and whispers in his ear.
the sergeant stares, his face wracked with uncertainty and confusion.
the cigarette lies unlit beside walt's dead body, which lies in a cruciform.
she hands him her drink, then turns and walks out of the club through a side door.
as arbogast reaches the landing, the door opens and the mother steps out, her hand raises high, the blade of an enormous knife flashing.
rays of light shoot off the continents, and a golden word orbits into view.
sarah and school boy are on a hill overlooking the harbor.
he walks on.
octavius is hammering up the outside of the office building.
jeff's head is turned toward her, his back more toward the neighborhood.
beneath his yellow sweatband, bleeker's eyes cross and what little color there was in his pale cheeks washes away.
hobbits look up exclaiming in wonder and excitement as the cart bearing gandalf and frodo rolls past the green dragon inn.towards.
red accepts the cash, gives his brow a resigned lift and shoots a tentative smile at dillinger.
he strides to the bottom of the garden, not noticing mj sitting on the steps of the house next door.
gittes is staggered.
in a green-carpeted office, a bookish receptionist looks up.
felipe the bellboy hangs up the phone.
a handsome young man (willam) is standing at the counter.
but mr. darcy remains on the doorstep, watching the carriage clatter its way down the long, curving driveway.
mj marches down the sidewalk, arms folded.
jack shoots the tanker which explodes in a fireball.
the windows look out onto the vast head and shoulders of gort.
she looks up to the walkway, sees jamal, and smiles.
a pull back from the paper shows hi and ed reading it together at home.
the carriage continues on its way, passing through woods in the bright sunshine.
a television shows dick clark as he emcees the times square new york eve celebration.
he turns his attention back to a well-dressed man sitting nearby.
walt shuts the door.
don is shaking so that he can't pick up the glass.
they go to a diner.
forrest nods as he remembers.
each of the escaping prisoners leads their hostage to the door.
indy grabs a railing to keep from falling, but loses his grip and plunges through the opening which has formed a spiral staircase.
tommy squeezes the bottle hard, creating a flaming fuse from the campfire to the fluid soaked dog.
on a shelf, by the wood-paneled wall are reaching masks.
he seems comfortable with the silence; she doesn't.
violet sees the lipstick on george's cheek, and dabs at it with her handkerchief.
he overruns it a couple steps before he can bring himself up short.
a secret service agent heads downstairs.
harry sits down on a step.
frodo and sam following gollum up the dizzying stairway, carved into the sheer cliff.
they stand in the doorway for a moment, then the girl sets off to look about.
sarah, in a robe, walks up and joins him in bed as they both peer out the window.
whip puts his bandaged hand to his mouth as tears flow down his face.
using tweezers, the doctor picks a sharp fragment from an open wound in ferris' arm.
she seems to be putting on the final touches of her make-up, prior to going out.
joe takes the camera.
elves quietly watch them depart.
purvis studies the dead outlaw then nods at his men.
a rather awkward silence ensues between them with neither quite able to look the other in the eye.
galadriel is watching him.
then strides to an elevator.
norman and carol turn to each other, reacting.
she's wearing earphones.
gandhi is staring at jinnah trying to fathom the source of his anger and fear.
he shakes hands with szpilman.
then, just before their lips meet.
in a gents outfit, as ryan looks at ties.
hermione hides her face on ron's shoulder, putting her arms around his neck.
they both stare forward.
she looks across at a man with a dark, bushy beard.
joe's attention returns to parrish and susan, the dance number ends, a boom.
don, clinging to wick's arm, pulls himself up.
he listens to the music for a moment.
hermione looks at them both with narrowed eyes.
then, emily smiles and looks down shyly.
valjean takes cosette.
george is struggling with the gate he finally kicks it open and starts slowly up the path toward mary.
the invisibility cloak is removed and harry snaps out of the immobility spell.
and he's gone.
a white-robed pianist starts to play.
for he's no longer a man, but rather swimming at his feet.
as he turns away, he catches hermione's eye.
he looks back at the driver.
they make up bumpy landing in a reed bad.
allison plays a keyboard.
as the riders enter the walled town we see the poor clustered around the gates - destitute and sick people clammering to get in.
she shakes the stick desperately in an attempt to skew the results.
bob looks up as percy rushes inside.
a dragon breathes a burst of flame.
juno smiles sweetly and comes out into the corridor.
moody places the spider in front of hermione.
indy's delight, however, is short-lived since kazim and two other turkish agents are running towards them with drawn guns.
rebecca grins and goes back to giving luke's kiss her full attention.
next to her marcus holds the santa bag bulging with -- indeed, sprouting -- cash.
wearing a hospital gown, terrence goes.
the heavyset man shakes with grief.
she walks down the hallway to zoe's bedroom.
she gets a little farther away from us so that we now see her down to her waist.
jumping up and down amongst the crowd, carl's wearing giant yellow corncobs on his head and arms.
including the cathedral of notre dame in the background.
grond thuds against the minas tirith gate sending a vibration running through the city!
emily tucks into a jelly pot and some bread.
on the bridge, hichens turns the wheel to the right.
he stares in disbelief at mozart.
inigo's sword pushes at his chest.
moriarty punches then elbows holmes in the chest.
and alice slowly leans in toward him -- is this performance?
a black and white view through one shows a police officer waiting as dillinger's plane moves closer.
ron's broom flies up and smacks him on the nose.
louise hangs up the phone.
jessica is home.
a slytherin beater whacks a bludger towards an opponent, but misses and is himself knocked from his broomstick.
the egg glows as harry twists it open.
tears rolls down ben's cheeks as he stands looking out to sea.
others quickly load up cars, strapping belongings to the roof.
she falls past the camera, leaving blackness, then after a beat reappears, rising into the night sky.
lenore leaps on him and begins to kiss forrest.
he fills it to the brim.
he turns and gazes at the girl's bedroom.
then picks it up, and drains it.
the boy comes to a narrow, wooden bridge over a river.
both cars have stopped.
sidney quickly cups bobbie's dangling penis.
szpilman runs, the firing continuing.
the weasleys and harry are finding their seats.
there is a soft, understanding look on jeff's face, and he gives an involuntary sigh.
it crashes through his father's reflection to reveal a room beyond.
the film leaves elliot's face and cuts back to the loft, where lee, having finished the poem, sits up in the bed, staring pensively, lost in her thoughts.
bones looks at the gun, looks up at ronnie standing there, hands on his hips, holding his jacket open.
a group of men, obviously just drafted, marching along in a camp.
watson tosses down a medical instrument and looks down thoughtfully.
reggie and adam start down the hall toward their own rooms.
the car comes into view cornering on two wheels.
gordon gawps as they drove towards a tall tower and take the tip off with the underside of the plane.
rambo shoots him in the head and turfs the corpse overboard.
gollum creeps close to frodo and whispers in his ear.
rose smiles as she picks up the silver hand mirror.
he spits on the dirt in front of him.
watson spots moran leaving.
he examines the teapot.
we see martin weir and a woman with jet-black hair sitting at a table.
it's pointed directly at him.
harry finds a plain wooden casket.
carter is still waiting in the doorway to his office.
forrest, sitting left, listens.
charlie squares off with sandra, panic in her eyes.
he searches drawers.
they walk off.
peter is having lunch at school.
jeep gazes up to the diner's slanted roof where a large sign glows like a beacon in the darkness.
the man bobbing in the inflatable chair is passed out.
fergus stands there, observing.
the patient sits up, laughing.
their bodies are torn apart by bullets.
we're outside ricky's room, moving slowly toward the open door, through which we can see ricky, standing at his bureau mirror, combing his hair.
kay is furiously searching through the tabs; jay is standing behind him, a little embarrassed.
she stands there in her bra, then reaches behind her back to unhook the bra.
their stone mouths gaping open.
david coldcocks him.
mr. oti waves to a tram.
elijah's face is tense.
the airbags go off.
there is a flicker of recognition, but uncertain.
she looks toward jeff's apartment and, to communicate her dismay, she turns the handbag upside down.
he points at the map.
she opens the palm of her hand towards john and moves up to the podium to join him, watched by a stunned peter.
it's a photo of a young charles lampert.
as lizzie dances, mr. collins leers at her.
the fellowship are asleep on their beds.
a burly guy in a yellow baseball cap, grey jacket and jeans pushes a floor buffer past behind him.
she is photographing his getting-up and leaning on the two girls.
he enters a cozy, fully furnished living room and looks around.
she struts towards him.
suze jerks her head at the door.
he secretly takes the ring from his trouser pocket and puts it in the pocket of her floaty, pale blue floral dress.
her basket is partly filled.
he feigns enthusiasm.
he burst from his chair.
high in the wooden terraces, ron and hermione stand amongst the cheering spectators.
now we see that the tourist, in turn, is following her.
his recent past making him suspect this feast is a trick.
fletcher signs the contract to buy faraway downs.
he runs out of he room, into his workroom, and shuts he door.
miranda has turned her attention to the book.
elsa now holds the lighter as indy rams his shoulder into the wall.
bear looks at him.
he waits a moment.
one of them makes the slide and shoots out onto the ice of a frozen river at the bottom of the hill.
he drags on his cigarette and his gaze falls on a bald, goatee-bearded indian guy giving him the evil eye across the bar.
we stay on the house at leisure; we hear him lunging, shoulder to door; we begin to hear squeaking of hinges and splintering of wood.
she walks down a center aisle, the camera still in its parallel aisle, following her.
peter grins proudly.
she is lingering beside a mirror covered with photographs.
gordon sets the plane moving.
he moves across the window and opens it wide.
thorwald steps to the top of the stairs, and is now somewhat visible.
adam is looking up, having heard the footsteps on the stage over his head -- and hearing them now.
a sadness falls across graham's face.
outside, purvis watches the exiting patrons.
jane is baffled.
the rope, slithering across the ground and out of sight toward the channel, like some great serpent at last going home.
thenardier grovels and dusts javert's jacket.
charlotte shuts the fly screen.
she goes to get one.
during the brief time that the door is open, we hear a cocktail party going on in the next room: voices and soft.
she is already standing up putting money on the table.
the woman tightens her mouth and slams on the brakes with both feet.
she does a professional model's turn in the dress showing off its features.
and jack gets into the car and drives away.
hi and ed continue to stare at the point where it disappeared.
mrs. bennet checks her reflection in the mirror.
suddenly valjean spots a couple of snipers creeping over the roofs to gain an angle of attack on them.
it is as though the man has told him of some terrible self- inflicted wound.
a sudden glimpse of a creature darting in the darkness.
after a moment he pulls his head back, still holding her close.
the boot opens and throws out their trunks and luggage.
they drift down the hill.
harken's gray mackerel striped tabby cat is stretched out under a chair, purring up bobby's phone.
with a dismissive glance, she gets back to work.
we suddenly seen an image of five-year-old latika chasing a train followed by an image of a very beautiful latika, now in her 20s.
lowery starts after him, pauses, turns to mary.
at the restaurant, paula tackles kate as she prepares dishes.
bert is standing in the entrance, with his gun in his hand.
bull goes down.
just then, the waitress walks up.
a young blond boy sits cross-legged in front of the large wooden tv set on screen in black and white.
as she talks her eyes scan the table as if she's looking for something specific.
aragorn turns to gandalf who bows his head in homage.
anheuser watches the chaos anxiously.
john heads back to the house.
luna catches up with him.
harry looks at bo, can't believe what's happening to his life, thinks a moment, then.
he turns back to the cash register, whistling.
a small glass with liquid in it is held under holmes' nose.
he hands her a drink and sits down on the bench beside her.
some try to escape but are caught by the police and loaded into a police wagon.
they sit with harry aside dobby's grave.
below, a woman pulls at the door.
they eyeball him then look back at their phones.
her hair is a mess and she is frustrated.
they drive alongside the collapsing bridge.
she picks up the phone, speaks.
she looks pale and wistful.
opens up in mid-air into a kind of flying metallic bat.
the clough family sits at a dining table in a semi-detached house in the rolling derbyshire countryside.
between the pillars stand a silent company of tall kings carved in cold stone.
graham pauses for a moment to listen at the door.
david and elijah watch the slow moving queue.
the players hover above the quidditch trunk, which stands quivering in the center of the pitch.
her mother gives a non-committal nod.
and then elijah jerks the wheelchair to the left again.
parrish, groomed for the day, trots down the stairs, observing the activity outside through the windows.
phyllis steps out and goes into the market, looking around.
sparkler lighting the way, we're with joe and alice -- pruitt and tina behind them.
he climbs down and looks along a shelf.
the crowd disperses.
the long work space is full of tables at which conservatively dressed women are working, making jewelry out of shellac, a black resin which looks like jet.
part of the film projected on him, too.
dead bodies drift in the dark waters.
the van stops.
chastised, natalie sits back and looks down.
he has his back turned to indy.
a figure emerges from the gloom of the vast, crypt-like cellar.
she stamps out the cigarette in a fit of frustration.
just by the look on jay's face, one can imagine how disgusting it is.
the inside of the box sinks below the surface of the pavement like a lift.
natalie raises a drink to her lips.
his face visible, the passengers stare at him.
bob switches the channels.
and with that, the two lovebirds peel away.
charles moves forward, so the film is now partially being projected on him.
nathan turns to put the baby back in the crib.
a number of people get out.
she looks over her shoulder once, then whispers to him.
as she enters the house, women hold out buckets of smoking leaves.
they seem to be waiting for him to contribute to the conversation.
szpilman and henryk climb the stairs of the bridge, but as they reach the bridge itself henryk stumbles, sinks to his knees.
with his free hand, he reaches down and starts to pull her dress up.
it's cross -- he's worried about other things.
as it pulls to a halt and the footman opens the door, the wickhams emerge from the house, surrounded by lydia's sisters and parents.
he looks up again and tries to smile.
he releases the drill,
she heads toward the back.
she takes another sip as ken, the hotel manager, and several policemen enter behind sandy.
joe points to the mangled remains of the white pickup truck.
morgan picks up a pale blue radio receiver from beside him on the seat.
dark shapes bolt from the burning vehicles, scattering.
hichens turns the wheel quickly.
the apartment is now clean and neat.
mike reels, trying to cover his shock.
he and delmar stare at everett.
she stares ahead along the sidewalk.
the locket is engulfed in flames.
she leans forward her seat and reads the certificate out loud as malcolm tries to tickle her.
the queen arranges pens and a magnifying glass on the desk.
and climbs out of the hole.
in his state of extreme over-refreshment, he keels over and collapses on top of a fake cactus and a sack of presents.
lady catherine is holding court in her drawing room.
the man looks at david and slowly turns to face him.
malbin prepares an explosive.
harry's reflection shivers in the glass, but the man doesn't turn.
ben sits on rocks.
she runs down the steps.
as they kiss, jane looks mortified.
defiantly, minnie flushes the toilet.
tyeb mohammed suddenly touches gandhi's arm and nods ahead.
as they progress up the hill and the gradient increases, they struggle for hand holds.
he looks around, acting nonchalant.
mary goes out quickly, closing door behind her.
a man in a gray coat rides a lower escalator.
inigo, desperately pounding at the heavy door.
someone sits in front of a nude female, his hands on her waist.
as she pulls into a rain-drenched parking lot, an illuminated golden arches sign is reflected in the car's windscreen.
as she opens the door, light streams across jessica's face.
neighbors watch.
andy flips through some political articles she wrote for the university newspaper.
charlie and audrey rush to sandra's side, grabbing howard's arms.
he punches and kicks out wildly, deflecting shots, but a quaffle unseats him.
howard sprints toward her as sam grimaces with the effort of turning the wheel to avoid the little girl, whose mother screams at the side of the road.
she imitates his accent saying it.
we see wormtail and voldemort nearby.
she pours herself a drink.
don pockets it.
after a moment, he leaves the modest clapboard house.
the durmstrang students follow, shaking hands as they go.
uncle vernon turns the letter over and looks at the coat of arms on the back.
miserably she wanders home in her purple dress and yves saint laurent coat.
he tosses it onto the floor.
he leans against the wall.
sarah is sitting under the boat's canopy.
his book shows pulsing red dots.
grimsrud pants up the hill - slow going through the deep snow.
a beat, then edward rolls his eyes.
harry sees something shining in the distance and he moves towards it viktor tries to zap him but misses.
shrieking with rage!
the phone continues to ring and she continues to kiss him.
the room is deserted.
he still wears his bird make-up and under his street cloak, his feathered costume is clearly seen.
ben gets out of the car and runs into the office.
thelma runs to get the car.
hugh emerges from a room.
willie puts the report card down.
the snatchers race behind scabior, and make for the bridge.
a stream of office employees is coming out of an elevator; a second elevator reaches the lobby and some more office employees come out, among them neff, wearing his hat and carrying his briefcase.
rambo wipes rain away from his face.
fergus throws his eyes toward her again.
wormtail casts a spell and kills cedric.
juno parks her car and walks up to her house.
brandt nervously takes the dude by the elbow.
featuring two english court reporters.
the women in the queue jerk their heads.
he holds out her hand she takes it and pulls herself up.
he reaches full arm extension and drops the bar back onto the supports.
parrish smiles faintly, takes a deep breath, he strides out again, joe right with him.
he stands, hands on hips.
the man drops the gas nozzle and runs to the driver's side.
harry nods to neville.
the band beams, but delmar leans into everett, worried.
she gently touches the side of the stag's head.
he sucks on his straw.
smuts crosses the room toward a small cabinet.
he jerks it loose and lets go of the roof just in time before the dragon swipes at him.
behind him, a chest x-ray is mounted on a light panel.
struggling for supremacy, they claw at each other's faces as they zoom above the school.
bo and morgan are standing together at the top of the stairs.
we see his hand sketching; then, he holds up one finger.
wearing a suit, benjamin takes the lift down to the hotel lobby.
he captures the ball thrown from behind and dives over the line.
don looks after the doctor, then is fascinated by the coat lying beside him.
he turns sharply as the light comes on and looks at a blond woman in her 40s with her arms folded, wearing a disenchanted expression.
they set off arm and arm.
nick looks unsure.
jay just looks at her, amazed at the power he seems to have over this woman.
annie has a coat over the negligee.
a final photo shows him with his arm around his young daughter.
others start to panic.
uncle vernon, looks nervously at the sky.
seamus gapes as the headmistress passes.
a lake reflects the mountains and the sky.
the man at the fire sees ferris and frowns.
he strides to the elevator and presses the call button.
stopping, jack presses his finger to his mouth.
he gives her a warm, guarded smile.
debbie starts walking away.
ryan is laying on cushions on the floor.
something hangs overhead, looking down at the diner.
javert aims a pistol at him.
norman glares at henry balkan sitting directly opposite him.
standing with lizzy on the research, brock sniffs a cigar, then throws it into the water.
helen, sensing something amiss, looks from one brother to the other.
having heard everything, lizzie looks at darcy out the corner of her eye.
joe stands up.
in battle, gatsby leads a charge.
others show more buildings.
the mounted police converge on the truck.
rambo stoically leans on the tiller with both hands.
he grimaces towards jamal rushing down a flight of stairs.
david returns the kiss, enveloping elise in his arms.
the tv room is packed with staff.
he removes his cap and glances up at queenie as he strides towards the main building.
norman continues to gaze ahead into nothing.
nullah wakes up with a start.
the teller hits a button on the device and it starts ticking; she shoves it into the sack.
father, holding a silver-framed photograph, crosses to mother.
vogel and the nazi soldiers enter the room and spot the spiral staircase leading below.
he opens his wallet.
the sergeant-at-arms opens the door -- a moment -- and gandhi enters slowly.
as the elevator descends, the light flickers.
jules grabs the burger and take a bite of it.
he steps towards her.
he clicks the lighter and the flame springs up.
edgar flails, but she is beyond his reach.
a scuffle as szpilman tries to resist.
she rises on tip-toes and kisses him gently; his only reaction is to look at her.
closing the door as we consider her vacated.
little sister lily chases a paper bird flying up the platform.
rose and jack hurry into rose's bedroom.
hermione unlocks the door on the third floor.
ahead the mysterious blonde woman wings away, riding on the dude's rug like a sheik on a magic carpet.
jack, unsettled, watches him go.
at first don draws back, repelled, but the mouse is such a friendly, harmless creature that after a moment his face relaxes and he half smiles at it.
marge and shep face each other at the other end of the floor in a grimy and cluttered glassed-in cubicle.
count rugen, dragging westley up alongside the thing--levers and wheels and wires, you name it, it's there.
peter stares after mary jane in shock as the maitre d' sets the glasses down on the table and the waiter brings a champagne bucket.
he walks along the dimly lit driveway to his cottage.
frodo holds the ring in his hand.
transfixed, kate stands in the hallway, clutching her coat.
denethor nods to them: the servants approach the pyre, torches held firmly.
he lowers the inhaler so he can speak.
she looks down helplessly as sandman smashes his fist down on peter, whose hand hangs limply at his side.
she closes it quickly as she hears sam and norman coming out of the motel office, continues on down the porch.
once it passes marius sees two people in the street outside.
this jerk's yelling makes marsellus come to.
she opens it.
she grabs a napkin and starts rubbing his khakis.
close on carolyn, her eyes wide, listening to the rhythmic brush of lester's hand as he masturbates under the covers.
lit by flaming torchlight, he sees the ghost of nearly headless nick hanging stiffly in mid-air, and a boy, justin, lying petrified on the ground, his eyes wide open, his arms stuck out in front of him.
harry is looking at cho.
indy withstands the force of waves crashing on the deck and makes his way to where panama hat is climbing the ladder.
she opens the door and looks horrified.
again she turns around and glances back down the street.
suddenly horrified, thomas gags.
the surface of the water begins to bubble and light shines up from beneath the surface.
he flexes his wrists as if shooting out webs.
he stares for a beat as he finishes chewing, and them swallows and says.
they slowly walk over to george's old car and look at it silently.
the pool is covered with floating flower candles.
by the light of his wand, harry searches the long, dark passages between the shelves.
ghostly images of harry and hermione speak to ron.
michael cocks his gun.
walt's working under the sink in thao's kitchen.
she sways unsteadily, clutching her head.
when she pulls back.
on the street outside, sydney passes a leggy blonde in a green.
the waiter returns with the bottle of sherry and holds it out to eddie for his approval.
the sun is high and the train is stopped by the river.
she leaves the apartment and the slimy, black mass drops to the floor.
just in front of her, there are two rose bushes, each in its own brick line flower bed.
he runs after the bus.
harry looks at a framed photograph of his father with peter.
he shuts the window.
ben snaps his mobile shut and throws it down.
gandhi has remained seated, pensive.
he seems to fix each and everyone of his men with his eyes.
where he finds himself eye-to-eye with an enormous anaconda.
his ankles are bound to the chair legs by cable ties.
thompson straightens his fedora.
he stops suddenly as he sees mary, staring at her.
another screen of technical drawings, newspaper clippings about disasters, books on chemistry and microbiology, batteries, wiring and timing devices, and, pinned to the wall, blueprints and more clippings.
one writes, the other looks out the window.
the camera pulls back a little as lisa comes up, and places the box and viewer in his hand.
we see through the bedroom door.
ben comes out of the bedroom wearing polo shirt and jeans.
as the cart rattles into the small village of hobbiton.a quaint rustic settlement, nestled amongst rolling green hills and large trees.
octavius controls one of the mechanical arms.
walt puts his glasses down,
he fishes for his car keys, looks down.
keyes stops in the middle of the room and turns.
mike sees the boy with the remote.
in the background, soldiers are barbecuing steaks and drinking beer.
he writes fiery letters in the air with harry's wand.
brian and peter swap grins as thick-set dave mackay opens his front door.
the limbs watch octavius.
night watchman pulls lever, doors close and elevator rises.
he walks on, camera ahead of him again.
eddie puts away his cue.
jars shower over him; one crowns him and breaks, shedding guck, which he wipes from his eyes.
she hides in a doorway as the general and his bodyguard.
as suitcoats, shirts, vests, trousers, are flung into a pile.
mark answers the door, dressed in a t-shirt and jeans.
his eyes twinkle palely.
three beautiful women slink by.
other cars desperately veer to the side as taylor powers onward.
lois, her face set in pruney disapproval, flips slowly through a rack of furs.
peter runs across a street intersection and comes to a gateway leading into an alley.
he passes by.
he finds his way blocked by five nuns in large, white butterfly hats.
walking backwards, he turns sharply.
billie removes the lid, finding forest green tissue paper over the contents.
peter, smiling happily, slides down a thread of webbing with mary jane, unaware of the tendrils crawling up a nearby ridge like a huge black spider.
as he opens the car door, a pile of empties spill out.
harry looks up at the reptilian creature.
drover gallops through carney's men and cuts the rope holding up the gate at the end of the tunnel.
kurt uses his sleeve gloves to turn the light on in bobby's on-suite bathroom.
louise has been dancing with a quiet guy named dan.
the man lights a cigarette.
apair of half-moon spectacles lies on an open book.
she places some aromatic sticks into a bottle.
draco narrows his eyes and glares at hermione.
she hurls a pebble at skeeter.
szpilman tries to untie the string, but he's too terrified and can't manage it.
two singed scientists leave the building.
she pulls in at a gas station and waits as a black attendant cleans her windscreen.
they catch the faintest glimpse of themselves across the room just as they evaporate.
ed is sitting in the living room, bottle-feeding nathan jr.
the blinds in her room are down and the light is on inside.
barnes sees taylor speed off and gives chase on foot through a narrow pedestrian street, then onto the main road.
with a concerned expression, he rejoins his wife at the counter.
the seamen lower the collapsible.
a health inspector runs a comb through a man's dark hair and beard.
jenny suppresses her giggle.
mickey, gail, and the writer start walking down a corridor adjacent to the studio.
grimsrud's hollow eyes stare out.
the shooter gazes up from his sights, then stands and approaches the outlaw with the rest of the men following behind.
she struggles.
later, wearing the man's coat and carrying two churns, zus leads the way back through the woods.
the crewcut guy begins to stare at merrill closely.
debbie is at the gynecologist.
the climber looks at this right hand.
a second, then sir george takes the pen and signs angrily.
the photograph above them seems to smile.
tom grins as if he's won some kind of game.
morgan fetches a video.
cora stands watching them.
george helps with an animal charity.
in front of it is a fruit stand.
the ferry, churning into the sunset.
the young boy switches on the remote, and abby squirms.
icey goes away along path outside.
sidney looks down at the blanket.
he runs as voldemort apparates at the main staircase.
walt looks menacingly back at them.
he flails spider-man, who then manages to stick his feet to the side of the train.
including grandpierre sitting behind his desk, and reggie, sitting across from him.
the self-service elevator doors open, one or two passengers come out and dyle and scobie enter.
gandalf turns and looks out the window.
a blanket of snow lies over hogwarts.
he indicates the marauder's map.
cattle tumble into the abyss.
to his surprise, the dementors are floating harmlessly.
joe drives donnie's car back into town.
tom holds his hand up to the cop.
on the doormat is a gift bag.
she bursts into lizzie's room.
louise is used to it.
in the school canteen, the two girls eat their lunch in an empty school awards booth.
marley's still busy with the bone as the sun comes up, and through the day, until the big dog falls asleep on the floor.
as lenny roars past the back window he casually flips something in.
gandalf leads the fellowship into the huge dwarrowdelf chamber.
it ports to a stairway.
he turns his back to the mirror, revealing two horrifically open wounds running down between both shoulder blades.
mr. darcy bows to lizzie.
larry gets up and walks outside.
the vehicle hurtles out of the town.
a few of the tail-enders watching, some running clear of the police, some being beaten.
they both cast and their streams of magic meet.
eddie gropes through his pockets and comes up with a few crumpled bills.
ricky emerges from the house, followed by the colonel, who watches his son as he heads toward the burnham house.
goyle tries to extinguish the flames from the tip of his burning wand.
as they walk down the path, slughorn comes after them.
they are both quiet for a moment.
everybody's eyes are locked on the tv.
she carries a copy of the herald tribune, and still wears her hearing aid.
we follow a group of customers inside.
he peels off the clear tape holding the brown paper together.
john looks down.
he runs his fingers over his hairless skull.
she holds out the opened wallet as well.
bert appears at the bathroom door behind him.
in his mind, he sees the action about to unfold.
looking down on minas tirith, 1000 feet below, as pippin desperately scrambles up the rocky mountainside.
she takes her hand up to her cheek.
dr. brooks turns to an offscreen mickey.
now, on a ferry, passengers ride inside a covered seating area.
once air force personnel are distracted, jack helps himself to a jeep and drives off.
in the truck, the soldier in charge of the machine gun pivots to and fro in search of victims.
clutching harry's arm, parvati waves to her friends.
the boys reappear.
girls flock to aunt may.
aragorn leads legolas and gimli into a wide cavern.
abby stands underneath the tree.
they swim ashore.
lucius turns on his heel.
he pulls him up and removes the meat hook from his shoulder.
nervously, badly controlling her fear, she takes out the money-filled envelope, and then the important papers envelope, filled then a couple of other items, places them on the seat, finally finds her wallet, opens it, hands it to him.
tony exits the car and extends his hand.
joe kneels, picks one up.
they both drift off momentarily, contemplating their domestic problems, until the waitress comes over.
a bright light shines and a breeze blows through harry's hair.
henryk suddenly makes a lunge for him, grabs hold of him, a rough struggle takes place and during it mother and father appear at their bedroom door to watch, appalled.
they clink oyster and cracker.
kate chats to leah.
evan looks away from tommy's limp body.
fergus watches him puff the cigarette, the hood just above his lips.
a soldier detonates a bomb.
brad is seated behind his desk in his big corner office.
now, in an suv, he sings to his wife.
the principal wipes the sweat from his neck, then looks back at forrest.
slowly, he closes the door.
she struggles to free herself.
jackson drops his daughter lily's hat over a fence
the wound seals itself.
watson looks up from his bowl and frowns.
tom moves closer and puts his arm around daisy, who looks lost.
as he pulls himself up, a door bangs open.
as the band resumes playing, jack, rose, fabrizio, and tommy run past.
he trims the hedge.
when is dies out, we see just the glow of the cigar burning.
the sound of approaching planes fills the air.
they put their names into the goblet.
he drops it on the ground.
george tries to protect himself as best he can.
the lift reaches the bottom, a breaded man has been swithched over.
fergus goes back to his seat and drinks his tea.
sitting next to some grubby farmers, bored.
thenardier turns to his wife.
the gray-head old man opens his eyes and tries to focus.
they come out, look down.
he has a drag on the cigarette.
pete shrugs and gives a delighted smile.
neff is alone.
barnes swerves to avoid a collision and mounts the pavement.
in the competitors' tent, harry sits alone in nervous trepidation.
nullah waves to sarah, who stops at the end of the wharf.
she is thin and unattractive.
as his staff busy themselves clearing up the mess, gatsby stands on the terrace looking out across the bay.
she steps carefully toward her room, when.
they clink glasses and drink.
holmes, watson, sim, and the surviving gypsies run to the train and scramble into one of the boxcars.
bn and the boy lead the mercenaries through forest undergrowth.
sparks fly as its belly scrapes against the pavement and the sides of the tunnel.
he catches up with her as she runs through the great hall of the ministry of magic.
she really looks at it.
he sits next to her on the bed.
sitting in the passenger seat, the kid stares at him and smiles warmly.wille looks away from it.
the crowd is silent.
snape enters the upper platform.
he stands up and looks at it.
a powerful bright light hurls his attacker away.
zoe teaches nick some dance moves.
ryan looks up at her, frowning.
in the goblin lair at the osborne mansion several incarnations of the demonic green goblin mask are displayed on stands along with a number of high tech weapons and futuristic flying equipment.
windows are wide open and several fans are on.
the butler, henri, gestures towards the doors.
inside is adam.
he lets her go and moves toward the dinette.
carr pushes through the double glass doors and walks towards whip, who stands.
wick has twisted the string off the bottle.
grabbing a martini from a customer, peter swings across the room on a chandelier, puts his legs around the chair, and slides back across the dance floor, scattering customers.
irene adler is led to a table in the center of the restaurant and sits by a curtain, shielding her from a nearby table.
octavius opens his eyes and looks about him wearily.
jenny stands in the rain, hitchhiking.
he carelessly tracks his feet through a large glassy puddle and stops at the dock's edge, gazing toward the low sun.
the machine has wheels.
he stops, seeing szpilman.
emily walks up to him.
pete gives an earnest nod.
pippin is carefully laying out a small uniform of the royal guard on a bed.
the green goblin burst in and grabs the editor by the throat.
she nods.
gandalf welds his staff, cutting through the attacking orc with ease.
it lands harmlessly in some scattered straw.
the man nervously complies.
he walks out.
a woman who appears to have a fondness for earrings.
he glances at pyarelal, who only lowers his eyes.
peter, lost in mary jane's performance, is totally unaware of harry's malevolent stare.
their heads touch, side by side, the camera slowly starts to recede as we.
they sit with caroline in a park.
elaine holds on to the dashboard to keep her balance.
hearing singing, kate slows down as she nears the kitchen.
constanze, deeply embarrassed, sneaks into the room and seats herself at the back.
natalie stands at the back of the conference room, watching.
jenny and helen drink champagne.
apparently she is telling him a story and now and then she laughs, but there is no sound.
with an emphatic gesture and a sharp nod, gatsby opens the door to the house.
adrian frowns sadly as harry hangs up.
fergus gives her the gun.
harry opens the door of ollivanders.
he starts to throw the rest in, then hesitates and takes another bite.
thompson and his staff enter the reading room.
thelma looking sulky.
a woman joins the bank president.
she starts to weep.
smokie stares out of the car, and walt mimes shooting him.
charlotte shuts the door in her face.
she looks up at spider-man swinging by with barely fail resentment.
a large woman in a pink coat, blonde hair hanging over her shoulders, dragging a small boy by the hand, bangs into him.
jacob licks his lips.
sloane has pursued parrish and joe.
he illustrates according to his voice-over.
the headwaiter seats ilsa.
legolas races out of the woods, firing his bow.
the german policemen wander over to one of the stalls to buy fruit.
the waiter snaps it up.
wearing his black cloak, harry walks along a corridor, and sees ron and hermione talking together on an upper landing.
at the far end is the walled garden behind which lies valjean's house.
he carries cosette away.
frodo and sam stagger to their feet and move off.
kate arrives home.
he reaches into the cabinet and carefully removes an oval china platter, which he hands to jane.
the car reacts badly.
kate's smile fades and she looks disappointed, as zoe gets up and leaves the table.
he glances inside.and sees holly, her jacket flung over her shoulders, looking at some records.
irritated, walt gets up.
jude, fully dressed.
as they stand there, wide-eyed, staring at it, we.
spider-man swings from a lamp stand at in front of the burning building and leaps in through a window on the lowest of the floors, which is alight.
she twists the top of the hanger, unwinding the wire.
the rain has slowed down considerably.
tommy sets a beer in front of rose.
dazed.
lights on the pillars and small trees and bushes are dormant.
he looks as if he's on the verge of tears.
the whole town is there in celebration of its newest citizen, edward bloom.
he turns into a wide corridor and starts to walk along it as ron and hermione catch up with him.
everyone on stage looks lost, though they attempt to go on with the story for a while.
in the surveillance room, skip and ferris drive along a narrow street that opens out onto a market square.
abbie raises his fist as the crowd cheers wildly.
the stars and stripes flies on a pole outside walt's modest clapboard house.
lester watches all this from the window.
frodo is slumped on the ground, unable to move.
then the shape lifts bob up off the floor.
standing on the street, carl stares into the distance with a steely resolve.
she sits up.
rain comes down in sheets.
cormac smirks as he catches hermione's eye.
pretending not to do so, rick glances in ilsa's direction.
we follow his gaze all around the perimeter of the room until it connects with the drunken, glowering face of a hindustani troublemaker, sitting right across from him, startling willie for a moment.
short pause; then preacher appears.
ken watches as whip brushes his hair.
rohan has come.
in the corridor, a maid knocks at the room next door.
szpilman tries to appear as inconspicuous as possible.
wearing aviator shades, brian nods smiling.
the durmstrang students stride dramatically into the hall, wearing slavic, military-style uniforms.
lisa turns away from jeff's chair to get a cigarette from the table.
she rolls over and consults her watch on the bedside table.
with a sneer, his father pulls up his own shirt sleeve to reveal the dark mark tattoo on his arm.
one of them appears on the large screen.
kneeling beside her friend, hermione puts out a hand and pulls off the invisibility cloak.
he goes to do it again, but tuvia fists him in the groin.
lt. dan on the rigging, shouts and shakes his fist as he is pelted by wind and rain.
valjean then hears the unforgettable voice of javert behind him.
in the accompanying photo, the entire weasley family stands before the great pyramids, waving.
a dark haired girl of about six-years-old stands a little further down the path.
she follows alyssa's gaze.
lizzie closes her eyes in embarrassment.
peter combers out of the car and stands on the middle of the road.
as hagrid walks towards the school, a boy rushes out past him.
and tim sits back down at his desk.
a harp is playing by itself.
the driver ignores adrian and drives through the puddle smashing the boy and his boat.
she climbs into the carriage.
the blue flame turns red.
rick puts a cigarette in his mouth.
the dude has his ralph's shopper's club card to one side and is making out a check to ralph's for sixty-nine cents.
the men close in on latika who is still chasing the back of the train.
he spins around and answers the phone.
he shakes off the vision and clears his throat.
frodo steps forward and moves towards a stone plinth.
shell cottage faces a white beach with a sea beyond.
he speaks it trying only half successfully to keep the emotion from his voice.
there are five video monitors on a wall behind zed's desk, and on each monitor is another man in black, in different parts of the world, the city name and a clock ticking in a corner of the image.
as the waitress leaves.
edward moves just as mr. soggybottom fires.
the clerk turns away abruptly.
the dursleys are terrified.
he holds out his arm.
inside, the dancing is well under way, with smiling men and women in pastel gowns holding hands and going round in a circle.
it shatters.
on the men's side, father is on the upper bunk, henryk on the lower.
merry and pippin, overcome with terror, throw themselves flat on the ground.
later, up on the romantically lit rooftop, luke takes off his tuxedo and places it around rebecca's shoulders.
the screen shows a metal staircase next to a large white column.
raises himself against the train and uses his feet to shove against the sleepers as an attempt to decelerate.
after a moment, he gets up, taking care not to disturb carolyn, and walks toward the bathroom.
jenny grabs both his hands, and they spin wildly.
everyone turns to young aron.
he reaches out towards it.
it hangs close to the man in black.
the door opens and the two of them enter, thoroughly drenched.
on a third page, a gloomy nighttime drawing of a ufo firing two red laser beams into a wooden farmhouse, which is on fire.
the piano piece ends and the film is quiet.
malcolm watches with utter joy as cole becomes indistinguishable among of a group of twenty children giggling and enjoying themselves on stage.
she runs to a blue streetlight on the quad.
buttercup, and while his attention is on the dust cloud, rising high, she pushes him with all the strength she has.
he fits a large brass cog.
the manager of england is the most coveted job in the country.
indy wears a proud expression as he watches henry walk down the beach.
the gunman wrestles with his weapon.
the shape stands close to camera watching annie make popcorn.
the young man takes his aunt's hand in his and gently strokes it with his thumb.
as gandhi near the two stone blocks that hold the large barrels of soup, he sees that khan is serving from one of them.
ben drives a corvette sports car.
he lands on another roof and comes to a halt at the edge.
professor dumbledore winks and raises his golden goblet in salute.
drew is staring at joe, shaking his head.
he walks over to lee by the curtained windows.
aragorn gallops in front of his army.
he brings up google maps to show yellowstone on his laptop.
mark closes the front door with a wry smile.
using a cane for support, he strides into the bathroom and dumps the pills down the toilet.
he and keyes pass the legal looking men and follow norton into his office.
she shakes her head vigorously and looks down at her plate as everett continues pleading to her back.
6000 horsemen, lead by theoden and eomer, step up to the skyline.
pete spots his dad and walks away.
doyle stares after her, ignoring her remark, still not recovered from the fist sight of her attractiveness.
he walks over to the window and ilsa follows.
except for the servants, gandhi is the only indian male not in european clothes.
bert sips his milk.
the train lurches, begins to slow.
molly helps ruth into the boat.
the ayah closes the door and we hear their chatter at they go down the hall.
the guy, cal, glanced at the woman, emily, who's studying the menu intently.
he leans in for a kiss and she pushes him away.
sitting at the bar, chatting with locals.
the agent looks away, shifting his anxious gaze.
on the platform, the whispered politics go on.
zoe, wearing a red woolen hat and multicolored scarf, gives a brief nod then looks away.
walter takes out a gun.
drink in hand, nick stands on the terrace looking out into the darkness.
above them, the cab plummets towards mary jane.
evan steps out of the shadows.
sam desperately reaches for him.
they pull up beside an illuminated sign announcing the wedding reception.
elijah's eyes pierce through the shaken man.
close up of his front wheel shaking.
a car drives by; a pedestrian passes holding an umbrella.
he looks up thoughtfully, then stands.
we are fading in on a shelf in the kid's bedroom where the stuffed elephant sits, in a place of honor, its fur indeed stiff and stained with dried blood.
can't take her eyes away.
they fall into each other's arms.
balloons decorate the dining room of their duplex.
standing on a raised platform is a large pipe organ.
looking around, holmes spots a bullet hole in a wall.
howard's camera pans to take in barnes looking upward and speaking into his cuff mic.
the women start to take off their overalls and pack up their tools for the day.
the theater is packed.
he looks back at elsa and enters.
evan, beaten and bloody, reaches out with his last bit of strength, grabs tommy's foot and holds on.
malfoy throws harry an animated cartoon of harry being hit on the head in a quidditch match.
juno's face continues to fall.
where he goes to his desk and finds a thick envelope with a foreign postmark on it.
the stairs continue up.
suddenly charles is there, red-faced -- he hands joe pages.
as willie drags him to the sink and runs water over the cut, the kid takes great gulping breaths and finally manages to say.
his face is flushed and angry as he goes toward the bedroom.
nick turns to go.
fergus hears a wail of catcalls behind him.
pleasant lies back out of benjamin's sight.
they all turn to gawk.
in the shower room, brian stands in the chest-high plunge bath, scrubbing the white tiles with a coarse brush.
in the plaza, sam sees veronica take the bag from enrique.
viktor comes along and sees she's unconscious on the ground, he walks on.
but he knows what he must do.
balled up on the back of his neck, he peers out the window as they tear through the tunnel, zooming over the bottlenecked traffic underneath.
he speaks in spanish, which is subtitled.
neff gets up from the davenport.
rose takes his hand and steps up into the passenger compartment.
various shots: edward negotiates the thorns in his bare feet.
forrest sits on the swing as the grunts continue.
joy looks at abby.
he starts tapping his pockets for a match, as usual.
flickering its tongue, it slithers down onto a narrow path and moves silently between the gravestones in a dark and overgrown cemetery.
both men are impressed.
the security guards drag the collector away.
his jaw drops in astonishment.
it's an old, late twenties plymouth sedan.
steadying itself, the car flies high over the tops of the tall trees.
moody winks at harry as the ferret emerges from crabbe's trouser leg.
rick leaves the gambling room and goes into the main room.
both crying, kate kisses zoe's cheek and gently wipes away her tears.
he shows her the tablet.
kate throws it to the floor and stamps out the flames.
rick pours himself a drink.
both men start off.
she looks at them inquiringly.
andrea, meanwhile, speaks into the phone as she pours lucky charms into a cereal bowl for evan.
mr. slagle, a hard-faced man in a sharp suit, has arrived with his associates.
now in the main office, bobby looks over at kurt and gives him the finger as he smooches with one of the women.
cole chuckles and then starts laughing as the group of eight-year-olds try unsuccessfully to keep him up.
klaatu scoops some of the fatty flesh from the sample jar.
nine rings clutched tightly by the kings of men.as if holding-close a precious secret.
graham waits for a reply, but none comes.
amidst a hall of shimmering dust and heat, parched and drying groves, narrower roads.
drover strokes the lad's hair as he plays.
a view of the outlying cityscape flushes golden as morning light comes to bear from a break in the clouds.
parrish disappears into his office.
he swings out, lands, and scrambles to his sword and we.
his arrow has a line attached.
they apparate in a dark and gloomy street by gringott's bank.
he squirms and looks uncomfortable.
marius hears this with shock.
carter, the bank examiner, a newspaper reporter and photographer, and a sheriff, are waiting in the hall for george.
he hits his head with the medicine bottle.
a bomb explodes just outside the window.
he clears his throat.
then, she turns around and rushes over to mike.
they gallop after him, catching him up.
a squawking baby attached to his umbilical cord.
she has now removed her shirt.
he tenderly massages her left shoulder.
meanwhile, her family hangs streamers, sets out presents and puts candles shaped like the number 38 on a cake.
he spots the slytherin team.
crewmen walk dogs on leashes.
he turns to carry it's into the apartment.
she laughs pleasantly.
she looks down at the magazine again.
they come to a halt.
she reacts, smiling but embarrassed.
she's wearing nothing but lacy knickers, stockings, and suspenders beneath an open lab coat.
she struggles and whimpers.
he parks out outside aunt may's apartment,
whip looks firmly at ellen.
he takes a large cake box from his pocket.
mozart is conducting with happy excitement.
the turk stops -- only one step away from the beheaded soldier.
joseph places the chain around his neck.
beamen's daughter jenny (8) hides behind her father, peering around to look at the handsome stranger.
he tilts his head and looks under the bed.
constantine sees her going to the door.
she puts down the raincoat and the scarf and goes to the kitchen for a glass.
embarrassed, jenny avoids eye contact.
he hangs up before thorwald can reply.
the old woman turns to him slightly, still not facing him.
the dude undoes the tape with his fingernails and starts to unroll the inner package.
thelma comes and sits beside her.
he hands one to baby face and joins him at the barroom windows.
goblins take cover.
to fantine, it's as if he's come to her in a dream - .
evan's eyes suddenly roll back in his head.
john switches off the garage light and goes back into the house.
andy walks through the editorial department and passes nigel's office, which has a glass wall.
lt. dan pulls forrest to the floor, and holds forrest down.
the ss men pouring into the building opposite.
naked dolls are clustered on the mantelpiece.
he rushes out onto the balcony and sees: indy running along the tracks, turning up a street of modest clapboard houses.
the woman takes a purse and walks out of the room as the man picks up a cell phone.
climbing ropes hang from the wood beamed ceiling.
lisa, stretched out on the divan.
evelyn is wearing jeans that are lathered white on the inside of the thighs and laced with brown horsehair.
it hits him in the forehead with a thud, the scalding coffee splashing everywhere.
she applies a peachy-colored lipstick to her lips,
everett is stunned.
salim and jamal questioned two women who direct the boys to an entrance down the busy corridor.
he clings to the side of a boxcar, as halfbreed and rough rider leap from the truck onto the train.
patrick glumly follows his mother as john continues to search outside.
after a beat, lester's jaw drops, then he throws his head back.
he slips on the sunglasses.
she slowly climbs down.
two opposing players collide.
gittes takes a deep breath.
his head flops back as he's lifted off the table.
thao watches the exchange of gestures.
we are looking at a big, fuzzy, smiling, pink stuffed elephant.
she walks out of the bathroom to ask butch a question, only to find him sound asleep in bed.
she takes his hand.
hagrid lifts harry down.
he stands brooding.
on the flight, ryan hands natalie an american airlines priority access application form and a pen.
lizzie looks at her sister.
carl and allison skate down the winding road on their bellies.
he comes back for the fishbowl.
as she approaches, he looks up into her eyes.
he kicks open the door.
jeff lowers the binoculars and there is an expression of exasperation on his face.
they watch desi swim with charlotte.
ron waves his wand.
a man aboard the helicopter hands a fishbowl to brock.
she stands there with her breasts exposed, trying to look defiant, but she's achingly vulnerable.
there is a bright flash and darkness returns, a single thread of light all that remains, spinning down to the size of a pearl.
he places a screwdriver into the exposed lock assembly and hits it with a sledgehammer.
jay tries to explain.
anomalous-growing dark cloud fills it.
he stands up and begins to pace behind hannah.
dumbledore holds out his arm.
mj in a waitress outfit walks out of the moon dance diner, putting on her coat.
they form a group hug.
he drops back into the building.
she goes to see miss stubs.
he slips the key into the lock.
don takes the coat, feels it hurriedly to make sure the bottle is still there, and starts away.
suddenly, the lights flick on, revealing the glorious interior of the convenience store.
harry and ginny stand facing the gryffindor triallists.
suddenly, it turns and hurtles back towards them.
sim kills the corsac by throwing a knife into his chest.
moody stands in the doorway behind him.
the oncoming lights are fewer.
evelle, beaming, looks up from the baby to gale.
flat, golden, dusty earth dotted with small bushes stretches for miles.
the dog moves closer to the fire escape, slowly, the husband pulling the rope in hand over hand.
miranda takes in andy's outfit and then continues her call.
she opens the door of the cab and, before getting in, turns to look at him once more.
jenny turns and walks up the stairs.
they remain embraced.
everyone freezes, staring at gale and evelle.
as don picks up the cake of soap, he watches the attendant get a polishing rag and bend down to dust off his shoes.
miss brant chucks peter's chin and strolls away.
he turns back to the cash register when he notices an open telegram on the shelf.
when the basket reaches the fire escape, the camera pans on to the apartment of miss torso.
meanwhile, a street band begins to play a waltz.
al-saleem watches the report.
the two men, finished teasing, begin to duel in earnest.
ilsa smiles back at him, but her eyes are still troubled.
the figure of a man carries what seems to be a body across the wallace's back yard.
eaching to the deck, murdoch rushes to a stairwell and stares down the churning water.
the little hair he has is close shaved, leaving just a dark shadow.
she looks in through the open, front passenger window.
the creator flies from the underpass.
an officer quickly enters.
the entrance to the aisle is glowing.
now, in a marble hearing room, a square jawed man faces a committee.
one of the limbs secures a hold.
she stares blankly.
they pass under the awning of the neighborhood's elegant parisien restaurant.
he advances a step.
szpilman reaches the back of the crowd.
an elderly resident wedges his walking stick between benjamin's wooden spokes, stopping him.
they find carl collapsed on the ground, his eyes closed.
thao opens his door to walt.
members of the foreign legion, distinguished by their kepis.
john looks to pearl and we pan her in as preacher's hand named love moves through her locks.
keyes stays right where he is.
don turns the check over.
ken turns to the nurse.
a strange man stands in the doorway, he casts some magic upwards and seals the roof.
she walks over to a nearby china cabinet.
with new strength don gets to his feet, nervous laughter shaking him.
they block the passages.
drilled by hi's bullet, drops its knife.
alison looks him in the eye.
aerial shot: 3 more ringwraiths enter frame from different directions.a total of 9 ringwraiths now pursuing frodo and arwen!
the rain is still falling around them.
he is examining the broken end carefully.
salieri enters the private quarters of amadeus.
gwen waves at peter as she walks away.
he drags at his bindings.
he brings his fists, containing her hands, up to the side of her face.
dr. campbell comes running out, all excited.
his arms quiver, and his head trembles as he lowers the bar to his chest and pushes it up again.
later, he sits at his desk and flicks through the dried out pages.
in the garden below, he sees lizzie.
she sits up suddenly, clutching her stomach.
outside a hotel room with alex, ryan tries one of his cards in the door slot.
returning his attention to the front, he notices a blood stain on gray's check shirt.
mike looks over to see -- on the tv -- live footage from the balloon fiesta.
roscoe reaches in and takes it from fedora, then runs out the door.
he too wears a prison uniform and there is a bandage on his head.
harry catches ron's eye.
later, debbie ducks down in her car as she smokes a cigarette.
sarah is asleep in bed, moonlight filtering through the curtains.
the young man holds the door for susan as they step out onto the street.
she pins it to the guardrail.
gandhi harrumphs -- gesturing to a shallow box singh holds.
rambo walks up the gangplank.
graham hess looks around in a daze as he walks out into the center.
he goes on tearing the pages determinedly.
he takes a deep breath and starts to lower his head under the slanted table.
the shaggy blond dog does what he's told.
valjean in a courtyard sees the other uniformed horseman who accompanies javert.
jamal takes the note and turns it over.
the newspaper starts to burn.
the director approaches the host.
he clumsily turns around; she bumps against the stereo unit.
inside, sandy stirs his coffee while the skiptracer pulls diana from the car.
octavius lays the bound figure down.
she enters one such luxury store.
zus comes up behind him and shoves him playfully.
valjean watches him go, then leans on his desk.
the dark interior of the car has swallowed him up.
harry unties the rope around ron's ankle.
she's trying to be strong.
the big dog sits calmly and watches as a young couple kiss and cuddle on the sand.
they pass several howitzers, which stand, ready to be shipped out of the factory.
he nods approval to abdul.
as he shakes it off, she turns to the other officer.
sidney catches up with him outside the meeting.
thomas bounds out of the house, cradling the baby, which is wrapped in a blanket.
dil dressed in the soldier's cricket clothes.
sucking on his beer, willie paces the periphery of the room, methodically knocking painting after painting off the walls.
mr. braddock is hamming it up.
lying in bed he's awakened by the same sound.
sophie, elena and sydney get out and head down the red carpet towards the entrance.
she takes a few seconds to recognize him.
she smiles as he moves towards her then they embrace each other tightly.
meanwhile, on the ground floor, watson is still playing cards.
a faint, hopeful smile spreads across gatsby's lips as he climbs up the steps at the side of the pool.
valjean sees a low door and yanks it open.
bert replaces the billfold in his coat pocket.
dumbledore appears out of a fireplace.
on the way he bumps into joseph and his mom.
fleet rings the lookout bell three times and grabs a telephone, which rings on the bridge.
at the holbrooks', hilly is checking her watch.
harry tosses him the sword.
benjamin eavesdrops on a conversation.
he stares at the sign, then opens the van.
she stares ahead, stony-faced.
standing is hard for heartsick louis, his legs so hurt -- suddenly jack is there, acting the role of air force.
he opens the trunk, pulls out a large can of gasoline.
valjean, utterly bewildered, takes the silver candlesticks.
the physician's words fade away as elijah continues to gaze at an abstract point in the room.
they run through it.
a dark haired russian sits down at his table.
she looks at ron.
an evening sky, the clouds are tinged red by the setting sun.
harry is pacing nervously.
dillinger glares into his side mirror, then gets out of the car.
the massive train wreck that goes on for a mile.
flint takes him away to the park of a train.
they slash at peter who desperately tries to swing out of their way.
the cover indicates that it is swiss.
he sees thao with a torch beside the gran torino.
arkady glances round at the fearful expressions of the rest of the people.
the man takes one, mouthing his thanks, as the camera travels past the open bookshelf, past two boys in suits who are drinking soda and munching, to reveal lee.
cu, christ staring from the cross.
berger walks up to their table.
cousin tilly's face fills the screen as she cries.
elliot, uneasy, glances up in the direction of frederick's loft.
snape studies harry's face.
hannah, embarrassed, makes a victory sign.
his mouth curled in a snarl, ron storms out.
a vast array of chalices is displayed on the altar of this small temple.
she smiles at a proud-looking gray and white great dane in her path.
an arts section feature shows photos of elise, one dancing, the other with a bow.
she takes out two apples decorated with paper turkey heads and tails and hands them to april.
bert opens the door of the cab and puts george's suitcase inside.
she gingerly picks up the fork and takes a mouthful.
she turns onto her back and opens her eyes sleepily.
wearing only a bra and knickers, daisy stands with her back to benjamin, who's propped up in bed.
he comes to a stop with a lamp post, which crashes onto a passerby.
he has cropped, sandy hair and acne.
maid goes off the other way.
willa touches preacher's hand, warmly.
there is a squeal of tires as ben almost drives off the road.
forrest looks at the book.
he looks up at the patch of light above his head and with the last desperate effort, raises his wand.
she smiles to herself, and as she walks on down the long, narrow road dappled with sunlight, flanked by tall trees and neat green verges, she has a spring in her step.
violet bick enters the drugstore and sits on one of the stools at the fountain.
he points at it.
fabrizio waves his hand in front of jack's face.
she quickly takes off her blouse and blue jeans.
he strips off his shirt and vest.
sean reaches his car and enters it.
azad shakes his head.
they loom over the boats with power and majesty.
he glances up at the receptionist, then walks back towards the janitor's cupboard he emerged from.
they run out, onto a raised walkway and down steps towards the lights of the boat house.
a huge smile crosses his face and he spreads his arms wide.
she gives him a kiss on the cheek.
dante is bewildered.
she gets up and gets off the bus.
mulvihill pulling his coat down and pinning his arms, holding him tightly.
javier's brother, the man from veronica's phone, sits against a white pillow with gaffer tape over his mouth.
in his office, pete sits at his desk glowering.
he looks at ed, who is motioning to gale and evelle with her eyes.
from downstairs comes the barking of mrs. deveridge's dog.
he pulls out don's typewriter.
rebecca, her long, red hair loose around her shoulders and wearing a stylish tartan cape, comes down a fashionable shopping street.
king george keeps watch from the top of the cliffs.
cal hangs up, still watching her from the garden.
benjamin slugs his whiskey.
sandy quickly approaches.sandy puts in a code and opens the locker.
laurie leaps away from the door and circles around the bed.
now he emerges in a reception area.
looking up into her dad's jowly face, looking at her with fierce deep love, rebecca smiles.
eyes closed, he writhes as he listens to bert.
he opens his eyes and sits up.
cary unzips his bag.
arwen shuts her eyes.
dillinger notices his young hostage shivering.
gabriel knocks over his hand and the flare goes off in the car.
the young man follows mary in, closes the door.
mary looks after him, puzzled and concerned, then comes over to pete.
he smiles at harry, picks up his bag and walking stick, and leaves.
and the water spills over the side of the tub.
the house is full.
but he embraces her, and elsa begins to nibble at his ear.
sarah emerges from a neighborhood grocery store loaded down with a cheese doodles carton full of food.
at night, as the community sleeps, one man stands guard.
ryan steps back, puts his hands in the pockets of his long black coat and tries to act casual.
burton gets out and draws his gun.
miss fuller whisks up the sheet, exposing them.
kissing her hand, jack slips a note to rose.
he's about to toss a file when he stops.
forrest looks at the elderly woman.
still craning down, now very close to the sleeping hi.
a strand of hair falls onto hermione's coat.
he spins back around.
peter flaws harry with a final blow and walks away.
and he pushes his long knife harder against buttercup's unprotected throat.
through the hole we look into mary's cabin, see mary undressing.
a priest is down at the wharf.
at the telephone exchange, baum stands with a listening piece to his ear and a hand-held mike at his lips.
doc suited lawrence leads him into a private office.
indy walks briskly toward the street; smiling, enjoying his freedom.
but she's far gone -- louis' mind races -- he runs to his buick -- starts it up -- pulls out fast and goes after her.
something occurs to watson.
watches as his uncle makes a left turn out of sight.
graham puts both hands on the sill and leans in with an inquisitive frown.
corina finishes her song, and the crowd applauds quite enthusiastically.
a little grin, but his mood remains pensive -- and remote.
he treads barefoot and wearily across the frost-covered ice until he reaches the hole.
the german captain's boots echo.
jamal remains rooted to the spot.
elsewhere, murdoch and several seamen load a small boat
half-stripped, will takes the phone.
hugh turns and walks away.
they look up as hi rushes by.
she returns to her apartment, where a woman in her 60s waits on the sofa.
diana starts to go, then turns back.
he turns to his cronies.
halfway up he stops and looks down.
daisy lies in bed with the young man.
just as herman comes through the front door, still playing the trumpet.
bo looks at him through wide bright eyes.
mrs. harding and her two young daughters looking.
his gaze pours over her face.
aibileen sits with mae mobley on her lap, sheltering under an upturned mattress.
his mouth moves as he calculates the discs and the cans.
the light from the wand glows even more strongly, forming a bright protective shield which spreads to the other side of the lake.
they too start up the stairs.
he uses his wand to release the little girl.
juno marches up to him, belly leading the way.
carrying a jar of peanuts, dale sneaks through harken's house.
it drops.
andy falters in the foyer as there are three closet doors to choose from.
grinning with embarrassed delight, john scoops up connor as his two boys run forward to greet him.
holmes relaxes a little, as watson examines his foot.
as she tries to help him again, pete sits up and kisses her.
a husky bearded man in a cowboy hat notices her.
he reflects on veronica's assignation.
on the way to the bar we pass several tables and hear a babel of foreign tongues.
helen looks unimpressed and sleepy.
nat has come up with the bar towel to wipe off the wet ring left by the glass.
lt. dan opens another big catch.
crowds mob the offices of the new jersey transport police.
in the sprawling suburbs, the streets grow dark and the lights go on in the rows of houses.
the camera cranes down, revealing the feather as it lies at forrest's feet.
these belong to james edwards, a nyc cop in undercover street clothes.
in the middle of the room is a gigantic dog with three enormous heads and three sets of sharp, glistening teeth.
zoe gives a brief nod, and looks away from her aunt.
peter goes, unsteady on his feet, to the window and looks out.
a flock of birds takes off en masse.
gandhi turns, looks at him bleakly.
later, debbie snakes side-to-side behind the younger woman.
indy hits him, knocking him onto the tank tread.
he looks around, a little surprised, a little affected by the demonstration.
jules is behind the wheel.
the boys clamber across a rubbish tip, up over corrugated rooftops and down into the narrow alleyways of their slum.
chili sits behind the desk, watching the two of them come into the office.
harry draws his wand.
jack, rose, and the two men peer over the railing at the iceberg, now behind the ship.
a distant cry of a ringwraith carries through the air.
emily is drying up in her kitchen.
evan turns away, utterly heartbroken.
they step up into the waiting carriage, well wishers surrounding them on every side.
david opens the door for her.
this is too much for merry.
they take hold of it.
pete tries again as she reaches into their laundry basket.
just at the moment percy spins around her, shielding her from the spray, which hits him in the back.
a woman is hit.
he looks from gandhi to the miners.
he disappears through the wall followed by his identical twin brother.
draco backs away, turns, and harry's out.
the white woman sits closer to forrest.
he and daisy go inside.
a huge fiery letter w appears in the sky.
marisol holds her hands up.
ben puts emily's phone on the bed, draws up a chair and sits at her bedside.
wearing his invisibility cloak, he climbs a wooden staircase.
the queen looks them up and down as they depart.
he gives a faint shrug.
brian makes to follow bremner into the dressing room, but has the door slammed in his face.
holmes reaches inside his jacket and takes out the letter.
indy loses his grip and now hangs from the gun suspended only by the strap of his leather pouch.
andy puts down her glass.
preacher makes a lunge across john for the doll; john ducking under his arm, pulls pearl forward with his left hand; he turns backwards and with his free hand, in one movement, knocks over the candle and pulls out the support on the shelf.
cedric runs up and kicks the wand out of viktor's hand.
with his mouth forming an o around his dropping cigar, pappy looks sadly from one to the other, like a spectator at a particularly boring tennis match.
outside he finds only a wealthy couple and uniformed doorman.
his head is plunged back into the toilet.
david's shadow grows larger on the wall at the top of the stairs as he climbs them.
then she squeezes back, moving to the sideboard against which leans a small table on an adjustable stand.
oliver leaves past debbie.
she reaches back into her bag, removes a piece of candy, puts it into her mouth and leans her head back against the wall, closing her eyes.
darcy turns and spots mrs. bennet holding court over tea and cake, not bothering to hide her contempt for him.
skeeter's attention is drawn to the voice on the tv.
he kills the lights and removes his seat belt.
the beam points up at the basement ceiling above .
the black woman stares at forrest as he looks down at his own shoes.
he takes a sip of a freshly-mixed white russian, which leaves milk on his mustache.
a pretty coed puts a note on the desk.
a door opens across the room.
he walks steadily across the lawn to where the alsatian is chained to its kennel.
and suddenly on the poster board pinned to the closet, there she is: alice, from the night of the train crash.
ben passes them as he strides towards the reception window, which is open, and shows irs id.
she snaps the bag shut.
sarah looks up just as two of the soldiers grab her by the arms.
she says very slowly and sleepily.
a group of men restrain drover from walking into the blaze.
to moody blue sky with tarring white and gold clouds.
the bat has made another swoop and spread its wings over the mouse.
mickey walks off, the hare krishnas still dancing and singing on the other side of the fence.
on a residential street, ferris and skip get out of an suv.
casey feels her friend's pain as jane hurries out of the restaurant.
the owner bends down to examine the trunk of the tree, then straightens up and smells george's breath.
now, a laptop shows a young graham parker performing in his heyday.
video footage shows the ground completely covered with flowers.
taking her ashtray, eddie rises, runs his hand through her hair for a moment, and then carries off the ashtray and empties it in the garbage bag.
the goblin guide runs a long shaft fingernail down the center of the locking mechanism on the door of vault 713.
people are crowded into the rooms: family, friends, neighbors.
ben freezes just inside the door.
a superintendent holding a ring of keys.
then shuts the door.
and ramdas runs to him and gandhi bends to kiss him as ramdas put his arms around his neck.
dreamily, and methodically, she is brushing her long copper- colored hair.
he reaches a door with a metal bar across it.
at the belasco, the band sits at a table while roadies clear the stage.
bilbo unwraps a small shirt of close woven mail.
merrill also gazes out at the young man.
they both just sit there for a moment.
putting the cigarette out, she uncovers her hair, removes the glove and pops gum in her mouth.
trapped under his trainer is a piece from the chandelier.
windows shatter -- charles and cary -- seatbelts removed -- land on joe and martin!
he finishes shaving and opens his pocket watch, eying billie's photo and the time.
again she glances about.
he hugs her and hangs on, leaving nicki and chili standing there like idiots.
standing, she backs him into the counter and throws him over a chair.
sitting in a lifeboat beside molly, ruth closes her eyes.
we track past her towards the jacuzzi area.
she gets up.
school boy shoots one of them.
morgan's eyes reveal he's come to some answer.
debbie covers sadie's mouth.
purvis stands with his back to the torture session.
everyone ducks as she swings round with the gun.
he gets up and looks around.
malcolm is very still and stares at cole.
don's eyes fall on the bottle and the glass by the big chair.
madam sim lights a match from a candle.
with a last look at the room, he walks into the bathroom.
she seats herself at her mirror and removes her wig.
forrest's butt sticks up and is bandaged.
harry walks towards dumbledore's desk.
flitwick is outside.
powered by a small propeller, duncan glides past the door.
his wife, the red faced farmer, and the big farmer are there, along with the dog.
he looks around in all directions, looking for some sign of reggie.
we see the place has been ransacked.
we tilt slowly up her height.
he plummets down and crashes heavily to the ground.
allison's transfixed as carl does another donut.
as she frantically beats out the matches, her eyes on her work.
edward braces himself, fists ready for a fight, if that's what it's going to take.
gittes drives more slowly.
maricol looks at the attendant and holds her finger up to her lips.
the telephone starts to ring, gail pauses, looking offscreen.
he sinks to the floor and david tightens his grip yanking against the man's neck.
the desk clerk looks up.
an extremely attractive young woman glides through the proceedings.
now mr. hurst is fast asleep in a chair.
jack stands up straight and places his own arm behind his back.
they walk out past a car rental office.
kitty still sobbing.
for the first time he is truly angry.
there stands cosette, waiting for him.
hermione appears looking delightful in a sleeveless red dress.
the trio stops, fighting their tears.
helen comes back into the room, staring at don.
a mechanism turns.
her arms are filled with the hotel soaps, shampoos, etc.
he walks over and stands beside rick.
he walks up and down behind his desk thinking hard.
a few, small clouds float in the clear sky above miami, set against the deep, blue ocean.
they quickly hurry over to greet it.
stanley cunningham moves between two curtains and comes to a prop room door in the back.
tom squints at the green light, which flashes at the top of wooden posts.
his eyes are fixated on the door on the other side of the room.
a crowd of people are watching the police, who are raiding the place, and dragging out a number of screaming women, whom they throw into a patrol wagon.
the sad-faced woman is crestfallen.
natalie looks down at a list of 40 names.
gimli and legolas enter the room.
she watches him while he slowly drinks the entire glass, thirstier than he imagined.
carl high-fives him.
he glances up, then down to the number's origin.
he turns away from her.
he turns back to find valjean and cosette gone.
cu of bleeker applying runner's glide.
the blast is deafening.
trish lies on her back and gazes up at the ceiling.
she reaches for the phone.
the silvery sun filters down through the storm clouds turning the waters of a vast lake below them to a steely gray.
aibileen picks up the cord that minnie is trailing behind her.
sandy pulls up beside the van again.
like a doomed man, george approaches the house.
hi's other hand enters to rest on top of hers.
a slight smile is playing across lizzie's lips.
the blast is deafening!
she leaps to her feet.
the hubub on the patio quiets as the three of them then walk up to the maitre d'.
uncle billy and george are retracing the former's steps through the snow, looking everywhere for the missing money.
she puts the note up on the door.
ben turns and walks down the hall.
benjamin's legs dangle over the end of the bed as he plays with a digital clock.
she takes an envelope out of the gift back and goes back inside.
still sat in his chair, brooding introspectively, brian glances over at the tv crew who wander out of the cavernous studio as the lights go out.
peter strikes the bells to make them ring then grabs a pumpkin bomb.
the crowd sheepishly exits, one by one, offering apologetic glances.
he runs to the alarm console and turns it off with two seconds to spare.
forrest carries tex out of the jungle and into the clearing.
realizing her defeat, abby sighs.
as his gaze reaches don's pajama trousers and canvas slippers.
close on a single, dewy american beauty rose.
david heads back to emily's office.
with a knowing smile hilly command elizabeth to budge up.
soon others are joining in, dumbledore and mcgonagall, mr filch and his cat, hagrid and madame maxime.
more people come in.
they grapple for it.
the contents spill out and the remote for her vibrating underwear rolls away, stopping under the table.
barnes sees the man in the checked shirt pointing his camera at the upper floors behind him to where barnes saw the fluttering curtain.
the old man speaks passionately to the priest.
the mirror reflects an empty room.
they float down on the guests as they relax in a lounge with cushions on the floor.
he holds up a small packet that lists the partners with substantial bonuses by their names.
camera tracks down beneath the bridge to the dark waters catching a stealthy movement.
with her free hand, she grasps a long pipe running along the ceiling, propelling herself down the hallway.
alice turns around and sees the creature.
asael is intently looking at the blond teenager.
they turn, then run down more stairs.
mr. harkin points -- joe turns to look -- we pan: the distant.
she closes her eyes in relief.
having just pulled the cover over the car, he stares at ashley incredulously,
all the others have been dressed in european clothes.
jinnah is on the small balcony of this elaborate room.
the sun rises over the snow-covered village of hogsmeade.
he pokes around the straw with his finger; nothing else inside.
the policemen bundle jamal into a waiting vehicle.
he's wearing shorts and a singlet with potter written on the back.
it is dusk.
at the dance show, one of the soldiers pulls on a cigarette, stands and throws the butt at the dancing girls.
the queen is stirred by the applause from outside the abbey.
he lays the ticket on the bar.
he tightens his embrace and closes his eyes.
then he puts the light down.
he blinks,
harry shakes his head, looks around the restaurant.
he blinks.
but, with a curt bow, darcy is gone, much to mrs. bennet's annoyance.
still bent over the flowerbed, peter glances over at brian then carries on weeding.
on a river, the boat passes a small canoe, in which there are two men and a small boy.
horace wears pajamas made from upholstery fabric.
sam is sobbing.
still confused.
in the car, as red drives, dillinger looks back at pete.
harry follows the figure, hurrying through the trees towards the moonlit lake.
he stands on the dance floor in front of a five piece latin dance band, a spotlight on him, wearing his professional smile as he speaks into a mike.
as he talks, the camera moves closer and closer to his face.
edward looks down at his muddy, bloody feet.
at his command, ames comes to life.
indy rushes past brody to a cordon held in place by a brass stand underneath the stained-glass window.
the shape lunges out at her.
he reaches for food.
cole reads the labels carefully before moving towards the closets.
the dagger vanishes with them.
led by the bowling ball, he zooms past the camera leaving us in black.
hi looks up the road.
don turns to her.
indy whips out the grail diary and opens it to the sketch he noticed in the airplane.
the train steams across vast, brown landscape, illuminated by the evening sun.
the beam of light turns off when the flashlight hits the ground.
a jagged, rocky coastline.
she dances in her seat.
he buries his head on gandhi's hand, clutching it to him.
gandalf hurries about, lighting fireworks with a blue spark that dances magically from his staff.
a guard follows, closes a prison door, and locks it.
they look out again.
krum strides past wearing a singlet, followed by a group of giggling girls.
the figure is a slight man in his 30's, blood streaks the right side of his face.
a world of experience now separates from their fellow hobbits.
nehru lifts his head.
emily is sitting at the table.
lester holds the bottle up to her mouth and she drinks clumsily.
the shock waves wrinkle across the open space between them and the ship, then it hits the ship -- -- and it too is sucked back down.
a bunch of fireworks spill out.
a bearded man in a tweed suit watches him closely.
sarah steps out on the balcony above, and watches him nuzzle the horse affectionately.
mrs. bennet looks on, with an approving smile.
before them is the dark mass of mount mindolluin, its tall white face whitening in the rising sun.
the crowd is jumping.
as he counts, stella comments.
zus spits and whacks his brother again with another kick.
a fleet of black sails moving along a silver ribbon of water.
the cord binding their wrists fades and disappears.
with his arm extended at an angle of 10 degrees from his shoulder.
he finally reaches for the keys and starts up the car.
we reach the top and hurtle - thwap!
fields grins, and goes to the bedroom.
a silence falls between them.
ba reaches forth, gently touching the bandages on his head.
now, so do the others.
counting the number of bullets.
chatting away unaware that vincent is disrobing as he follows him and eyeing the expensive apartment.
dumbledore leads professor mcgonagall onto the dance floor.
aragorn hacks at a tentacle.frodo is released, falling into boromir's arms.
taylor guns down both agents, then sheds his jacket and dismantles the remote-controlled rifle.
king theoden wheels his horse away.
at the top of the stairs, jack, wearing his trousers held up by suspenders, stands and stares at the wall clock.
a hummingbird appears at the window, then disappears amidst the torrential downpour.
he forces his way through the dense branches as they close in around him, lashing him across the face.
it takes a second for david to register the question.
he presses the button switch on the horn.
there are three possible ways to go.
both girls stare at the phone.
she has the broadest of grins as she stands in the pouring rain, looking up into the sky.
tim walks briskly back towards the house, then breaks into a jog.
brody glances at the diary, then at the window -- noticing that the roman numerals in question have been worked into the window's design.
he takes out his handkerchief and wipes his face.
kazim and his men step to the opening indy made earlier and shine their flashlights through to the rat-infested water.
she does some sit ups, then, in rubber gloves, cleans the cooker.
we do not see him clearly until the very last moment -- only glimpses of him as he smiles, and exchanges little jokes with some of the crowd and the two young women who support him, occasionally joining his hands together in greeting to someone in particular, then once more proceeding with a hand on the shoulder of each of the girls.
rose crouches to help.
marcus arrives at the precipice of a descending duct.
red blood sprays helen's visor.
spider-man spots a limb moving under the train.
jimmie holds a plastic hefty trash bag, while the wolf holds a garden hose with one of those guns nozzles attached.
the doughnut eater shakes his head.
down below, harry sees peter neck-craned watching.
jenny picks up a scrapbook and turns the pages.
liquid splashes onto the woman's bruised and bloody wrists, bound tightly by twists of wire.
darcy leaves himself out of the bath and into a dressing gown held open for him by a servant.
voldemort spots it and fires at harry, who falls onto a lower staircase.
he gives her an apple.
valjean and cosette turn into a street that is walled in by high windowless houses.
in the open plan living space, nick dumps the contents of the dustbuster into the cocaine tray.
now, draped in a black robe, voldemort opens his arms triumphantly.
klaatu seems calm.
javert rides away.
as he pats both his breast and pants pockets he realizes there is something missing.
oliver and harry carry a trunk out into the school grounds.
indy pushes elsa against a column and begins to search her clothing for the diary.
the footage is of joe as a baby with his mother.
wilson looks across the oval office at anheuser.
we circle as he shouts.
he closes the book.
she starts getting changed in the back seat.
grabbing a spear from a nearby underling, gothmog drives the shaft into madril's chest.
marge plops into the chair opposite him.
he stops just behind lionel and jerks as though about to hit him.
she looks off in the distance, smiling, as the film cuts to.
the entire jungle area is in flames as forrest runs.
pumpkin sees jules sitting in his booth, holding his wallet, briefcase next to him.
next to the phone is a notepad.
shimon is being supported by rachel and malbin.
the rest of the mercenaries pay the bomb little attention.
the clerk's droopy eyes widen a little which is a snotty remark.
he has looked up.
elsewhere, survivors in four lifeboats work to lash the vessels together.
hearing something, he picks his rifle up from beside his cooker,
he glances at the note again.
she goes to take it.
the queen looks from prince philip to the tv.
cole takes a step.
lila's hand pushes the door open.
david's head bounces lightly against the window.
as he runs off, agent pleg sees the criminal escaping.
he stares into the distance, a frown on his face and his features fixed and grim.
he leans the door a different way.
everett, now relieved of his beard, is walking down the steps with penny.
there's a sexy, young woman wearing lots of dark eye shadow and a green dress leaning on the door frame
lisa speaks again with continuing sarcasm.
harry still holds the empty shell.
a flashlight sweeps past.
the bay is calm.
evan stands in the doorway looking at her; he doesn't go in.
now it is just outside a cemetery, with graves where the houses used to be.
in the corridor, harry hears the disembodied voice again.
harry looks quizzically at his father, who steps down to him, then wraps him in his arms.
with a heavy heart, lizzie makes her way over to her father's study.
gittes reaches into his pocket, pulls out his cigarette case.
they walk up to the front of the old, two-story myers house set back from the street.
neville's broomstick lifts him into the air.
several full lifeboats are lowered to the water.
ben turns and starts away from the door.
jack glares at louis as one of the other deputies leads him away.
he clicks his fingers in time to the music only he hears on his walkman.
they get the hell out of there.
ben unlocks the padlock.
ben and elaine enter the lobby and stand just inside the door.
ferris sees karami amongst the men observing.
ferris makes the call.
evelyn nods slightly escobar coughs.
valjean gives her a doll.
marius can't take his eyes off cosette.
lt. dan shouts into the radio.
he looks at him.
larry opens the door and peeks out.
they spot the saudi prince and his family
later in the snowy woodland, he comes into a clearing holding his horse by its bridle.
finally he reaches the swing doors leading into the lobby and starts to push them open.
nullah stands up on top of a water tower.
the gantry turns, moving bond away from the gun, and pulling mitchell off the scaffold.
she lives alone.
now in a vast hallway lined with marble, richardson joins harry at a window over looking new york city.
they sip their drinks and stare straight ahead.
with the sky tinged orange, benjamin wheels thomas along in a wheelchair.
rifle in hand, walt edges the garage door open,
another day - the platoon walks through the jungle as rain pours down on them.
purvis' piercing stare remains fixed on the dying man.
they enter the tent, the inside is many times bigger than the outside.
jeep is also in the diner with a big torch.
he runs up the street close to spoon's and stops dead.
jamal gulps his down quickly.
aragorn's men starting to waver as the orcs encircle them.
next day, the sisters arrive at hell's hardware store.
hoffman's wife comes out of the house.
he drops the binoculars into his lap in surprise.
gollum leads frodo up a long ravine between columns of torn and weathered rock.
in the shadowy moon light, the hooded figure seems to rise up and hover above the dead unicorn.
his face is neither old nor young, though in it is written the memory of many things both glad and sorrowful.
slowly, his eyes open and tears stream from them, rolling down his cheeks.
he lays them down.
the doctor points to graphics on a screen.
gandalf's cart pulls up outside the gate to bag end.a particularly fine example of a hobbit hole, with a large round front door set into a grassy hillside.
snow falling.
frodo, sam, merry and pippin approaching the gatehouse.wild eyes, ragged, and out of breath.
abby runs along the path to mike and gives him a hug.
martin wipes a tear.
javert sees and points his stick at valjean in silent command.
the inspector wipes the sweat from his hands and face.
who smiles weakly up at her.
bond rides impassively, following the girls little bronze car.
the plane drops.
voldemort faces his army.
they are sitting on the floor, around a tray set on a stool.
sandy shakes his head and leaves.
everything starts to .
wolfsheim leads gatsby and nick into a busy speakeasy with arched ceilings.
catching his breath, edward reaches the front door.
as the trail of great fires slowly winds from peak to peak.
an older man pushes past.
they climb over a low hedge and peer in through the windows.
the massive explosion rocks the slow moving vehicle.
he moves gingerly to a chair and turns it towards her bed.
willie slurps at the drink.
people rush past holly towards the subway; others are walking up the station steps.
he opens a door to benjamin, who climbs in.
finally, latika stands smiling up at jamal.
they approach a huge gap.
she turns from the cooker.
the teacher looks up as she leaves.
he goes quietly over to the window and shuts it and draws the curtain.
a corpulent woman heads over.
mary jane leaps out of the cab just before the truck hits it and clings to the web.
moody has a scarred face and a large, protruding false eye fixed to another eye patch.
anheuser walks over to the screen.
watson holds his hat up to the gap in the machinery, and moran puts a bullet straight through it.
george, staring at mary.
charlie andrews touches gandhi's arm, excusing himself to the others.
she seems to be in a sweet narcotic haze.
he stands before fats and bert gordon, waiting for an answer.
a casually dressed, bespectacled man with light-brown hair walks up, smoking a cigarette.
the twins are reading them.
the cage comes to his floor and starts past it.
then, the fashionable ladies put on their designer make up working to achieve a flawless finish.
gort dissolves becoming a cloud of bugs which fills the flash chamber.
rick walks into the hangar and renault hands him the letters.
joe is happily confounded by all the interaction.
a wooden galleon lists heavily to its starboard side, as it's being hauled in rough seas into a dry dock.
king george watches fletcher closely.
lt. dan looks at bubba.
forrest looks back at jenny curran, a young girl about forrest's age.
the dude sits in back holding a white russian, listening to the chauffeur, a man of about the same age from whose livery cap a ponytail emerges.
taking one of the straight chairs to the armoire, she stands on it.
from the other side of the door female voices, words indistinct, and then.
the fiery cross is twisting and starting to fall.
jules drops his wallet in the bag.
mary looks at him for a moment, then turns quickly, goes to the door, opens it and goes out onto the porch.
mr. white explodes, raising his gun and charging towards mr. blonde.
a medic opens the door of the operating room to let in another medic who is carrying tim's heart, which is in a stainless steel bowl.
turning and coming to a brief halt facing each other.
lester watches her go, baffled.
they stare blankly.
the distinguished looking 60 something us president wilson enters the g8 summit and scans around a large table where many other people are either standing or seated.
a woman rides a horse and a car pulls up at a large country house.
a car's headlights appear in the distance.
the first level is breached.
push past them toward our four boys, sitting cuffed and seat-belted behind the dirty, wired safety glass, all looking toward us, terrified.
they walk through the lobby.
he carries a limp morgan in his arms.
harry notices that snape is limping.
they are silent for a moment.
pettigrew's nose twitches, his gaze finding harry.
two death eaters search a covered market.
yaxley a death eater with a fair pigtail addresses ron.
vogel pulls indy from the periscope.
still, indy refuses to let go of the whip.
celia shimmies up behind hilly.
snape appears.
the marketing guy slaps various slogans onto a whiteboard then smiles cockily at the grouchy newspaper editor.
regina watches the attack on a monitor.
harry fixes his eyes on spider-man.
the shining light gives way to the pitch black darkness of space.
woman leaves shot briefly (we hold on children) she re-enters and goes to them with a bowl of steaming potatoes.
vincent hugging and kissing the obscured figure that is marsellus.
she continues staring vacantly ahead.
the man walks out of the room dressed in a black suit and sporting dark glasses under a pilot's cap.
they jog up onto the sandy beach.
banky sits there, shocked.
in the background, overmyer stands, watching.
merrill immediately puts the wooden board up and starts hammering nails into the frame.
she looks at mike and narrows her eyes, skeptically.
she stops, looks wearily at the bonnet, then tosses it away.
leaving dumbledore's room, harry hears voices from the open door of snape's store room.
a group of men are hurling themselves at a breach in the top of the wall, hanging there, scrabbling for a purchase, some disappearing, a few heroic individuals astride the wall reaching down to assist their women and children in the swirling crowd below.
with his knees tucked under his chin, harry sits alone on the stone floor of the empty classroom, gazing into the mirror.
a host of press photographers flash their cameras repeatedly at the dazed looking harry and a tall, white-haired old man with a long white beard, professor dumbledore.
tony hands the phone to his female assistant, then glances out the window.
jeep, holding an old wooden cot, stares at them, then walks away.
he spots robbie.
punnoose shakes a bottle into a cloth then quickly smothers arvind's face with the cloth.
she'd tackle him if she could.
zus unleashes a machinegun fire
jack is led down a dilapidated, narrow hall.
the door is heard opening.
now the bed on which he is lying moves as though someone has sat down upon it next to him.
as they proceed, the water level rises to their knees.
the man behind the counter puts pastries in a box.
a flash of lightning hits a dead tree.
frowning, benjamin plants his hands on the armrests of his chair and labors determinedly to stand up.
zoe's made herself a den under the bed.
hooper whips his head around, looking for the source of the comment.
ron joins her, sobbing helplessly.
carrying a kit bag and a suitcase, benjamin, who now looks in his late 60s, walks along the sidewalk.
pete greets guests, including graham and grandma molly.
nick walks over to where zoe's sitting.
lynn glances over to cole who sits in his seat silently.
jack keeps one arm wrapped around rose as they descend toward the water.
the room is dirty and sparse, excepting charred-bottom spoons, yellowed cotton balls and brown-spotted squares of tin foil.
lucius malfoy opens the door.
the interrogator glares down at her and tensely wipes his mouth.
the child's bed is obviously too small for him and he is forced in to a cramped position.
mountains give way to dense trees.
the room has a quality of no-whereness, of calm separation from the world.
he is looking in astonishment at his principal secretary.
veronica stops counting.
as he looks at the board, something strikes him.
sam eyes scan the counter, looking for a registration book.
he goes to her and they kiss.
he looks up at david, mouth open.
tenzen leads kate, jackson and the others towards the mountainside as it opens revealing the ship bays.
the car hurtles backwards out of the entrance and flies through the air.
harry turns away.
he starts to lift his head to catch the direction.
he peers out into the corridor.
laurie backs out of the bedroom.
water pours around them as lights flicker.
the camera pans away from the sheriffs to freddy, up against the urinal, playing possum, pretending to piss.
he glances around and enters with a grin on his face.
they lay him on a sofa.
nicole lightly taps the syringe.
she turns to jack.
hyperemic needle is concealed inside an especially-adapted winchester cartridge case.
her face brightens.
as bond comes out into the snow, two agents walk indoors.
now, our view sweeps down the front of his towering apartment building.
he shoos them away.
john enters the shot, his back to us.
szpilman gazes at the map, horrified.
he shatters the red lens, gets up.
her face hardens.
his eyes are open, scared and confused.
two drugstore de-humidifying filters, a nebulizer (breathing contraption) a waste basket.
tuvia has come into the camp.
draco draws his wand and cast a spell.
he yelps like, well, a dog.
men are lying down watching them.
still lies in sallah's arms.
enrique reluctantly lets go of her hand.
saruman stands over gandalf, gloating.
hi puts the singed copy of dr. spock's baby and child care next to the baby.
prakash grins and makes the pranam to gandhi.
he's aiming his camera at jane.
ferris looks at hani, who's sitting in his car.
a banner carried aloft bearing the white tree of gondor in full flower.
as he walks towards the terminal building, stephanie grabs his arm.
he trudges back into school.
he tweaks her chin.
steve follows walt, who wears a permanent frown.
he turns back around to stare with stern determination at the alien.
thursday, tony sits in bed, watching tv.
then, he hears voices outside his door, shouts, footsteps, panic.
in a moment she re-emerges.
eddie returns to his game and fats waits for his turn, puffing steadily on his cigarette.
hermione kneels beside him anxiously.
suddenly the girl rises.
trina tumbles across the galley as the plane straightens out.
as zus fishes in his pocket, and brings out the mezuzah.
they run to the mirror.
they stand in the front, with their backs to everyone.
now, pete sips coffee at the island with his back to the table as his family eats breakfast.
cowering berniscki sinks to his knees.
barnes gives chase on foot as enrique dies by the roadside.
bob comes through the swinging doors.
the world is close and echoing, because the car is underwater.
then handbrake turns the police car round a corner and into the path of a truck which loses control.
night time, mj walks out of a door and tosses something in a bin.
all down the streets, waiting, the silent faces of the poor.
the party is in full swing.
legolas stands.
the old man pumps - reek-a reek-a reek-a - as all contemplate his words.
-- the crows shriek excitedly and the executioner separates from the others, disappears behind a low stand of trees.
inigo, pushing slowly off from the wall again.
harry and ron walk away.
the children listen as they play.
david looks down at his son who waits patiently.
his clothes are dirty and ragged from much traveling.
a soldier makes his way into watson's compartment, unwittingly triggering the booby-trapped grenade.
she's leaning close to him.
will pops the trunk.
indy opens the door.
back at cal's apartment, they snog passionately in the dim light.
a bolt, just misses her.
the wall collapses on impact and indy falls through into another room.
peter looks at his ticket and glares at him.
eddie slumps back in his seat as the crowd applauds.
mr. miller puts the camera on a tripod in the basement.
after a dozen or so strokes, szpilman falls forward and lies in the dirt.
she adds it to a big bowl.
the woman can't see her baby anymore.
in a flash, she leaps up and clicks the lock.
with renewed determination, frodo tucks the ring inside his vest pocket.
with conviction in his eyes, he stares piercingly at merrill.
he goes back inside.
sadness and loss etched on their faces.
she hangs her head.
a moment broken by the sound of raised voices -- joe turns toward the house.
moriarty looks up.
there is silence in the room.
david moves slowly to a door in the kitchen.
mrs. st. james is a cheerful little woman with glasses pinned to her dress, the kind that pull.
a dark, disheveled figure limps through the rain towards the school.
taylor follows barnes' gaze.
now, in a prison's visiting yard.
as one door closes, charlie enters from the other.
landing on octavius and knocks him off the roof.
a guard in uniform is posted by the door, looking reprovingly at the two or three people trying to get a glance into the room.
as they snap open.
the dude gets to his feet with the portable phone.
joseph looks pityingly at the other boy.
robbie gets up.
the alien's breath ruffles joe's hair as it breathes on him.
gittes is so exhausted he's literally holding onto the nozzle as the water pours down.
leaving neville, they all huddle under the invisibility cloak.
joe and alice go over to the hole and peer through it.
for a moment, she stops and their eyes meet.
edwards tries to follow, but a bus pulls in front of him.
another man is down.
as the officers cuff them, sandy shares a frightened look with diana.
in a high tower, the hogwarts professors meet and consult together.
he runs for cover.
the spider grows bigger.
beyond her we can see the pack of furiously barking dogs, nipping at her heels.
his stand has produced a little shock of surprise.
he stops and looks round anxiously.
his eyes opened in horror.
air force soldiers burst in on the boys.
sarah goes to open it.
as he walks slowly into the kitchen, still staring at the envelope, dudley snatches the letter out of his hand.
her hands lie palm-up in her lap, like two dead fish.
his daughter stares as he pulls up his trousers and walks into a room.
sarah turns round and gasps, standing and staring.
a pick up drives down a forest road.
david punches him in the face.
he hurries to baby face.
cal follows and grabs her.
the dude grudgingly allows himself to be led away, still looking at the young woman.
the penny sits quietly in the center of his palm.
vanessa presses her hands together as if in prayer and lets him fold her in his arms.
as he looks around the bar he sees sarah, alone at a back booth, sipping a highball.
his head covered by a black hat, school boy stealthily climbs the wooden steps of the camp watch tower.
leslie is telling the story of the traumatic audition which may have turned her life.
jenny and david listened rapt attention to the concert.
he's exhausted from the walk.
with his right still gripping the bar, he holds himself upright.
a post-modern review depicting clayton as a nude king.
asael, standing in a gutter nearby.
benjamin carries two of daisy's suitcases as they walk side by side through the silent shadowy corridors of the home.
mrs. watson hands mj a posey-style bouquet of white flowers and steps back to admire the bride.
at the pump, sandy puts in his credit card.
as the very first rays of dawn light creep across the sky, thomas's car pulls up outside the country house.
he places hermione's wand on the edge and submerges his right foot in the water.
beamen checks the clipboard.
zoe's anguished face is crumpled.
she looks at him nervously, then pours a glass from the pitcher.
sarah sits alone in the darkened room, dressed in her robe and slip, lost in a drunken half-sleep.
debbie and the kids are at the breakfast table.
the sun now appears above the rooftops of the city.
harry invades snape's memories.
a glittering leprechaun appears in the sky and starts dancing.
slowly, inevitably, sam, falls asleep.
frodo sits up, looking at gandalf questioningly.
andy nods and holds her hand out to receive the coat, but miranda tosses it and her handbag onto emily's desk and marches into her office.
they follow instructions given by wolf
buckbeak whips around, raises its talons and -- seeing harry -- lowers them.
koscik's soulful dark eyes look at tuvia with compassion and he nods.
randal spits a mist of water at the customer, drenching him.
frodo turning, following sam's gaze.
early morning sunshine floods the lawn.
this springs her around from the window.
then, naked except for his black socks, he grabs the dumbbells and starts lifting them, watching his reflection in the window as he does.
felipe opens the door for a woman entering the hotel.
they head towards a church sitting on an expanse of open land.
they sit in shade.
draco joins his parents.
looking awkward, he turns to harry and holds out the plate.
it sits there, waiting.
she rolls out of the fall and draws a knife.
louise takes two long strides back towards him, raises the gun and fires a bullet into his face.
fireworks signify that the race has a winner.
the carved prow of a small boat rises in front of them.
she presses her lips together, stifling tears.
watched by a child, he studies the mechanism, then places his hand on the selection panel.
facing a terrace of georgian houses, he strikes the pavement.
a small fish swims up into the tentacles of the box jellyfish in ben's aquarium.
leading into the showroom.
it is the stag which hangs from the ceiling by its feet in the center of the room.
they hurry through a back garden shoving a washing line out of their way.
in a huge football stadium, david is on duty holding a walkie-talkie.
parrish gazes at the going-on outside which are increasing in intensity.
the dude is heading for the door.
and hugs her tighter.
minnie, a stout, well-cushioned maid, trots to the bottom of the stairs and shouts up.
jane and angela are standing with two other teenage girls.
lightning flashes behind it, as it moves forward.
the fellowship are walking along the far shore of dark lake.directly below great looming cliffs.
hermione tries to release it.
seeing his friends, harry recalls happy memories.
he looks up and sees the smoke on the hilltop.
charlie pays the check.
buttercup stops suddenly, treads water.
she looks at the book.
don looks after him, then follows him, a stubborn smile on his lips.
nymphadora helps luna and hermione.
he hugs her instead.
bond slams him into a wall, but gets head-butted, then hits him with a book.
flint looks on eyes wide with horror.
young potter hangs back, then bends down to tie his shoelace.
the broken-off spire from the church lies some distance away from an ambulance as rescue workers help survivors.
a guy runs in.
it runs across the piano.
the cooler door is heard opening.
snoop dog moves through an opening.
now a black garbed intervention team passes through a columned archway.
fergus walks past the photograph and sits down.
he tosses his grip onto the double bed.
holden shrugs slightly, then crosses his fingers - as if to say 'hopefully'.
lt. dan walks along the walkway and bubba and forrest follow.
one arm trails off into the water; next to it, an empty whiskey bottle bobs.
sandman punches a hole on the roof and board inside, overwhelming the guards with a torrent of sand.
the three young poles manoeuvre to the corner opposite the schutzpolizei and toss grenades into the building.
david turns slowly and looks after her.
dante and randal remain respectfully quiet for a moment.
pull back to reveal max and valerie, exhausted, looking at the lump with beautific pleasure, as valerie, cooking utensil in hand, covers the thing with what looks like chocolate.
she destroys the balustrade and, taking a run-up leaps through the opening onto the dragon's back.
richardson's boyish partner finds the business card in david's wallet.
flood lights illuminate the site and police snipers take positions overlooking the park.
crouch behind a rock watching as men on both sides of the battle run amongst camels and horses.
as the two robbers make their escape, spider-man swoops down on them.
he gets holden and parsons on tape as they disappear around a corner.
behind her, ricky enters, followed by jane.
mike grabs her hand and leads her onto the dance floor.
he whips off his mask.
harry stashes the map, extinguishes his wand, and turns.
the coms officer spots a hydraulic malfunction preventing the gate from closing.
he turns and looks through the arch.
on the ice - player one delivers the kill shot, slamming his fist into player two's nose.
marcus backs away from between the car and the van as lois starts the van up.
a picture hanging below a mounted baseball bat is askew, but otherwise the room is untouched.
ferris makes a call on his cell phone.
he collects the bottles of liquor and the decanter and turns on the stereo.
hi sits gingerly on the edge of the bed and, smiling, sticks a finger through the bars of the crib to play with the baby.
before them, a small crowd, mostly indian (hindus, sikhs, muslims), but with a few whites drawn by curiosity.
joyful crowds run out onto the street, celebrating.
a bloody mr. brown falls out.
practically the whole front page is devoted to the story.
he nods thoughtfully.
shaking water from his trainers, he trudges through a reed bed.
percy pushes sandra back into the diner, the door slamming closed behind them.
harry puts on the invisibility cloak and disappears instantly.
rambo sits at the tiller, watching them.
the crowd around alyssa and holden go wild.
frodo is nervous.he approaches gandalf.
vapor seeps out from the back of the green goblin's gloves straight into the face of spider-man who's hanging upside down.
one of the students, courfeyrac, is knocked down.
in it we can see two uniformed policemen and a civilian.
he and merrill exchange anxious glances.
as sultry julia heads indoors, kurt's phone rings.
enjolras waves a red flag and climbs onto the street.
the fugitive waves a hand low, paces backward, and keeps his tommy gun under his coat.
mr. wickham, now resplendent in his red uniform, watches them with amusement before sitting down next to lizzie.
venom's tendrils engulf brock's face.
he bounds up the stairs.
evan comes to back in his dorm, the same posters are on the wall, the sheets are the same.
charlie shakes her head at the woman, not giving in.
he swims past ruined archways, their outline softened by algae and water weed.
the booth window falls apart.
on a rock in the foreground, a desert lizard suns himself.
the skiptracer sits back, dazed.
as aibileen goes to take her plate, she takes another mouthful.
frodo follows the sound of gollum's voice.
they stand on the dock.
big flashes illuminate the darkness.
ron looks at her anxiously.
he holds the telegrams forward.
he pushes past students and teachers.
mortified, alex stares at ryan.
a shiny wheel flashes, a driver's eyes are fixed on the road.
mike grips a cigar between his teeth.
a gum chewing pharmacist in her early twenties, who looks like she's in her teens, glances through back shelves of medicines as she listens to the radio.
then kyle notices the broken window, takes in the room, his excitement falling.
now, debbie sits with her feet in stirrups.
she dashes for the stairs.
he hesitates and looks down at the battered black trunk on the floor.
he looks to anna's hand.
zoe jumps down and walks ahead.
elliot sips, then puts it back down on the dresser.
he presses the call button and the motor starts.
gillenormand turns to get back in his carriage.
emily lies on her side.
pippin, in his gondorian armour, looks around at the devastation.
his hair streaming up, his eyes open.
he reels around and spotss a female figure running through the trees some distance away.
the beach is crowded with sun seekers.
he awkwardly gets to his feet, reaches into his pocket and hauls out his spectacles.
he climbs up onto some twisted railway tracks.
asleep in bed harry suddenly wakes.
the waiter refills jack's glass.
kevin steps out in front of her.
dil raises her head and kisses his mouth.
wearing a button-down shirt and open vest, dillinger stumbles forward, jostled by his retinue of armed men.
he punches through it.
that lifts chelmsford's hopes a little.
norman gazes at her, at the tiny bite she has taken, smiles and then laughs.
sallah reaches out to henry.
framed in the doorway from outside stands lorl, the maid we noticed in salieri's house.
dark clouds mark the sky.
adam appears, moving cautiously, gun ready.
up on the catwalk, edward is surprised by an enemy soldier.
she's well groomed and dressed colorfully.
dante stands on a garbage can and tucks a corner of the sheet under the awning.
a man runs up the aisle limping in a comical way, he whispers something to dumbledore and leaves in the same fashion.
he walks slowly through the swirling gray cloud.
he is talking to a beggar.
he kneels down beside neff.
his legs disappear as the bedsheets flap closed behind him.
dark clouds scattered behind them, spray and spume washed over them.
holmes hands watson a pistol.
mr. collins stares at an unlabeled video cassette.
another young woman, a brunette, sits with her.
suddenly hi slaps his knee.
jack and rose run for the smoking room.
they walk through the party with nick.
rolling on the ground towards the edge of a precipice.
a hopeful smile plays across her lips when she spots a group of red-coated officers gathered in a corner.
the antonov loses the tire.
elijah glances at the business man standing next to him and then back to the sketch.
hilary leads the line of vets toward the large anti-vietnam war rally.
mae mobley, with her knickers down, proudly sits on one of the many toilets scattered across the lawn.
cunningham stares up at merrill.
outside, four officers talk to each other on a porch, their guns perched casually against their shoulders.
he reaches through the sunroof.
zoe, kate and nick are piled into a photo booth.
evan sets his tray down at a table filled with carlos and some other inmates.
andy is wearing a bright blue jumper.
he shakes another hand.
as she glides out.
the white queen attacks a black castle.
carlos drops karl's writhing body to the floor and presses his girth against the cell door.
he puts a light on in the bedroom and goes to the door of the on-suite bathroom.
willie continues to stare at the safe.
the glider shoots into a hot air balloon.
indy finally manages to pull himself atop the tank once more where he punches vogel over the side, then peers down to henry, still inside the tank.
the wedding party is led in by casey and tess in figure- hugging cream dresses, carrying bouquets of yellow and white flowers.
yaxley barges past people hurling bursts of energy at the trio, narrowly missing them.
he smiles at her, she smiles too, throws her arms so tightly around him.
he takes her hand and they hurry on.
joe stands his ground as it draws closer.
snape presses his wand hard against barty's cheek.
he looks round at the kids.
harry runs into the gryffindor common room followed by ron and hermione.
he turns back toward brody, now holding the cross.
they stand in silence.
pete and debbie enter and we see their two employees, jodi and a new, gorgeous employee, desi, who is up on a ladder.
as he raises his arm to strike.
salim wears fancy leather cowboy boots.
sim pushes through the crowd, holding her bag which the gypsies have taken off holmes.
as the sun comes up the horse men arrive on the rocky ridge.
louis throws michael to the ground and pulls a knife on him.
as indy tries to secure footing, vogel steps on his hands.
in las vegas, alex holds the cut-out of julie and jim in front of the pyramid-shaped luxor hotel.
shocked banky lets out a sigh of relief.
a dementor hovers in front of harry, forcing him against the wall with his bony fingers around his throat, attempting to suck out his life.
her mouth hangs open.
the camera moves in on elliot's anguished face.
ron joins hermione and harry on the sofa.
now, debbie's car pulls up at an upscale apartment building.
standing under the chuppah, asael stamps on a glass.
he cannot see her anywhere.
they're pursued by hummers with machine guns.
uncle billy and george are seated among the directors.
steve hands over his key card.
as he pulls up, zoe turns to him.
his body instantly goes into shock from the poison.
daisy puts her hand over nullah's mouth.
he looks back down at the locket he's holding and snaps it shut.
the dancing girl continues her steps under the watchful gaze of an elderly male teacher who claps to maintain her tempo.
they all raise their glasses.
a beautiful and beautifully dressed woman (mrs. nehru) stands next to her distinguished husband (motilal nehru).
he shifts his gaze up the highway to the north.
hi is momentarily startled, then goes on playing with the baby.
he's so pissed off, he literally rips a machine gun from the hands of one of the startled soldiers.
the slytherin captain gives angelina a slight kick.
she tosses a cross to the door of her bedroom.
they smile at each other.
the man, in a leather jacket and brimmed hat is.
valjean lifts cosette into the waiting cab.
chili turns aronud and sees her standing in the doorway now, her arms folded across that chest, the lakers t-shirt coming down just past her crotch.
a nurse approaches her.
ron falls through to join them.
szpilman quickly brings the piece to a close, stands, steps off the platform, threads his way through to halina.
a well dressed man in his mid-thirties jumps out of the car.
he chooses a path.
disco lights flash and people dance.
he goes into the last cabin and switches the light on.
she surrounds them and drives them like geese up the bank.
and suddenly he stops, points at something behind the man in black.
a tall, slender woman emerges from a lift to find him struggling with the cushion.
the boy lies wide-eyed on the bottom as a white man in a suit falls face-first into the water.
he looks down humbly.
with a look that could kill, the ultrasound technician leaves the room.
he turns over more clippings, copies of the first stories, pages of sport results, more photos of football matches.
he crosses to a bulletin board showing mug shots of billie.
ben reaches forward and pulls the zipper down.
viktor takes another out .
indy rides up beside it.
bren gestures to the ultrasound monitor.
cal eyes jack as they stepped past him.
the crewcut guy reaches to a stack of brochures.
lee, uneasy, looks down.
her hand falls to the table and knocks over a glass.
gorbag grabs frodo's hair and pulls his head back, exposing his neck.
he takes a contemplative puff, studying ed.
the dog runs under the desk where john's working.
out of the hole peers a small mouse.
he sets the camera up to film the crash site in the distance.
suddenly a shout goes up!
emily smiles impishly.
he heads into the house.
an elaborately dressed military aide opens the door and lord louis mountbatten, resplendent in naval uniform, steps out onto the platform.
everyone jumps -- charles turns -- cary, laughing, has just exploded a firecracker.
dante is suddenly by her side, taking the books from under her arm.
bo walks past chili, goes down the stairs.
one wheel gets stuck while retracting.
the workers replace the mona lisa with the replica.
he smiles as he sees the get-well cards, and the table at the bottom of his bed piled high with boxes of sweets.
neff walks in past him without answering.
we see mary's face peering out from the leaves.
carl showalter is driving.
inside is a sketch of a man with a goatee beard.
to harry's relief, draco backs off.
gittes enters, drops his hat on sophie's desk.
they head into the forest.
as the fellowship enter the blackness, something in the water stirs.
they break into a classroom.
harry is tugging the string to lower the blinds behind the desk.
he now conceals his new reaction.
nick carries a tray with a shiny silver tea set on it into the room.
and suddenly there is a commotion and the sound of boots on the concrete platform, and the english captain shoves his way through to confront gandhi down the little aisle that was being made for him.
the red haired boy has a smudge of dirt on his nose.
it shoots into the air.
in the still-moving truck, rambo signals to reese.
he opens the mailbox and a of orange tic tac packs cascade onto his feet.
mrs. bennet waving a white handkerchief excitedly above her head.
he ventures on at an even pace, moving down a narrow channel between two rows of rigid stalks.
mozart glances back at the group seated in the theatre.
one man escapes by running back in the opposite direction, out of the beam of light and is lost to sight for a moment.
isildur materializes under water.as the ring slips slowly from his finger.
andy is dining with nate and two mates.
snape waves the moth away, blows out a candle and a slide show begins.
randal enters carrying videos.
an suv pulls up beside him.
gittes looks over to evelyn.
harry falls to the floor of the building mary jane is on.
a prisoner with graying temples lifts a box labeled mayer thread company from a stack.
cut to cohee lundon.
nema stops the truck.
annie stops three houses down the street and pulls into a garage.
valjean hangs his head.
smokie responds by giving him the finger.
she looks around in alarm as the military arrive in hummers with heavy machine guns.
the slytherin bully barges him again.
he taps his umbrella all around a small metal grill.
the room contains a number of worktables with machinery.
laura goes into the cabin
he sticks his toothbrush in his ear.
green and white smoke streaming from their broomsticks.
benjamin looks back at thomas.
as she passes in front of him his eyes narrow in uneasy speculation.
jenny steps out the door as forrest picks up his hat.
elrond's eyes fall to the evenstar which hangs around aragorn's neck.
the grogans' old hatchback arrives at the airport.
many students wave to evan and call his name.
they cling to each other tears running down their cheeks
who gives her a hopeful smile.
as she enters building and realizes it's not just that she's wet -- the thin summer dress is a winner in any wet t-shirt contest.
and watching him with deepest affection.
latika rushes to take maman's money from the floor.
john's putting items from his desk into a box.
larry grabs georgia and kisses her hard.
zed is blasted in the groin.
he turns to the cameraman.
bob strides over and sees the old cot on a bench.
harry grabs the phone, punches the '0'.
they look at each other, then move to the balcony, and.
he wears jeans and a white t-shirt with a deep v.
morgan's in a bookshop watching the news coverage with the middle aged proprietors.
a large bunch of yellow flowers is delivered.
he lays westley down across a bench by the fireplace, picks westley's arm up and lets it drop limp.
sam and merry shove off with the poles.
we see his image on the tv as she videotapes.
bellatrix licks her lips then saunters away.
he and daisy stepped out of the lift and cross the dimly lit party.
she watches him as he goes to the bureau, takes some shirts from a drawer and puts them in the suitcase, then goes back to the bureau.
the glass is held over the first, magnifying the face.
light flares beneath his hand and ripples across the surface as he touches it.
the bug snorts it back, tearing them from jay and kay's grasp, then swallowing them.
the balls are returned and eddie makes his break shot, a glancing blow that leaves the pack of balls nearly intact and the white cue ball lying far away at the end of the table.
close on a solitary red rose petal as it falls slowly through the air.
the women scuffle.
buttercup, barreling along, controlling her horse easily.
outside the station, four girls sit in a horseless carriage.
he strolls through it and notices something.
he takes in the group with his mouth open.
drinking a cup of tea.
myrtle's watching from an upstairs window.
they wrap their arms around each other.
the officer drives up to them.
he straps a harness to him, then lifts buttercup and vizzini in the harness.
malbin is cowering behind a nearby tree.
he starts up the steps to the door.
his kind eyes stare down at the ground as he slows his mind.
he stands and once more peers up at the figures of the cheering derby fans.
she looks off, shakes her head.
harry is the last to leave the ward.
d'andrea looks at gilbert whose hand rests on his gun.
the guards look on in total surprise as the flames erupt into the twilight sky.
he looks behind him at chaya, who is weeping.
harry struggles to get free.
glen's feet leave the ground.
she lights it and, as she does, he glances at the sheet in the typewriter.
harken snatches the epipen.
marge looks around as they start walking.
he indicates harry, ron, and hermione.
a red hatchback is among the traffic on the bridge.
david looks into the man's concerned face, and back at audrey.
graham contemplates the knife for a moment the reaches out and grabs it.
harry hits the window again.
the memory stops.
the president is loaded into an ambulance.
in the pumping station, harry and david reach a spiral staircase.
and the images in the portraits are alive.
he gazes across the street at aisha, leans against a wall and drifts into his thoughts.
lester pays her.
jack and rose hurry down the corridor.
kate, who's been doing a crossword in the paper, sticks a pencil into her neat bun and takes a mouthful of the pasta.
we reveal eponine staring at him through the door.
morgan's holding open a book.
rose steps to the settee, then stretches out on it.
david stares at the white haired nurse.
loomis gets in the car.
finally he makes up his mind and starts moving down the street, almost running, looking back and fourth at the rows of houses on either side for something out of place.
the secret service agents spill out.
the bus pulls up outside the mall and the skaterats see the kid getting off at the stop.
troubled walt looks up at the diminutive kor khue, who nods.
thelma and louise, both looking a little rougher than we've seen so far, drive away.
his eyes drop to the.
she seems shocked, but doesn't resist as he pulls her toward him with surprising strength.
fezzik's group is only faintly visible far below.
there is murder in his eyes.
renault walks over to strasser's table as rick comes down the stairs.
the dude rises.
sarah sees it, picks it up, and sparks it into flame.
several men with their backs turned, one talking quietly, staring down into the reservoir where other men in small skiffs are apparently dredging for something.
dumbledore and severus come rushing in.
one youth has flicked his cigarette -- hard.
now in his office, hoover talks on the phone.
george takes off his hat and coat, moves over to the dresser and stares at his reflection in the mirror.
as she crosses the wide street, andy becomes just another new yorker going about her business as she's swallowed up in a sea of people.
holmes and sims sit.
he is folding a hand towel and stuffing it into his jacket pocket.
carol opens the door just as he arrives on her landing.
gittes pulls out cigarette case, takes one, offers one to evelyn who refuses.
tenzen opens the gate.
the bus pulls up to a stop.
vernon lands flat on his back in a bush.
abby's smile gives way to a hardened expression.
he opens it and the cat leaps out at him.
octavius watches as more metal is pulled into the sphere.
gandhi has moved toward the steps.
her back arched until she lies on the floor.
elise sleeps alone in bed, the sheets beside her pushed down and rumpled.
they walk slowly, with their eyes pointed straight ahead.
there is a whimpering sound.
they take up their positions and watch the car draw nearer.
camille takes a gunman out with a boat hook, then the inflatable turns for another run.
moody helps harry away.
stunned silence.
a man watches whip from a parked car and speaks into his cell phone.
mitchell drops one agent.
on another day jenny meets the card in a large bouquet of flowers.
louise studies thelma's face.
between thumb and forefinger the dude holds up the contents of the package--a little toe, with emerald green nail polish.
hannah, wearing a plaid shirt, sits up in bed, a book propped up on her knees.
stunned, indy sinks to one knee.
black spider-man swings away to the gird as an archways, flying back to drop kick flint into the side of a train.
he even smiles somewhat secretly to himself at what he sees.
they swoop through the clouds, down towards the thames, then across trafalgar square.
he pours fergus more whiskey.
daisy holds her hands over her face fearfully, as does jordan.
his gun's still cocked.
they both smile, slightly awkwardly, and look down.
terrence drives away from a hotel.
david's view fades to black.
he climbs down himself and carries cosette.
sam takes hold of her arm, stops her.
terrance slips off his shoes and sprints down the aisle.
his hand slips to her bottom.
butch and marsellus look up at maynard, who's brandishing a pumpaction shotgun, aimed at the two men.
she stops in front of a little girl, who holds a bouquet of flowers.
caroline listens intently.
jenny's grandmother meets jenny outside and leads her toward the trailer.
she looks up, surprised, but, not recognizing him, continues on.
he stares into space thoughtfully.
frodo backs away into the trees.as 200 uruk-hai swarm onto amon hen behind aragorn!
before him stands the masked stranger.
caroline smiles and keeps reading.
his men spread across the field in alarmed marching in step and fire on the remaining germans.
he rides down the street when suddenly a man in a range rover opens his door to exit his car and pete slams directly into the man's car door -- hard, breaking the man's window and falling to the ground.
in the bandstands, a young boy's jaw drops in awe.
he opens the wallet.
ice crystals sparkle in jack's hair as he takes her hand.
nearly 100 wounded.
emily comes out of the assistant principal's office to robbie, who is waiting.
he ambles toward her.
the three men stand in the middle distance, waiting.
she holds an arm full of strategy packets.
next to her, chaya, ladles out some soup to a long line of people.
realizing the lens cap is still on, peter removes it.
tuvia looks into lilka's eyes then springs to his feet.
lily wears her winter hat.
they stamp at each other's feet then trade more blows.
they bolt out the door.
he looks into the eyes on the dr. eckleburg billboard.
he sits as thoughts crash at his head.
he picks up the photo and holds it over his case length- wise and cross-wise.
the front of the sheriff's car has been smashed in by a violent impact.
aibileen and henry, who have been sitting at the back of the bus, hurriedly get out and walk off down the dark street.
a livid scar is revealed along latika's cheekbone.
he plays, makes adjustments with a pencil to the manuscript, plays again.
kate moves the photo album around and begins to look through it.
she goes into the house.
minnie, wrapping her cardigan around her, storms out.
she considers, then looks at him reassuringly.
a young man in a down parka is limping across the snowfield, away from the wrecked car.
more bricks fall away.
a moment as parrish looks around, the moment extends, it appears he may not ever answer.
the store, a wooden hut, contains wood, nails, tools, paint, metal brackets.
she pulls away abruptly.
the trio leave ollivander's and peek round the corner, where there's a wanted poster for fenrir greyback: the beardy death-eater who attacked the shop.
enjolras gazes on his pitifully small group.
the glider circles the tall singular building then heads towards the balcony weaving this way and that, past giant balloon figures floating above the festival.
he turns back, and lifts up the golden snitch bequeathed to him, by dumbledore.
mozart stands in the corridor, out of the archbishop's line of sight, bowing and giggling, and encouraging the applause for the archbishop with conducting gestures.
spider-man leaps up on a wall at the end of the alley way.
the beautiful closing ensemble from act iv of figaro: ah, tutti contenti!
she pulls back automatically, but it's clear she's drawn to him.
the gimp giggles from underneath the mask as if this were the funniest moment in the history of comedy.
they drive away fast in road dust.
she kneels in front of her.
he hits the line of thread stretched out in front of him and bounces off a pipe and a wall, tumbling towards an alleyway below.
lola catches up with zachetti and they walk away together.
the white-haired professor seems to float gently downwards.
he trips, then climbs to his feet and runs on.
he scratches, and a look of sublime relief comes over his face.
standing at the bridge rail, murdoch glances down at them, smiles, and walks off.
a reverse looking up shows the dude hurtling toward us out of the inky sky, his eyes wide with horror.
snape stalks away along the corridor, his black cloak billowing behind him.
a sigh; he takes up the towel.
the dogs and their handlers halt by the bush.
it races off, and lizzie delightedly chases after it.
fergus is sweating.
david stares to the side away from the movement, his shoulder leaned up against the wall.
she looks over at watson, who nods.
gail gets up from her chair.
he puts his hand in his pocket and pulls out what cash he has.
debbie raises her arms, then leaves the room.
down in the street, skeeter pulls up outside the main entrance.
harry approaches the table.
alex calls him from her car.
he makes his way deeper in to the room, along the aisles between the stacks.
merrill reaches for it.
moments later, asael drapes a cloth bag over aron's shoulder.
he stops and studies him.
harry moves slowly towards it and starts to speak.
ferris looks at skip with disdain, steps over and leans down to him.
next to them, skeeter and stuart are dancing cheek to cheek.
her face is brave, gay piquant.
kneels down beside him and removes the ice pack from his knee.
we pull back a little, enlarging the group shot and the role of the troopers in it.
pearl sits up and points at it.
patel is the first to recognize the implications.
the camera moves in until jeff is in semi-closeup, alone.
its driver is a huge leather-clad hellion.
hermione walks slowly up to him, looking concerned.
he pulls her.
the men start to circle each other.
a lone figure strides between the smoking tents, kicking the smoldering remains.
fleur kisses harry on the face.
the barricade is now complete: an impressive wall up to twelve feet high, with one heavily guarded section that can be wheeled open to allow access.
tied the room together.
it moves forward and rears up, about to strike.
jackson wrenches the cable free.
mrs. gump looks into forrest's room.
her eyes widen and she throws her head back.
she moves her hands apart.
a bailiff signals him to take it off, and he does.
blades poke out of gabriel's mace.
the maid appears.
a bomb explodes on the ground floor of the hotel.
he takes them off again and drops them to the ground.
as this time, the sound of a subway car fills the diner, making everything shake and rattle.
scrape-scrape-scrape - he goes back to work on the wind-shield.
though not quite dead, the tiny little green man is gravely wounded.
carolyn grips the wheel tightly, staring straight ahead.
ron takes a swig and heads for the nearest cubicle.
he gives her an enigmatic sideways glance.
kate stands alone in the sunlit street as a truck drives away.
she has a change of heart and leaves it open.
the cab passes the bank, and ernie sees a crowd of people around the door.
above him, peter tears the unraveling symbiote from his body.
behind her back, sandra twists her hands within the ropes bound around them.
they sit on the lounge floor with a tiramisu between them.
in utter despair he collapses against the tree.
michael keeps holding charlie.
they fall over the cliff.
gale is carefully studying his thumbnail; evelle stares fixedly at the ceiling.
brock kneels beside her.
she walks down the brightly decorated hall to join them.
a pretty young woman in a severe police uniform peers out from behind it.
he takes off his top hat and starts to undo his coat.
he practically embraces the astonished bert, then runs at top speed toward town.
he continues to work on her as.
jay pulls again, and rosenberg's entire face pushes out with a mechanical hum, then hinges open, the whole face rotating out away from the rest of the artificial skull.
carl watches a film.
she goes inside; he follows.
he stares at the cops and complies.
carol looks at melvin.
the guy nuzzles her.
he works his lips under his trim dusting of a moustache.
it now stands at ten o'clock.
as big john walks off, eddie smiles at charlie.
he finds only a small stick.
he opens the gold-framed painting.
he's grateful for her affection, but still looks uneasy.
edward walks away.
the military coming in.
david presses his lips together.
he talks quietly but spits it out.
benjamin struggles to his feet and stands shakily before the congregation.
he looks around then grabbing jacob's hand, he leads them in a sprint across the grass.
the two decapitated men lie a few yards in front of him.
sending lembas crumbs raining down.
with their dearest friends gathered around them.
another character walks in.
sandy buries his head in his hands.
abby squirms, crosses her legs, and points at her feet.
fay reacts as the ffa guy points to a little green hat on one of the tables.
he knees tucked up to her chest.
nathan is studying the two of them.
the two women don't seem to notice.
mrs. boswell opens the bottom drawer of her desk and pulls out a drawing.
he points it at one of the men's heads.
he half-smiles.
through the window, we see lester, wearing only his sweatpants, performing bench presses.
just then louise comes out of the store.
a technician spreads gel across juno's distended belly with an ultrasound scan head.
ben watches an ice hockey practice.
people stare at the newfangled car as it goes by.
later, harry and ron find neville waltzing by himself around the bedroom, wearing his pajamas and a pair of shiny dancing shoes.
the dude looks up, up, up at the looming ball, its mass rolling a huge shadow across his face.
daisy enters the building via the back door.
followed by hands.
he grins broadly then heads off before turning back heavy- browed.
in fact, almost all the customers are reading papers.
lee picks up a book from the stereo shelf.
david and bernie turn to look at cal.
harry turns over the page, but the ink blot has vanished.
the little girl strokes aibileen's cheek.
fouls the breeze and ron and harry stare toward the trees in numb disbelief.
meha tries to speak unemotionally but under gandhi's sympathetic gaze his despair keeps cracking through.
a dead bird lays on the ground, decomposing.
zachetti goes out of shot.
he's looking to her for a little help here, but she's too uncomfortable with this sudden intimacy to give him any.
three stylists watch as she moves around the sampling table and grabs a can of hair spray.
kevin looks puzzled as she bashes a wall with her handbag.
malcolm's body becomes very still.
george turns and heads for the door, kicking viciously at a waste basket on the floor as he goes.
they stare at the devastation below.
the boat slows to a halt.
he stops in the doorway and turns back to look at her, shaking his head sadly.
joe hurries away back up the tunnel, using a sparkler to light his way.
he turns the handle.
the wine is passed round.
klaatu turns and looks at the boy.
the figure is peter, who strides with purpose away from the edge.
holmes and watson return fire, killing them both.
first kapellmeister giuseppe bonno: very italian, cringing and time-serving, aged about seventy.
javert looks around, moved by the scene.
graham hesitates a moment then steps forward, and sits beside his son on the end of the couch.
we are in a large victorian parlor in a well-to-do home.
smack-crack - the bullet kisses another hole in the glass.
klaatu draws a sweeping arrow across the board, connecting the formulae.
on the tv, the press conference is similarly affected.
flint sits down on the window sill as he gazes at her intently.
henry yelps as the cigarette lighter burns his hand.
people working in offices pause to stare at gandhi as he moves along, more uncomfortably aware of his prison garb than ever.
she comes in to see him.
queenie quietly approaches dr. rose and whispers in his ear.
david gets startled.
she considers them briefly, then picks up the furry kangaroo.
she gets in back and gazes at the unseen driver.
they both twist frantically to look in the back seat.
sand and stars swirl amongst the grim of light.
a german film crew records the scene.
we are looking down at the dude who is prone on the rug.
indy picks up a bust of hitler and uses it to jam the rotating wall in place, sealing the nazis inside the burning room.
he's carrying a clipboard.
pete stands onstage.
they head inside.
harry goes to a gap in the tent.
a line of waiting taxis along the brilliantly lighted night club street.
back at home, minnie looks at her like a mother talking to a small child who's just been bullied.
octavius' mechanical limbs are suspended from the ceiling.
the man tears at the choking arm, and slams david back into the bedroom wall.
peter takes off his helmet, satchel and jacket.
as the crowd sings along, a fire crew arrives.
diana enters cornish's information into a card burner and inserts a blank card.
from inside, throaty wails of frustration can be heard.
lynn just stares at cole.
gale is looking around, puzzled.
camera follows away from the body, travels slowly across the bathroom, past the toilet, out into the bedroom.
he looks behind constantly.
inside the house, harry watches helplessly as his uncle burns the envelopes one by one.
nestled between lush green trees and other crumbling apartment blocks.
city lights sparkle as andy is driven to the benefit.
police vehicles draw up in convoy.
they stop him.
they see something else on the floor.
peter's head rests on his aunt's bed.
he slaps down the chalk and returns to his seat.
the burly one grabs a phone book and whacks her with it.
he pushes his pants off.
men get out of the suvs and go up to ferris.
she ushers skeeter in.
jeff is just lifting a piece of bacon to his lips when stella speaks.
wilson shoots gatsby in the back.
graham moves to his feet and look around the room.
in flashback, the girl steps out of the knickers and walks slowly across the room towards a skinny boy sitting bare-chested in the same armchair.
ryan turns to kara.
he furrows his brow.
outside the bank, he rejects another call from an unknown caller.
kay is in the hole where the ship landed, investigating.
the woman shakes her head.
turning back to bob.
(we haven't yet.)
he leans to her and she smiles slightly.
elliot and hannah, eating and talking, walk past a hallway and offscreen as holly appears, walking down the hallway.
thao rubs his neck.
mrs. gump walks toward forrest and sits down next to him on the log.
her face reflected in one of them.
as he continues to speak he punctuates each phrase or so with another lit match.
wormtail runs into the shadows as flames leap high into the night sky.
he raises his gaze and nods.
emily has miranda's coat and bag for her as she leaves.
a rumbling sound is heard and the ground roars and shifts.
the ranks of elves part revealing: arwen, eyes shining.
they have come to a turning, nearer to town, the area poorer, run-down.
helpless, he cries.
he straightens his hat, looks back.
harry is overwhelmed by an image of sirius being tortured by voldemort.
she takes another drag on her cigarette.
he gets out of bed and goes to a side door.
the same image of don's dead face on the tile is reflected in the eye.
another is a crying face.
kay punches a couple keys, and the cursor begins to sweep from right to left, starting to eliminate the rightmost letters of edwards's name.
in the movie house, the crowd watches figures on screen playing hockey, then clark gable washing his hands in a men's room.
absolutely nobody is outside.
harry looks at her sadly.
in the crowded stands, lester and carolyn find seats.
the children are playing ball in the garden with jenny when john arrives home.
he picks up the cotton sack, jogs up the steps to the farmhouse veranda and hits indoors.
mayhem, screaming.
they wear shawls over their night-dresses and clogs on their feet.
cole looks at the penny and then up to malcolm's face.
gittes picks up the sheet and pulls it back.
he just stares hard at the double doors.
he transforms into a younger man, who lashes out angrily.
joe fires three times, hitting mr. orange with every one.
louise looks down the road and sees a highway patrol car coming down the road towards them.
fezzik, frightened, follows close behind.
smokie wields a machine pistol.
the boy nudges his father and points.
he presses his earpiece and enters the elevator.
ron still looks like reginald.
indy lies on top of elsa, kissing her.
upon each tomb lies a sleeping form, carved in stone, hands folded.
through the open door thenardier sees a man on horseback rattling up to the inn.
the figure climbs to the upper platform and points his wand at dumbledore.
he falls back beside his godfather.
he closes the door, then opens it.
she fixes one of the many bouquets of flowers on the table.
close shot -- grandpierre.
he enters dumbledore's old office which is undamaged.
he opens the car door and throws him out of the moving vehicle.
we fade up on a moving pov of a crow as it glides to the flock circling the feet of a pot-bellied man (the executioner) sitting in the courtyard.
it's like something else beyond sensual need has taken over.
suddenly frodo coughs.takes a huge breath.
graham looks at merrill, who's now one of them.
andy glances over at christian, who looks stunned.
she draws him away.
the back of the titanic slaps down on the ocean surface crushing dozens.
as she walks off, he grabs her arm.
the man does as he's told.
miranda kisses nigel before taking her place.
a disbelieving exchange of glances, the sound of others standing around them.
the host points his hand at jamal mimicking holding a gun.
lenny, falling on top of him.
reaching the gryffindor table, hagrid stops beside harry, ron and hermione.
camera pans to pick up a taxi as it pulls up before the handsome building.
the shape gets out of the station wagon, close to camera so we can't see him.
renault countersigns the papers.
preacher holds up both hands to john.
the team, including rambo, make ready.
she pauses -- the beginning of an extraordinarily long silence.
alice gasps -- stops pedaling -- looks back at her father's car, wide-eyed and terrified -- should she go back?.
a wooden bridge has been constructed, linking the small ghetto to the large ghetto.
dave rushes off to a nearby tv showing the game show.
he finishes the beer, crushes the can and drops it to his feet next to eight more empties.
one of the men presses a key on a mobile phone.
watson and his wife, mary, are at the station.
two seamen pull the passengers back in and close the door.
the rose petal drifts into view, landing on his pillow.
then slowly, and significantly, she looks toward the open window.
she comes to jeff, sits in his lap again, displaying the inside of the case.
he forces a smile -- then starts reading.
jeff just stares ahead.
hi does a small take, surprised at this much integrity.
harry finds himself in the cellar at honeydukes.
rick's hand reaches for it and knocks it over.
dead in the middle is bareheaded dan teague.
a blonde woman in a blue top is standing among the group of police officers.
and he starts to ascend the rope, carrying them all along with him as he goes.
he backs up as flynn joins sarah.
jeep turns back to the trailer.
two men sit at a table.
the triumphant gryffindors celebrate their victory.
harry turns to him.
he sees the woman, who was wanting to use the onboard lavatory while at the station, punch a couple of the soldiers then shoot two more.
gets up from the writing table,
the indecisive customer shakes her head in disgust and throws the movies back onto the wall.
evelyn walks out the door.
gazing at her, peter grins, then about-turns.
the waiter arrives with mojitos.
they come into elizabeth's kitchen.
a soldier carries a heavy machine gun on his shoulder.
without looking back at, the dude, who follows.
salim approaches the gang of children.
chili gives the driver a look then gets out of the bus, standing there in the rain, his seat getting wet, nowhere to go.
beside the door at the head of the stairs there are about three bells, for the several occupants of the apartment within.
his red face quivers as he talks.
takes a sip.
sam rips cobwebs away from frodo's head.
rambo locks off the motor and brings the pirate boat to a halt.
she removes a cigarette lighter with a unique ivory four-leaf clover design.
on the runway, he shakes hands with lord airlie.
graham makes eye contact with merrill.
the tiny baby has a jacket scar in his forehead.
she glances at annie's coat.
early morning joggers stretch in front of a large observatory with three domes.
she strides toward us, naked under a robe which she is just cinching shut.
she gets off her knees.
graham looks at the young girl's teary eyes.
jeff's attention is now drawn to another feature of his backyard entertainment.
don takes a bar and shakes it.
on the other side of the ship, lowe stands in a lifeboat as it is lowered.
he takes a rock from a plant pot by the door.
she stares at her superhero.
she locks the glass door and walks down the street, across the road, and into a pub called the metro.
she giggles and snuggles into him.
mary stands next to george, watching him.
hermione dislodges a ring.
charles is in her face.
it languidly wraps its tentacles around his forearm and stings him.
alette's chauffeur driven car arrives at a store.
mike gives a cocky wave.
among the members of the sad burlesque audience, he is in strong contrast: a sour and aggressive expression.
he is followed by his chamberlain, the count arco.
new york, she sits glumly in the back of a yellow cab as it crosses times square.
sylvie gaudet, french, attractive, blonde, in her early thirties, comes from the railing of the sun deck to join reggie and jean-louis.
debbie glances at pete, who glances back.
she's scared, sure, petrified, who wouldn't be, but she makes no reply-- --and now a shrieking eel has zeroed in on her-- --and now she sees it, a short distance away, circling, starting to close-- --and buttercup is frozen, trying not to make a movement of any kind-- --and the eel slithers closer, closer-- --and buttercup knows it now, there's nothing she can do, it's over, all over-- --and now the eel opens its mouth wide, and it's never made such a noise, and as its great jaws are about to clamp down.
john stands to preacher's right, around corner of table; he remains expressionless and immobile, until he speaks.
brody sits alongside elsa in the rear of the car carrying donovan.
lizzie looks furious.
angle on: merry, wind blowing his hair, eowyn's arm around his chest.
the cabinet dissolves, revealing an ancient stone goblet.
she wanders on.
henry is all about the broken vase which he still holds in his hand.
keyes remembers he forgot to introduce jackson.
lizzie looks at georgiana and smiles.
she angrily grabs his ipad and walks out.
peter dodges the blade.
ryan and alex casually pick up name badges and neck bands.
the cube vibrates, almost imperceptibly.
aron and rachel, tamara cuddling her baby look up at the sky.
grabbing the handrail to steady himself and silhouetted against the daylight, he stares down the long steep staircase at the man striding into the tiled station.
on will, realizing.
the bartenders are cleaning up.
andrea turns with boards.
pigeons take to the air as peter passes.
a guard quickly opens it, and they barge in just as the escapees force their captives into the room.
the kids gathered by french windows and point to the backyard, where tables laden with party food lie abandoned.
bleeker discreetly pushes a postcard to juno with his foot.
but he holds out his hand and she gives him the mirror.
mitch looks across the aisle at sue and thao.
allister indicates a nearby room.
peretz is hit.
bert and henry watch eddie coldly.
at the key of the city ceremony, gwen stacy is at the lectern flanked by city dignitaries.
the pale moonlight shows him to be a handsome, elegant man.
and that's when they realize it hose aren't clouds.
ryuichi puts up his hand.
in tibet, nima and lama rinpoche sit together on the balcony of a small monastery overlooking a snow-covered mountain range.
he flies back and lands in a heap.
ruth turns back to rose.
the aston-martin followed by the black alfa-romeo driving towards the quarry.
rick takes the check.
indy takes a step forward through the cobwebs.
ryan looks surprised.
curly head fat ass pulls mr. not gay off willie.
it follows the children as they swarm to another window.
gwen's eyes widened in horror as the desk slides towards her.
she sees spider-man swooping, swinging, diving and soaring his way across the city.
a woman's looking at the photo of carl sprawled on the ground.
her dilated pupils shrink to tiny dots.
gothmog turns to his lieutenants.
but joe doesn't move.
bob stares at michael, uncertain how to respond to that.
her eyes follow him around the room.
martini, nick and several others rush to pick him up.
jane jumps up and opens the door and lets him in.
he smacks at harry.
they sit round a table with the executives.
what he sees is a small compact czech m61 submachine gun with a huge silencer on it, lying on his kitchen counter.
he clicks his finger again.
ferris takes a phone from the agent.
she's grinning at her own frustration and she keeps trying, but there's no doubt she means it.
now all the trees are moving to block him, their dark shapes towering over him in the flashes of lightning.
marley bounds out of the house with john holding his leash.
within seconds, tons of rock seal the doorway, throwing the fellowship into pitch blackness.
his eye widens in surprise.
the kimono slides to the floor.
hours later, and the lights are dimmed.
joe looks -- they all move to preston (except cary, who heads off): crates have spilled from a nearby split car; many shattered, revealing thousands of small white-metal cubes which now litter the ground.
purvis lowers the phone and turns to his peers.
after dinner, they stroll near the notredam cathedral.
she pauses and looks at him.
seeing this, gideon looks confused.
wick comes into the living room, sets down the suitcase and during the ensuing scene takes a topcoat from the closet.
a globule lands in the palm of brock's hand and spreads around him.
mrs. robinson, naked, is shutting the door to the bedroom behind her.
she embraces him.
willie turns around holding the stuffed elephant.
zoe turns and sits up a little.
he falls down the remaining part of the stairs.
he takes the key from mickey and turns the switch.
father flynn puts the books on top of mickey's pile; mickey, flipping through the top one, awkwardly carries his bundle to the door.
he looks down through tears and tears at morgan.
she slowly, clumsily lowers herself onto his lap.
the screen lightens to reveal clouds and a blue sky.
suddenly, quick as a gunfighter, tony snaps the fly swatter down on a buzzing fly.
the sub moves forward stirring up clouds of sediment as the second sub follows close behind.
she slips down on it.
drover's washing his muscled torso, using water from a bucket.
the judge falls.
smartly dressed in different suits, cal talks to women over a series of nights.
frodo grabs pippin's sleeve, spilling his beer.
nearby, molly brown stops a brown-haired steward.
he looks at the telephone receiver and frowns.
he picks up the briefrase as he rises from the sofa and leo gets out of his chair.
and in an instant, he's gone, leaving lizzie with a somewhat perplexed expression.
he goes to the gate and opens it.
he hands her his hat and briefcase and continues right on, camera with him, to a door lettered.
he advances.
george dashes out of the house and down the street, as bert grapples with clarence, and they fall to the ground, wrestling.
angle on: gandalf spins around and addresses the soldiers.
ilsa stands just in back of him.
andy kisses scruffy boyfriend nate goodbye as he sits reading in bed.
a freeway full of vehicles of every variety punch through the wall of dust, racing toward the diner.
awkwardness descends again.
she looks down and sees jeep climbing up onto the cliff top as the early morning light spreads across the sky.
hermione, from running out through a door.
his daughters run into his arms.
then he smiles, ever so slightly.
her spell releases the dragon's chains.
sam thudding into a large rock, which saves him from tumbling headlong over the precipice.
dobby's tunic is covered in blood.
gimli's eyes travel to a row of ancient standing stones that mark the entrance to a road leading away from the encampment and into the mountain.
the leeds team jig in a circle on the spot with their right arms raised to the fans.
evelle is pulling a gun out of his belt.
they manage to get into a building.
she notices a movement from the bed.
peter hares across the street and races into the burning building.
benjamin sits with oti, philomena, miss fuller, and daisy.
he's crying hard.
rachel looks to sound o.s.
the crowd supports them and surround the coffin carriage, blocking the attempts of the police to intervene, singing with passion.
and her face is contorted.
he leans across and kisses her.
when the door is opened--outwards, the chair clatters to the floor.
she exits in a huff.
peter blinks slowly and shakes his head.
the beautiful bird stretches its wings.
she stops as she sees something.
attached to it is a wisp of vapor, the memory.
the workmen open a bottle of wine and some is spilled, staining the floor.
john leaves the glass-fronted office with a grin.
chili looks at him.
verdell sits at his chair, fascinated by the speed of his master's fingers on the keyboard.
harry stretches the sword high above his head, reaching for the cup.
open before him is violeta stitch's extreme incantations.
a group of men keep guard outside.
frodo begins to run in blind panic.
she opens her coat and touches her belly.
the dude is slumped disconsolately back in his easy chair, fingers of one hand cupped over his sunglasses.
gittes looks past her to curly, the fisherman from the first scene.
his audience of believers are all completely naked.
ignoring them, walt picks up two metal folding chairs,
spotting an oncoming car, sandy hits the brakes and swerves behind the van.
szpilman pulls his arms and finally manages to get him through.
veronica shoots luis point blank as ashton cowers on the floor by the gurney, then reaches out for the drip support.
as he leaves frame, we stay behind to look inside.
they stop as they find a pool of water on the landing.
harry moves forward cautiously.
he beholds the human lovers then shuffles toward one of the doorways.
he tucks the locket inside his shirt.
he stops between two silver birch trees and watches the teen girl run towards a gray bearded man in a homburg hat, shirt and waistcoat and suit trousers sitting on a log with a little girl in his arms.
the men stand in one line with the ladies opposite them, then briefly touch hands as they move around the other dancers.
the air force personnel shepherds them along.
harry looks into the embers again, but serious his face has gone.
the major looks defeated and depressed by the news.
dante hangs up.
tuvia leaves zus on the ground where he pushed him.
as the train starts to move, harry leans out of the window to wave goodbye.
she carries a small black bag.
david continues to read the paper.
indy's motorcycle pulls up to the main terminal.
we see her, from norman's viewpoint, as she crosses the small office, goes out into the night.
two pairs of feet they count.
gideon turns to the woman behind him and the game resumes.
he toils her around.
peter throws harry across the room.
fabrizio quickly sweeps the winnings into jack's cap.
frodo's eyes flicker open.as if by instinct.
he goes to her and they hug.
every week contains weddings.
then sharpening his look, he picks up the long-focus lens, and easing himself back cautiously, begins watching thorwald.
then, he takes a picture of a young african american boy wedged in a frame.
he regards jack sincerely, then turns his attention to the pamphlet.
al walks up to him.
joe points a finger.
an amalgam of farmers, businessmen, and city employees have been listening with keen interest.
he lunges at michael with the knife.
he pulls open in a drawer and takes out a green-and-black- striped t-shirt.
camille rips off her shirt and stands ready in a stroppy white top as green bounds up the stairs.
harry climbs frantically.
cousin tilly is at her switchboard, and cousin eustace standing beside her.
the massive gun recoils violently as a huge ball of flame erupts from its muzzle.
sam sits down at the piano and starts to play softly, improvising.
jinnah raises his voice deliberately so nehru will hear.
they're lifted into the backs of trucks.
the thick, hewn hedges rise 25 feet on either side.
lynn folds her napkin quietly.
he turns smugly to her.
rose petals float on the surface of the water, obscuring her naked body.
the guard goes to the gatehouse.
outside, hugh gets out of a car.
harry zaps the plantlife and cedric wriggles free.
as she puts something in her drawer, she spots the envelope.
guests can be seen mingling and talking and helping themselves at a buffet table in the living room.
driving, emily glances over at cal awkwardly.
frodo starts to crawl on his hands and knees and hauls himself a few pitiful feet before slumping in the ash.
in bed, laura wakes and answers her phone.
the kid removes his finger.
more cannonballs explode the bielski lines, claiming more victims.
forrest looks down the road as he steps onto the porch.
the man and woman are sitting on a sofa in the foreground with their backs to the camera.
he goes into the living room.
nahari has listened.
she undoes the bolt and opens the door.
they look at him as he stares into the distance.
gatsby and nick walk down steps and across the ornamental terrace, towards the pool.
the ruined school behind them, they stand on the rubble- strewn bridge and gaze ahead.
hanging out of the sidecar, harry runs over the bus and drops back in when the bike returns to the road.
zoe looks sadly down at her doll, as kate goes.
he pauses halfway down, turns, puts his hands on her arms.
he drips juice into his cauldron.
harry hurls a small, golden pumpkin bomb at peter.
it starts down the long, winding road leading away from the trailer, kicking up dust.
ben looks emotional.
as he looks over the parapet, one of the mechanical limbs rears up and throws him off his feet.
they look at old newspaper photos of the basketball team.
inside, watson and sim meet up again.
elliot wraps his arm around hannah; he pulls her towards him affectionately and kisses her on the cheek.
and stays there for a while without moving.
joe tries to respond but he can't, his stammer interrupted by susan.
he attaches two webs over otavious and pulls him
looking up, she sees the statute of liberty towering above.
men and women toting suitcases make their way to the titanic.
he waves to her daughters.
joe does alice's makeup.
now a young man, he carries groceries down a street.
he takes a massive leap between buildings.
as the grandfather steps out the door.
the fireman's face falls,
mary glances, cannot bring herself to smile or make some remark, continues sorting out the deed copies, tries to ignore the man's hot-breath closeness.
the soldier with the dancing girl drags her towards his hut.
ron, harry, and hermione come into the gloomy room and walk slowly between the piles of shattered figures.
he starts for the door.
the car dealer is returning.
a car pulls over to pick her up.
pappy returns a considered appraisal.
the high cheekboned brunette turns around.
she wanders past post and rail fencing surrounding an old oak tree, idly toying with a leafy twig.
bones comes over and lifts his wallet from his back pocket.
on the desk is a framed, tinted photo of evelyn in riding clothes.
as they walk, she hesitantly puts an arm around his waist.
lizzie looks around the other guests while jane and bingley chatter happily together.
walt sits in his living room with daisy, sipping a beer and watching a ball game on tv.
detecting a possible sale, a saleswoman comes over to her.
nick waits in the hall as daisy walks into the room amazed.
they gaze at each other, very still.
for a moment he looks at her sari.
then he is up and running.
he brings out his papers.
he disappears in a spiral of black smoke.
gandhi watches the disappearing car worriedly, then turns and signals the miners on.
he points at herzog, who goes back into the house.
she's unnerved--this is happening too fast.
draco runs for it.
pete rides his bike onto san vicente boulevard.
he stares pensively at his own reflection, then sees an eye that is not his own looking back at him.
david's crossed the road in front of them.
the dragon bursts out after her and explodes destroying the hundreds of decrees that filch has nailed to the wall.
frodo nods.he pats his pocket.
bob and jeep pulls the planks away from the door and open it.
doyle pulling himself to the top of the wall.
bob, kyle and jeep quickly drag gladys's body wrapped in the plastic table cloth a short ways from the diner.
as the innkeeper leads him, a serving boy comes out with tankards full of ale.
the man's clothes fall to the ground, revealing what he really is underneath -- a scaly space bastard, about four-and-a-half feet tall, with a snouth, snail-like tentacles, and independently moving eyes on stalks at the top of his head.
her mouth hangs open, and she and joy do a little dance.
viktor krum gives hermione a kiss and hands her some paper.
banky offers a mocking mimic of his smile.
she fingers her necklace.
one of hannah's boys grabs elliot's arm.
the old man looks terrified.
reggie stops and pauses for a moment at a sign indicating two different directions, an arrow for each.
a black cadillac lurches out of the hospital parking structure and passes the news crews parked outside.
bert looks on.
dreaming of voldemort and the old wand maker, harry stirs and wakes.
terrence stares incredulously.
lindsey pulls on annie's legs and she slides from the window onto the dryer.
he takes the man's reading glasses.
saruman address a crowd of 200 fully armed uruk-hai.
in the basement, graham watches as merrill tentatively reaches the top of the steps and looks around.
she smiles and waves at him.
a sunny afternoon, a white bus stops on a hill at a suburban street, and david gets out still in his security uniform of green jacket and maroon cap and carrying a holdall.
the wall suggests an octagonal perimeter.
mr. white sees this, immediately lets go of mr.
the mood is restless, belligerent.
bilbo lifts his knapsack and heads for the front door.
tall, thick-set mike follows abby to her office.
they weave around a car.
he holds her for another moment, then pulls away and glances at her.
his face contorts as another ominous, dark figure closes in.
elsewhere in the forest ants scurry over a mound of twigs.
a photo of a young david in football gear looks out from another story.
he's holding an uncooked quail in his other hand.
graham watches them turn into a store.
a middle-aged man in a cloth cap emerges from the nearby door.
harry frowns at peter, who stares back flatly.
later, skeeter wanders into the holbrook's kitchen and finds yule mae by the sink.
wilson eyes anheuser who gets up to go.
the machine gunner fires into the treeline.
in the dim twilight we see the neon sign of roadside restaurants and gas stations beginning to blaze on.
harry, ron, and hermione stare at each other -- stunned -- then applaud vigorously.
rose opens her eyes as they row up alongside the ship carpathia.
holmes twists his arm and throws him onto a sofa.
then he swerves the wheel to the right.
a convoy leaves town lead by several military vehicles.
it hangs in the air, pulled by an invisible force.
later, robin later slowly ascends some stairs.
tommy screams and jumps out from the curtain, scaring the hell out of lindsey, who also screams and begins crying.
we tilt to frame him from the waist downward and follow close behind him.
she looks up briefly at jeff.
vincent is striking blatantly sexual poses to the increasingly uneasy simon.
he snaps a clip into the automatic.
desi's hook-up takes her from behind.
he tugs at his shirt.
it reflects the fast approaching ash cloud.
a yellow cab speeds towards him, then skids to a halt.
crowds trudge along the nampan plateau.
and walks over to sue who offers him a glass of clear liquid.
the door opens of his messy, motherless room.
there are squares of the wall's original color where paintings used to hang, the hooks still in the wall.
then pulls the sheet up over him.
the crowd pushes past and enters the bay.
the waitress returns with a mound of food.
sunlight streams in through the damaged window of the great hall.
he bows and exits as laszlo arrives at the table.
his got up in fingers find a loose piece of stone.
steadying himself on the bedpost and holding the door frame, he slowly moves out of the bedroom.
waving his arms, carl swings back and forth beneath the giant, curved bridge supports.
the man accused of being jean valjean, a wretched down-and- out, stands before the judge.
then, he shakes his head and takes his cell phone from the plastic bag.
pete is enraged.
ron pretends to tie his shoelace.
we see the two hundred men of the army, navy and air force drawing the army weapon-carrier that bears the body of gandhi.
he turns around and looks towards the car.
harry disappears from voldemort's sight.
abby glares at him, about to show her true feelings, but then quickly covers.
the memory ends.
he launches the rope, which slips around the horse's neck.
it keeps on coming as we finally.
purvis eyes it and gives a nod.
willie catches his breath and turns to fat ass.
harry steps inside what was once his bedroom and slowly shakes his head.
she goes on.
daisy continues to gaze at gatsby, dewy-eyed.
he fires down and the glass disintegrates.
burton dances on the spot as they shake.
one of the soldiers picks up a discarded super 8 film box and studies it.
he leaves the bed.
he kisses his tattooed bicep.
he shaves.
eddie looks at bert.
bo walks over.
the man in black, still creeping his way upward.
he is catapulted backwards.
marsellus passes out.
asael shoots his prey point blank.
the great eye of sauron seems to leap from the fire.
we are tracking in toward the one window that is illuminated, with a feeble yellow light.
he picks her up in his arms and runs out of the plaza with her.
they get a cab.
both are twice as bloody as they were before.
she quickly scampers off across the lawn.
the light in place, dante descends the ladder and closes it.
ahead of him, a scowling death eater is restraining luna, his wand at her throat.
the taxi pulls up to the curb and stops.
the fire's cut the herd off from open ground, and is funneling them towards the cliff.
the street outside the stadium is empty.
she grabs the other drink off jacob and starts gulping that down.
she balances herself against a headrest as the train rumbles.
as stuart frowns, concerned, abby spasms, then rushes through it as fast as she can.
upstairs, jenny is sorting clothes in her wardrobe.
ben picks up a wastebasket, walks over to the bed, picks up the match and puts it in the wastebasket.
as he nears the door, overmyer stops.
he is opening his door, even though the car is still racing along.
ryan frowns, worried.
easter looks up and sees joe.
as lights begin to decorate the evening cityscape, a taxi drops jane off at the restaurant where guests are gathering for the engagement party.
everett wears a puzzled smile.
trees are reflected in the water's surface.
hermione continues to prowl.
he rises.
he rests his head on his hands on despair then he squats down.
she opens her room door to mrs. hollister.
renault halts for a moment and studies rick.
as richardson walks off, david's gaze returns to elise.
peter slams his fist down on harry's arm, breaking off the blades.
he moves past the upside down cartoons and the upside down talk shows.
she crosses the quiet motel parking lot with a backpack in hand.
cal eyes his wedding ring, then slips it off.
he is full of remorse at his treatment of sam.
lorl is seen peeking out from the kitchen.
reaching the front of the line, norther pulls two pistols out of his coat, firing both into the ceiling.
an unseen elliot and lee carry on a conversation as the camera moves down an aisle, past the rows of books.
jean glances back as she steps up from the toilet seat to the tank.
he finally rushes through the door and out into the street.
zoe looks over at nick, then back down at the spaghetti.
the queen changes the channel and various images appear.
passing under two strings of light bulbs.
a man leans against the refrigerator.
they are aiming at enjolras.
helen turns, and stares at her.
he leaves his motel.
they turn to see a revolving mass of metal speed towards them.
mary slams down on the brake, tries to pull herself together.
and they watch together.
she dives for the gun.
it's the mid-1960's, but by the conservative dress of the passing students, it could be any era.
graham looks up quickly.
then, he steps back with his hands on his hips, admiring them.
a spruced-up watson is standing beside him.
books fly back onto shelves, and a grand piano rights itself.
with a mighty sword blow, the fell-beast's head is severed!
forrest runs up a slope on a high mountain road.
and now charlie understands.
he eyeballs sarah.
harry looks nervously over his shoulder as he hears the sounds of a door.
he pushes past.
lester leans back on the bench and grabs the weights.
dips his finger in and rubs some of the substance on the stitched bullet wound on his chest.
the rifle goes off, shooting a sign on the wall.
kate turns away.
the floor begins to part in the middle, each half sliding under the bleacher seats.
later two men are sawing a log,
the movie then cuts briefly to the computer screen, showing an image of mickey's skull.
and bend down to carry off arkady's lifeless body.
harry scrambles to his feet and looks up at a dark-skinned centaur with a red beard, half man, half horse.
brian sits in the darkness on set, the switched off cameras pointing away from him.
the projective tsunami is spread across the oceans of the world.
lizzie turns away from a mirror.
he kneels over the dying man as his partner drives away.
hagrid and the professors join in the applause.
he smokes a cigarette.
the cafe is full of customers but the atmosphere is much more subdued than previously, the mood is sombre.
the egg glows brightly.
he takes the cassette out of the digicam and inserts another.
peter slams brock against the wall.
she peers in horror through her desert glasses, her net veil blowing in the breeze.
the two walk into the cemetery.
carl, bottle in hand, approaches the table of a middle-aged german couple, the leuchtags.
the dance hut is engulfed in red smoke.
diaz twists the neck of a soldier and stabs him.
peter looks coy.
a couple of people walk by on the street.
harry taps the map and puts out his wand.
he sloppily eats an egg sandwich and sings.
the light in the cupboard comes on.
a man carrying a shotgun enters the auditorium.
john continues to stroke marley's head as the vet takes off the stethoscope and turns away.
a death eater joins lucius.
he is scooped up and out of frame as lenny roars by.
rick takes them.
he kisses trish.
out on the street, andy's smile fades as she see miranda leaving the building.
he pulls down the blind.
fezzik, as he pulls off the holocaust cloak.
will and jenny are still sitting at her table, a pitcher of iced tea between them.
he keeps it out in the air where he had it as he closed his door.
the ghostly horsemen gallop through the great hall.
a beautiful girl wearing skin-tight pants walks by, catching willie's eye.
caroline stands and watches him with a slightly puzzled expression.
below, fantine turns and calls to valjean in his office above with a pitiful cry.
pete leans in, devours the treat, and throws the last bite away.
edward looks around for a beat, seeing if his wife is in earshot.
jeff picks up the phone.
indy climbs into the cockpit of the biplane as henry takes the tail gunner's seat.
his hair grows long and gray and brittle.
he walks over to her,
panicking, dale tidies harken's shower soaps and legs it with the peanuts.
the tree pulls back a branch and thwacks the bird.
slowly laurie crawls around and peeks out of the closet doors.
colin grabs her arm, pulls her close, and gives her a lingering kiss.
he removes his hand from his face.
the goblin throws a line around spider-man's waist and pulls him away behind the glider.
then he looks at alyssa.
the can of beer falls over onto the front seat.
just in time, he turns a neat somersault and catches the remembrall, then tosses it victoriously into the air.
he lays it down on the sand.
her look abruptly locks.
he runs up behind her.
it returns a beat later with the flaming stick, which it drops at edward's feet.
the performers are getting changed.
she smiles and kisses indy passionately.
jeff is still looking toward the salesman's apartment.
lovejoy runs up to the elevator and slams his hands against the grate.
the gathered crowds stare up at the pulsating sphere which is hundreds of feet high.
everything slows down, and all sound fades.
gandalf smiling to himself, well pleased with his joke.
she connects eyes with trish.
the car draws to a halt in a sedate square.
turning the knob counterclockwise, he opens it.
the three children lie on the floor out of the rain shivering in the cold.
he looks into the back seat as the car bounces and slows on the gravel shoulder.
she nods ok.
with an angry glare at rambo, lewis returns to the prow of the boat and continues his belligerent surveillance.
in a classroom, students are working quietly at long tables.
suddenly lt. dan holds up his fist, a signal for the unit to stop.
the small boat pulls out of the shadow of the huge liners evacuating the town.
he bolts into the hall.
a jewish policeman grabs szpilman by his collar and pulls him back out of the police cordon.
joseph, his fringe hanging to his eyebrows, gazes down at david, who looks around at the weights on the ends of the bar.
forrest sits eating a sandwich, watching the news of the assassination attempt.
the tourist, complete with camera, beret and guide book, looks up from his coffee, surprised.
gandalf's staff is suddenly wrenched from his grasp.it flies across the chamber into saruman's hand!
later, tony sits in the backseat of a car which is driving down a motorway at daytime.
he walks into the room.
he emerges with salim through exhaust fumes on pila street at night.
she moves past eddie, who is cornered by a chic blonde in a low-cut dress
david nods abstractedly as the crimson stain quickly spreads.
outside, gatsby follows daisy through a gate.
harry enters, clutching a bouquet of flowers.
lilka, bella and riva are with tamara and her baby.
soldiers jump off the back and run after asael who's haring across a field.
the queen looks at the vehicles from an upstairs window.
he speaks with an uncertainty and tentativeness that he had lost in south africa, patently overwhelmed by the reception.
fezzik just stands there, kind of taking in the scenery.
a pirate brandishes a pistol.
he closes his book.
lee is walking down the street, looking around her.
a rifle shot kicks up dust in front of the men.
softly, in time with the drums, the watching people begin to sing.
the front porch is shrouded in darkness.
mrs. robinson's face appears in the crack in the door at elaine's shoulder.
sidney leaves, then steps back in.
sandman rises up like a walking giant as a group of cops take aim.
merry's sword bursts into flame and his arm is shot with pain.
a boy recognizes him.
he strides across the landing, opens the door to the children's room and glances around.
police cars are parked around.
the children scream and cling to their father.
and caroline stands in the road, waving her arms above her head.
ben enters the center and goes to a blonde middle-aged woman on the reception desk.
they finish their little dance, laughing.
a sailboat is moored.
jamal takes a deep breath and raises his eyes upwards.
he touches a hand to the police cruiser, activating all its systems.
forrest dries himself off with a towel as he steps from the showers.
after a moment of resistance, she melts into his arms.
cedric's face looms out of the darkness sweating with fear.
bilbo disappears into the kitchen as gandalf looks around.enjoying the familiarity of bag end.he turns, knocking his head on the light and then walking into the wooden beam.
jane suddenly finds ricky standing in front of her.
holmes licks the red stain.
jimmie tosses them each a towel, which they rub furiously across their bodies.
he tears the tape from his face and hides under his desk.
as harry edges up against his pillow, we see a nurse in the b.g., removing the spokes of an umbrella from a hufflepuff player's neck.
the women are watching from behind the blankets, but mother hurries towards szpilman.
octavius eases the final girder securely it into position.
rose lays her hand on the pillow behind her head.
willie applies a stethoscope to the safe, tapping with one hand and listening intently.
lynn pushes the fabric open with her fingers and sees deep fingernail like scratches on his skin.
the man puts his card back in his pocket.
debbie is talking to a hockey player named jay who is twenty- four and cute.
gorbag falls dead.
jenny takes a last look at forrest, then climbs into the truck.
staying close by her love, the dancer brings her fingers to her lips then lays them over her heart.
as harry's eyes wander, lupin snaps his fingers, brings his attention back.
his grandfather hears in his cell.
mad-eye appears and quickly turns malfoy into a ferret.
zoe returns the hug that kate has given her.
they both look up at the fading love heart.
sarah finds michael with another patient who lies on the floor of the hut.
the main factory woman snatches the letter away from fantine.
he flips up and somersaults, landing on a rooftop flagpole by the fluttering stars and stripes.
he scowls at his drunken son-in-law and walks off.
the football coach looks at an assistant coach.
and walks inside.
valjean is attacked outside.
walt marches back to his house.
three dark-shaded gentlemen step out of the car.
he turns and stares at the minivan.
michael clasps his hand against gabriel's cheek.
whip stands in a dark suit and watches the procession pass.
the children are gathered together at a window.
ryan picks up a photocopied booklet.
hit by a stone, the snake turns and looks over the edge of the stairs.
ryan screws up the piece of paper and throws it in the bin.
the nurse rounds the bed to daisy's iv drip.
the plain of gorgoroth lies 1000 feet below, wrapped in fume and shadow.
still dressed in a tuxedo, cal walks down a staircase onto the lower deck.
the music stops.
he sees the shadowy figure approaching through the smoke.
he stares intently at her.
the bear looks at him.
kevin's expression freezes.
their eyes are closed, their face is blank.
a small, distant form is moving slowly up the track toward them.
sidney plonks the fishbowl down on the bar.
she wears blue and gold shoes, a flouncy purple and pale blue dress with frills, and a hat to match.
thelma hangs up the phone.
he is thin, in his thirties, with long stringy blond hair.
everything fails.
the kid just stares, motionless except for the flowing rivulet of snot.
suddenly, gandalf turns and looks toward him.
graham opens a battered metal toolbox resting on a picnic bench.
clothes are everywhere.
jenny follows.
he recoils as she spits in his face.
the kid steps forward and kicks marcus in the crotch, doubling him up.
he rushes franz but draws up short as franz sends out karate kicks, his leather pants squeaking and popping.
when they reach the edge the two men stand awkwardly for a beat.
as he turns in his chair the camera pulls back slowly.
the blonde leaves.
frodo gasps, his face lighting up with hope.
a german truck crawls on a snowy track.
she takes the manuscript.
peter in his mortarboard and gown stands awkwardly.
barbara fitts sits at the kitchen table, staring off into space.
rick saunters over and leans on the bar, next to yvonne.
the bike's jackbooted rider casually tools around the hole once; police step back and dogs skitter away to give him room.
valjean hauls javert to his feet and marches him to a dark corner.
tuvia glances at asael and walks off.
they clasp hands, and holmes leads a shambling watson towards the church.
elliot enters, wearing a robe, crossing the room in the dark.
alex goes.
the shooters leaning on the roofs of the shelters scan the horizon.
fleur senses that something is wrong.
lynda hears laurie's hello as the ghost grabs the phone.
despite the chaos around them, howard continues to videotape the events in front of him.
lester, wearing a mr.
a huge explosion rips the bridge apart.
everett and the boys, still singing, exchange bemused looks.
whispered, at speed.
professor trelawney stands in the courtyard, looking devastated.
jenny nods, tight-lipped, and the doctor withdraws with a sympathetic smile of apology.
he is almost talking to himself now, like a man unable to prevent a sure disaster.
then there are footsteps growing louder along the balcony and keyes walks slowly into the shot.
she goes.
we are floating in over the field, abutting the prison, that gale and evelle popped out of.
david and april sit in the front seat; holly sits scrunched up in back, her head slightly forward.
he's hypnotizing.
gandalf gallops down the winding labyrinthine streets on shadowfax against the flow of fleeing soldiers.
there are row upon row of the weapons his father once used.
purvis pauses on his way out and faces dillinger.
harry unfurls it.
she recognizes gittes again and is not happy to see him.
gittes continues to look around.
sylvie jumps up and rushes next door into her booth, shutting the door after her.
they head back to the counter.
inside, peter pulls back the door and slugs the startled scobie full on the jaw.
they begin to go down again and the sergeant wheels his horse and rides at gandhi.
and answers the phone on the landing.
holding his dog, he looks at sarah.
the truck with the bumper sticker drives into an intersection.
the giant wipes away a tear.
a shell strikes the house and the blast knocks the boys to the ground.
a man opens his front door to the maintenance man now in an orange t-shirt.
as he leaves, harry turns to ron and hermione.
berniscki and the two young men with him go back to their car.
everyone turns to look at him.
melvin walks back into the apartment and is about to close the door when simon has another burst of bravery.
she passes the driveway and scurries into the neighbor's backyard, up to the back door of the house.
sue is helped to a chair by her mother and grandma.
he grabs the hat, slams it into willie's chest and, as willie rises, kicks him in the ass.
as the lift doors open, he cocks the automatic and calmly slips it into the waistband of his trousers in the small of his back.
he plunges down into the murky, green waters, then begins to swim with long, effortless strokes.
ilsa seems unnerved.
harry looks up at fawkes.
swings it out in front of her body like a shield, as the knife is driven down.
bond rides onto the quay, and clocks the guard in a floral shirt, carrying a sub-machine gun.
she steps back, leaving gideon holding the orange, foolishly, under his chin, his eyes still closed.
the gangster spits at his tormentor.
more co-workers step out and include sandy in a circle.
he dumps his bag on a chair and presses play on his answer phone.
we stay on will and his father for a long time, then will takes his pen and starts making a list.
a man falls off the vehicle.
after a second, he enters.
a tear drops down alice's face, though joe can't see that.
irritated, abby begins to compulsively remake her bed.
slowly, hermione's hand falls onto ron's shoulder and camera falls with her, continuing down the length of ron's arm to his hand, where a drop of blood hangs from his finger, drops like a tear.
his hands sweep dust and expose concrete.
aerial on: strider leading frodo, sam, merry, and pippin across the windswept moors.
mr. orange looking from left to right.
she looks up as reggie enters.
the snowy owl spreads her wings and flies away into the night sky.
he takes a plastic-covered squirt gun off a display rack and drops it on the counter.
he steps away, leaving his phone on the table.
elsewhere, a steward, holding two life belts hurries toward the grand staircase.
graham is now in the room.
remaining expressionless, klaatu walks towards them.
inside, a handsome, muscular guy is wrapping a towel around his waist.
still on the dead run, hi is flinging the carton of huggies.
he gets up and goes out.
in a meeting, carl sits staring at the table.
nitti summons a breath, squinting in the sunlight.
he opens the front door.
bilbo.a strange hum seems to fill his head.
she's bleeding.
later, he struts and jives down the street like one of john travolta in saturday night fever.
he crouches down, beside harry.
they are a series outside a restaurant showing mulwray with another man whose appearance is striking.
javier pulls his gun.
behind the glass lies the folder of matches.
the giant's voice has such force, it blows edward's hair back.
harry gets into the back of his chauffeur driven limo and is driven away, leaving peter standing helplessly on the pavement.
evan focuses on lenny, but it's hard to ignore the crowd that titters and snickers in the background.
she pulls her knees in toward her chest to keep her pelvis raised.
he grabs percy.
it crawls across her cheek without her reacting in the least.
he backs away from them,
ba and an ashramite woman squat by the river, washing clothes.
she comes out then, dressed in a silk kimono.
barbara fitts stands at the stove, flipping bacon strips mechanically, her eyes focused elsewhere.
everett is haunted.
she hurries towards the house.
consider lupin uncertainly.
the protective cover is unsealed.
mozart lies asleep in the bed, holding the last pages of the manuscript.
indy sees that the cross is about to be swept overboard.
hermione sees harry rubbing his head.
he is smoking his cigarette and staring at the ceiling.
joe follows.
lizzie and jane rush out to meet it.
with that, the carriage pulls away, and lydia leans out of the window to wave a cheery goodbye to her family.
the camera stays on his face as he looks off into the distance, mouthing indistinctly the line of poetry lee next reads.
the woman looks back at ron; she gestures with disgust.
from where he lies prone.
juno flashes her best jazz hands.
she calls nate.
he sighs.
now, pete's doctor snaps on a latex glove as pete leans over a table.
a band-aid on his forehead and dressed in a suit.
all attention is on melvin.
they separate to allow a couple to move between them.
he inputs the code and they slide open.
as leopold glares furiously about him, the actress succeeds in getting constanze's wig firmly onto his head.
she glugs back some beer, spilling some over her blouse, and swerves the car.
the camera pans farther left to the salesman's apartment.
words appear
grenades thrown, machine-gun fire exchanged.
the high-pitched drone is becoming less faint under the singing.
taylor stops cold.
the old man and klaatu sit facing each other.
with a woeful expression, he opens his eyes and shifts them thoughtfully.
in the door to the bedroom stands don.
szalas shrugs, finds the vodka, pours two glasses.
the room is filled with people moving backwards very fast.
he looks down at a plain, upright gravestone.
don bends so that she can kiss him on the cheek.
bob lowers the gun.
harry and hermione shoo buckbeak along, disappear into the forest.
the studio audience turn to look at him.
merrill gazes apprehensively down at cunningham, then laughs.
norman osborne is on the phone.
he scratches notes out with his quill, and ruffles his hair - which we see without a powdered wig.
he steps toward the computer with wide eyes.
louise careens back onto the road.
she places a hand on chuck's shoulder.
he notices at the bottom of the mirror the letter b has been written in the condensation.
annie turns toward the slightly open door.
as brett talks, jules takes out his gun and shoots roger blowing him out of his chair.
crestfallen, ron lowers his hand.
gideon goes to open it.
cal opens a box containing the heart of the ocean.
alerted by the applause, howard goes in to record mode.
faramir, sword in hand, remains at the rear, trying desperately to fend off the deadly assault.
the maitre d' bringing the champagne glasses passes mary jane as she storms out.
he stops the cab.
two bold giants swing between pronged weapons and knock people flying.
the black rider turns and departs.
the kid's eyes open and his gloved hands touch his face.
now, she enters the motel room and puts sandy's belongings back on the dresser.
he remains staring out of the window.
a tv broadcast shows a mayan temple.
nick removes his apron.
brian looks apprehensive as he watches the team warm up.
in a shabby elevator, kate clutches a copper saucepan wrapped in a tea towel.
they wait for children to cycle past.
they cling on, desperately.
he scurries out of the studio with david jogging after them.
her hands go down to the railing of the fire escape, gripping it fiercely.
forrest holds his stomach and burps.
lying on the ground, lockhart smiles vacantly.
elise goes to him and takes his hand.
murdoch faces the collapsible and finds himself staring at his mate, who gazes ahead.
camera dollies across an empty cabin to discover reggie in the third one, on the phone.
a chair is dragged across a stone floor.
it is dallas.
he slits it open, dumps it into the bathtub, and turns on the shower.
jacob gets off his bar stool and soldiers out.
a colleague calls over.
spider and one of his sidekicks come out of a house and walk over to the honda, which is parked by the curb.
the hall almost filled, she reaches for a third rose bush and places it into the hall.
reggie and sylvie appear, their conversation continuing.
she looks up and sees herself in a heart-shaped video screen above the scoreboard, the kiss cam.
ben is lying face down on an examination table.
lynda gets out of bed.
shocked, she spills her drink in colin's lap.
various shots of military busses stopping -- soldiers ordering and assisting people onto vehicles -- carrying all the belongings they can.
they leap onto the dragon's back.
a woman's voice is heard and jeff seems a little puzzled at the sound of it.
harry throws a stone and hits the werewolf on the back of the head.
ba comes and sits down on the bed beside him, maneuvering so that she can get at the bandage.
a smart convertible pulls up at a car valeting serviced by the beach.
instead, he watches in wide-eyed horror as a snake slithers across his lap.
in reality, the two men are still standing face to face.
jody stumbles back in the room, hanging back from the action.
tousle-headed john picks up the little pup.
ron grabs a chicken drumstick in each hand and takes a bite from each one in turn.
carrying the box of pastries, he walks upstairs to an apartment.
taylor gets on the radio.
reaching past her, he lifts a cover to reveal a sword, strapped to the side of the saddle of her.
suddenly, in action, as george stands with his arms outstretched in illustration, the picture freezes and becomes a still.
her father and mother sit up in bed as the daughter runs into their room.
she throws the keys to him.
another garland is wrapped around gandhi's shoulders, and in some embarrassment, he mounts the platform.
zus snatches it from him and climbs out of the truck.
she turns the book over.
the mimeograph smashed.
sydney turns his back on the second woman, who's pretty with flaxen hair.
gittes leans against the back of his car, breathing heavily.
he looks towards o.s.
harry half carries the stupefied dudley to number four privet drive.
peter pettigrew's footprints move erratically across the map.
the main highway south to minas tirith.he looks toward the saw toothed mountains of mordor.
to harry's surprise, the bricks in the wall start to move.
both men look interrogatively to delmar.
up above, peter drops the tube he was carrying, his expression numb.
his foot kicks out and accidentally hits a metal grill that operates a secret door.
spinning, snape twists his black cloak around himself and swirls up towards the high window.
carl comes out of the kitchen carrying the empty warming oven.
he nods again.
they walk past a window bay, where draco sits alone, deep in thought.
it waves its vine-like tentacles.
he falls 10 stories, landing on some metal.
benjamin rises to his feet and enters a hospital ward where he strolls past bed-bound patients.
fergus suddenly stands and makes his way to the door.
aragorn leads his horse through the tents towards the dimholt road.
rose's eyes pop open.
she throws another.
he runs to the gnn outside broadcast van and enters the gallery.
and darcy turns back to the window, poker-faced.
he opens his hands against her face, freeing her hands.
bo's face creases as she begins to sob.
sadiki emerges from an apartment building.
he is a big, dumb bruiser, six feet three inches tall -- a dirty work shirt and corduroy pants, rough, untidy hair, broad face, small piggish eyes.
ben enters a crowded waiting room full of women and children.
dillinger smacks him in the head with his pistol and points it in his face.
he tips it upside down, and its little umbrella falls to the floor.
they go to the bar.
the camera moves on much farther to the left, and eventually comes to rest on the newly-weds' apartment with the shade still drawn.
she slaps the check down on the table and walks back toward the kitchen, passing jeep and bob.
she turns suddenly, sensing our presence.
when he turns we see that his face is wet with sweat from the dry heaving and his hands and arms are quivering and he cannot stop them.
a casually-dressed andy is sitting in a coffee shop reading a newspaper.
eddie finishes up with yet another combination shot.
an undertaker places the jar of buttons on thomas's stomach.
then, turns off the video and switches off the light.
he pulls away from her.
jordan appears with teddy in tow.
homer stokes is mortified.
a joyful zoe leaves the trio to their breakfasts and passes back around the corner of the restaurant, acknowledging an elderly man who considers a leaflet.
the milk float drives off.
she leans up against a tree and watches in terror as it tears at the food stock with its sharp teeth.
hermione suddenly stops.
sandra backs away from them, moving toward the front door.
gimli falls backwards, staring in disbelief at the ring.unharmed!
vanessa sinks down on the stairs and gazes unhappily into space.
as he goes, he tosses the overcoat on the empty cot next don.
an elderly couple lies in bed as water streams beneath them.
his face unflinching, peter unties the two fasteners keeping the pizzas together, one after the other.
yuri overlooks the arc
they walk down the street, down from the brothel-cum-club, where there is a cafe-bar with some tables outside.
a giant arm, pounding the eel unconscious in one move, then easily lifting buttercup.
hi is shaking his head.
the car chase is still on.
a teenage boy throws another rock as a pickup truck pulls up behind him.
she frees herself.
he looks over at a pitcher on the nightstand.
hi shrugs, then flinches as a piece of jello hits his shoulder.
an elderly black man sits at a table in the courtyard, sketching.
finally, henry becomes aware of his presence.
the reward posters of harry, undesirable number one are pasted on the walls.
her hands on her lap, she sits down next to her nephew on the bed.
he stops in front of the stage and looks up at mary jane.
as she steps off the stage, the guests make way for her.
she is blindfolded.
uri stares up at the lowering gate.
he holds it for a moment, then lifts his eyes in doubt and sudden fateful apprehension.
lizzie's brow furrows into her frown.
some kids throwing a baseball back and forth across a couple of front lawns.
he pulls off his wig and tosses it to a waiter.
pete rolls his eyes.
they brandish long truncheons.
there's a large crowd gathered, the pupils are going home.
in the wall above the couch, close to the door, there is a hole in the plaster, as if left by a large nail carelessly withdrawn so that some of the plaster went with it.
close shot -- desk drawer (from above) as it is pulled open.
as they step away from the railing, cal grabs lovejoy's gun from its holster, then runs toward the stairs.
he is feeling quarts of milk for coldness and examining their expiration dates.
he sits, then immediately stands up again.
tuvia addresses two women in the room.
lee smiles at the various people, exchanging greetings.
he leaves the room.
the two young people look at each other.
there is a patch of blood under the body.
benjamin is in his dressing gown.
he steadies himself, the basilisk fang in his hand.
the light hardly passing beyond the first few rows of woody green stalks.
lee walks into the living room, turning her head back for a moment to talk to the child she has just hugged.
forrest looks left as he continues telling his life story.
emily glimpses him.
her mom leads her down the street.
the german captain and the guard have disappeared.
the audience at their tables watch him, some with smiles of pleasure.
he goes back into his room.
neff is just closing the door from the inside.
suddenly he whirls, eyes still closed, and the sword strikes home dead center into a knot and-- nothing.
toilets are scattered on the yard.
keyes, his coat off, is lying on his office couch, chewing on a cigar, as usual.
but then, there is a vacuum whump, like all the air in the immediate area being sucked into a space the size of a dime, and a tremendous shock wave rolls out from the barrel of the guns.
he puts the letter in to hedwig's beak.
andrews, smith, and others study the blueprint.
the tail of the army jacket is glimpsed before it disappears.
the pullman conductor and porter stand at the steps.
marcus pushes the cart through the store, gathering an odd array of items that range from furs to gowns to shoes to makeup.
he rises, and drags fergus out the door.
nick's face edges towards kate's, and this time he kisses her fully on the lips.
he watches somberly as on screen, his mother picks him up and plays with him in the garden.
she marches over to a clearing under a tree, bounded by two small stone benches, then turns to lizzie.
skeeter looks away troubled.
they sit opposite one another, squirming in uncomfortable silence.
and look at some war photographs.
phyllis stands in the doorway, her lips white.
smoke from lenny smalls' cheroot ripples up through the light.
it's a mess with a mattress falling off the bed.
we push brandt down the familiar marble hallway.
annie pounds on the ceiling with a broom.
he lets out a big sigh.
then she makes her way across the room.
he watches him for a beat.
next morning, harry and ron are late for class.
he steps into a compartment.
they both clamber into a classroom.
a tiny, silvery breath floats back into sirius' mouth and his chest heaves.
he hurls a stone into the water, distraught.
and he gallops off.
upstairs, dil closes the window shut.
she becomes silent.
she settles into a folding, canvas deck chair.
she unlocks the door and opens it, stands beside it for a few seconds then closes it again.
bo shrugs and pours it into the bowl.
holmes stares intently at the pack and places a finger on his forehead.
fergus holds the gun.
as it settles on peter's hand, mary jane's friend calls to her.
she stands in the middle of the lot, feeling like a shooting target.
aragorn leaping from the leading ship and charging across the docks, roaring at the top of his lungs!
a waiter addresses the kitchen.
now the ledge indy lies upon begins to break apart.
parents sit at the table with their children.
yule mae, standing next to aibileen, spots her.
carl shuts his door with a worried expression.
she lies on the ground, staring slightly.
the biker roars out of frame.
the italian delegate is speaking.
those bastards never stop running.
the bullet pierces the back of dillinger's skull and exits through his cheek, spewing blood and tissue.
holmes retrieves sim's bag and rene's letter.
thao goes.
drover hangs his head as nullah clings to the body.
out of the shot the gun explodes once, twice.
hermione grins and they start to move a little more imagistically.
inez, who has straggly hair, remains blank.
the flare ricochets through the cabin, lighting it up like the fourth of july!
nick turns to daisy.
carl puts up shelves at tillie's.
she flings her bag on a table, and it hits a box which falls and scatters its contents.
the smoke within the crystal suddenly darkens.
his car door is opened.
he dials a number.
in a t-shirt and boxers, the man lumbers over to the bed and lightly touches her arm.
the crowd is in uproar.
daisy arches her back slightly as their lips meet in a slow kiss.
he looks desperate.
indistinctly visible through the semi-reflective glass are two figures at the check-out island.
a target is painted on its chest.
rising from the floor.
he's carrying an antique bench in his arms.
as another lawman handcuffs him, billie runs out wearing a towel.
she straightens up then moves gracefully towards him, her arms waving above her head.
rick closes the door to the office, then goes over to close the safe.
slighted, eleanor gives him a piercing look and stomps off.
his firmness doesn't restore kinnoch's normal aplomb.
sparks fly; then the bullet pings against the window and ricochets once more, this time passing through the tank driver's hat.
ryan aims the digital camera.
mrs. martini crosses herself.
the trolley stops, and the girl jumps off.
kayleigh, repulsed, suddenly darts from the aisle and runs out.
someone appears at a window.
they come into the spacious parquet floored hall.
they have now reached the door.
professor trelawney takes the cup, peers inside, and grasps.
janus freezes, terrified.
uncle billy and ruth continue out of shot.
diana blinks her moist eyes.
they all take a drink.
on the back of the boat, nullah turns and looks up at a priest.
as she complies.
the two of them crawl on the floor, peering underneath the cubicles.
he returns to the stage.
pippin turns away, his sorrow etched on his young.
sarah gives bert a look.
the salesman has his aluminum case on the table near the center of the room.
ben starts back up the stairs.
jane and angela are watching mtv.
frodo turns back the pages, revealing: there and back again -- a hobbit's tale, by bilbo baggins.
gavroche hands valjean a pistol.
merry sits up, a worried look on his face.
swimming a few yards away, jack stares at the man, then turns toward rose.
he glances up at a lit tower nearby, then moves off.
he winces.
upstairs, harry reaches a dingy bedroom.
a woman stumbles and falls into the water.
bn is at the wheel, dressed as a soldier.
panicked, lester scurries down the hall.
jenny goes to sit on the stairs.
jeff quickly puts the glasses up.
ray clutches the steering wheel tightly, turning his knuckles a yellow white.
the sun rises behind the towers and turrets of hogwarts school.
the rain is a bit heavier now.
stunned, watson stares blankly as they disappear from view then closes his eyes.
whip takes a large swig before the setting the bottle on a table and entering the bedroom.
carry it to the side of the road
he swings the brolly, and the corsac drops down.
graham acknowledges with a nod that he did have a tone.
the carton rockets straight at the camera.
don walks into the house.
a cameraman flashes a picture, and someone begins to applaud; it is taken up here and there, tepidly.
walt lights a cigarette, as the modified honda cruises slowly by.
the spectators duck as the players swoop low over their heads.
sitting in front of a computer screen, ryan puts on a headset.
skeeter goes on.
all of a sudden a look of shocked realization comes over thelma's face.
it heads straight towards the ground.
the waiter pulls the table away for him.
george looks up, surprised.
also raising his voice at the offscreen bellower.
sylvie points to reggie.
he seems dissatisfied until a brand new cadillac chirps.
as they walk into class, the teacher pulls debbie aside.
a series of people standing in various locations throughout the convenience store, asking truly dumb questions.
inside, purvis enters the hallway and raises his gun.
watching, kara smiles.
harlan slowly raises his hands in the air, and thelma darts out, pulling her dress down.
all three of them see agent janus, standing just over the rise, staring in frozen amazement.
he looks at it hopelessly.
carl frowns and looks up over elaine's shoulder at ben.
face set grimly, he's now on the same roof as his target.
fabrizio snatches the tickets and dances.
the girl's father, mr. collins, a thin man in his late twenties, is seated on the reading chair next to a t.v.
thompson halts, glances at his aides plan book, and rushes off.
two old cronies sit in front of a barber shop and watch.
larry's triplets attack the cake and lick the frosting tuning pegs.
the table is filled with cans of brushes and artist's equipment.
back home, john lets marley off the leash.
he stares into her eyes and nods.
rose sits on a bench with a blanket wrapped around her, hooding her hair and head.
the group, including ruth dakin.
hoffman takes a call from ferris, who walks with bassam.
harry takes off his glasses and puts them on the map on his bedside table.
the cabin itself is ripped away; the soggy bottom boys are knocked off their feet and all is noise and confusion.
she pours herself a glass of tea.
time seems to slow down as barnes spots the tragedy about to happen.
gandhi stands with ba and charlie among the third class passengers.
rose kisses jack.
holden starts drawing.
they join a short queue of people checking in.
javier relents and leaves veronica in the elevator, then touches his stomach in the corridor.
baby face turns his back to the vehicle as its glaring headlights draw closer.
the snitch is too fast for draco's grasping fingers.
peter lets himself into his apartment.
he is very tired.
diana enters the foxhole.
she outlines her groin and chest.
as taylor leaves, barnes spots him on the monitor.
she smiles as he squeezes his eyes tightly shut.
as he crashes back down to earth in the foreground and roars away.
a towering bastion of natural rock -- shaped like a sharp ship's prow -- bisects the city from the 2nd level to the.
red remains seated at dillinger's side.
andy does her bidding.
gin eats an orange.
louise has tears streaming down her face as she realizes there is absolutely no escape.
gollum grimaces in distaste as he pulls out the lembas bread.
there are canvas slippers on his feet.
jacob checks his watch and shrugs.
past a tempting lure, sparkling in the sun.
fedora is mystified, frustrated and angered.
keeping their heads low, the three of them scurry across to one building, and then sneak towards the police station building flying the nazi flag.
josephine leaves, heading down the hall to get her camera.
great siege towers and catapults are rolling across the pelennor fields.
the witch king screeches angrily, draws his sword, and leads the ringwraiths across the ford.
a bright camera flashes, rita skeeter the journalist approaches.
dudley sits spluttering in the pond, as the snake slithers over the wooden rail and down onto the floor beside harry.
ben holds the receiver to his ear.
harry and his mother come out of the kitchen, harry carrying a pie in each hand and balancing one on his head.
over at the fence, the ltd comes to a looooong, skidding stop at the fairgrounds.
in his confusion george steps on the end of the belt of mary's bath robe, which is trailing along behind her.
the dogs milling around the hole also react, snapping to attention, a split second after the biker.
she freezes as men approach, one carrying a woman.
and harry steps inside the bus.
laurie sees bob's car parked in front of the house.
then they shift to indy's face -- and they light up even more.
abby leans closer to see colin start flossing, wearing only a towel.
a spider biting peter parker.
a huge, golden galleon rises majestically to the surface, water spilling from its decks.
it is a spooky place.
vincent takes out his case of the works (utensils for shooting up).
he flings it out the window.
mr. bingley escorts the sisters proudly through the gathered guests,
one of the soldiers looks along the tree.
soldiers watch a colleague using a flamethrower.
-- a huge silver shadow bursts from the end of his wand, hovering between him and the dementor.
ben resumes reading.
sam, hidden in a rock crevice, as shock sweeps across his face.
she points to a balding man wearing a jacket and tie sitting alone.
we see him pause at the foot of the stairway, look up at the bedroom door just at the head of the stair.
gorbag is snatching for the mithril vest.
later she is at the office.
she stares at him, surprised at his willingness to continue the affair on her terms, as girls are so often surprised when they discover men will continue to want them even after the sexual bait has been pulled in.
she helps both brides with their dresses as they sit on their toilets.
mary has to force herself to look away.
queenie raises her brows and stares at him.
dr. john watson, the man who was seated at the typewriter, limps along the pavement, a cane in his right hand.
everyone looks around as julie walks down the aisle, arm-in -arm with jim's uncle.
gittes nods, walks on in.
lee, wearing jeans and carrying an armful of books, is running up a broad set of steps in the sunlight, greeting other students as she passes.
he rolls down the stairs.
she has her face turned away, but sees him in the mirror.
the noise of the engines is deafening, but edward is engrossed in an asian phrasebook.
the tower rises up behind javert to a spire with a cross on top.
the sky is dark with ominous clouds.
from behind the biker's head as he rides through the night.
sam looks down at frodo.
thao wanders along by a high chain link fence, browsing through a book.
jenny's dad runs through the field searching for jenny with a liquor bottle in his hand.
he bows in greeting.
abby glares at him, but she can't stop him.
the door opens again.
elsa reaches up and pulls him back down to her.
celia bursts barefoot through the door with a cheery wave.
he pulls off the edge of the floor they are on and dangles in space.
jeep takes a claw hammer off a hook.
she and harry disapparate through the window.
a fleeting smile passes between them.
wearing a long, white coat and a russian hat, high master karkaroff greets dumbledore.
shocked, she strikes at him.
the woman loses her balance.
a point of a finger from richardson telekinetically lifts a floor tile, tripping david.
cole looks down at his lap.
snape raises his wand.
it sounds casually ironic, but they look determined, even angry.
when the bills are away, she puts the filled envelope in her handbag, notices the remaining deed copies on her desk, picks them up, goes to the private office door, knocks, starts to open door as.
he turns on pippin.
sidney makes eye contact with lawrence and waves.
finally, judy knocks punch out of sight and a puppet wearing a three-cornered hat appears.
lester opens his beer and starts toward the family room.
later hiding in some woodland with zus and benzion by his side.
the policemen just sit like stone -- confident, sure, immune to rhetoric.
a man has his head partially blown away.
the groaning of the door ends with the wood around its knob splintering and the knob itself falling out onto the floor.
joe backs up as the creature turns fast and speeds away.
a heavy man with a goatee walks into the hospital.
cole runs at full speed down the street and turns the corner.
in his motel, ben sits on the edge of the bath, staring down.
last, three young poles, carrying long objects wrapped in newspaper.
one is beating on it with a large stick, another sits on the hood pulling back one of the windshield wipers, etc.
george is walking slowly past the hatch home.
she lifts his leg and places the cushion under it.
bo comes into the dining room and taps graham on the arm.
will almost speaks again to fill the silence.
he approaches the heavyset general with the bushy mustache.
harry consults his list.
klaatu gently takes jacob in helen's hand in his.
they drive on across a flat, dusty plain.
david changes gear.
an assistant coach looks at the television, then at the other coaches.
louise slowly gets to her feet.
on the tv screen the door opens to reveal a sallow-faced man in blue cover-alls.
a man in a frock coat carries a brown paper package under his right arm.
the frayed end of gwarp's rope lies on the ground.
another version of himself pops a champagne cork.
she follows their instructions and stashes the dry cleaning in the closet on the left.
we only hear a strange, rhythmic shuffling, pierced by an occasional wail of grief.
balding, brown-suited richard stands as mrs. kowalski leads alison to sydney's bedroom.
graham turns the page.
she checks her notebook.
willie glares and throws the board in the air.
jenny fills customer's coffee cups.
with eyebrows raised, he regards jamal.
this man turns a key in the door and then stands away.
nullah winces at the sight and stands alone, facing the stampede, on the cliff edge.
she's lying on her side, blonde hair spread over an assortment of coats.
jenny and two other girls sing on the sidewalk and collect change from the passersby.
charlotte, her own eyes welling, covers her mouth with her hand, seeing skeeter's unhappiness.
the panzerfaust fires.
christy has wandered off.
cole has to pee.
neff gets up from his desk.
smeath, scowling, wipes his mouth and turns to the door of his own office.
kevin looks down a street past a shop and up the steps to jane's building.
holly chuckles and turns to look at more records.
ignoring sidney she opens a book and starts to read.
szpilman exchanges looks with a pretty whore, who makes eyes at him.
marcus starts in ladies' accessories, finding the cashmere scarf.
they both stare at the weight.
bemused, professor trelawney gazes at harry.
does she really mean it?
they sheath their swords.
the white horse speeds out of the pine trees.the 4 ringwraiths close behind pan onto: 2 more ringwraiths galloping down the hillside!
roscoe rushes forward and gives fedora the box.
draco glances up and sees his briefcase move slightly on the luggage rack.
she answers the phone.
the planetarium with its suspended glass curtain wall stands 95 foot high.
brackett bends down to it.
he holds it stretched below willie's chin.
alison joins them on the sofa.
a woman in grecian style robes held aloft a shining torch.
as he climbs the stairs, we can see him growing up with every step.
louise comes out of the bathroom as the next woman goes in.
dillinger lowers his handgun and punches shouse in the face a couple of times.
she puts down her bag, reaches for the binoculars, takes them out the case.
the brightly lit boat cruises downriver.
elliot frantically looks around again; then, in a burst of decision, he runs around a garbage dump, crossing the street, and still running, he moves down an adjacent street, past the canal lumber company and several other buildings, as the film cuts back to lee, walking down a different street, oblivious.
brian's eyes drift away as he frowns.
david watches her disappearing into the crowd.
gandhi looks around helplessly.
hearing a noise from the hall, he looks up from his book to see trunks being moved,
a missed truck smashes into a petrol station and explodes.
frost appears on the petals and the flower immediately dies.
michael greets and talks to the merchant, who points to rambo.
the broom tips up and sends him somersaulting over on to the grass.
hoffman puts a photograph on the table.
to harry's horror, words begin to appear.
joe takes the five-car train model.
another dirt clod hits forrest in the arm.
still floating forward but now much closer to the two walking men.
the peelers walk away.
stacey is gassed.
jack turns, then runs along the main deck, past passengers and crew members.
she passes people standing in the darkness.
anguished, until now he breaks briefly, the dog looking on.
spiders lurk in the trees ready to jump on the car.
she kisses dale.
don rolls his program and sticks it into the sand of the cuspidor.
carl turns to allison, who stares out at the seats, lost in thought.
a heat haze hangs over suburban london.
later in his office, with hayley in attendance, luke looks earnestly into rebecca's face.
on the porch, he turns slowly and looks at her.
holmes returns fire with his pistol, hitting a guard in the chest.
they turn around and survey the scene.
she looks a little flustered and heads off.
the carton of huggies is still tucked under one arm.
forrest closes his eyes tightly.
her police uniform is on but not yet buttoned.
ben looks him in the eye and shakes his head.
following behind them, a detail of six soldiers accompanying gandhi.
in the fenced front yard of the house next door, a dog barks repeatedly.
flowers are arranged in beds.
in a room upstairs, harry finds his snowy owl and the minister for magic, mr. fudge.
all four girls look at him expectantly as he takes a seat.
she stares through the window at the sleeping zoe.
one man bounces off a cab stand before slamming into other people hanging on below, creating a domino effect of falling bodies.
angela, once again fully clothed, sits at the kitchen counter.
blinking, he glances around, then pulls out his hardcover book and checks a bookmarked page.
her feet leave the floor as she swept them into an effortless turn.
his eyes suddenly flicker and he wakes up.
cole and malcolm join the visitors as they walk slowly towards the doors.
his mind surges with thoughts.
he's wide-eyed and disheveled.
joe whips around -- standing in the dusty mess is alice -- shaken, but absolutely alive.
holmes sees some guards.
he watches a moment, then cautiously lifts the binoculars again.
edward is chatting up will's pretty date to the homecoming dance.
she sinks down onto the step.
he takes her in his arm.
kate looks away from him.
daylight pours through the clouds of dust and the growing hole.
cole runs across his room.
sidney glances at his bright red tee-shirt and fidgets before pointing at a photograph on the wall.
a door opens to reveal 4-year-old jane, dressed for halloween in a princess costume, holding a lit sparkler aloft and smiling shyly at us.
she just won't let it drop.
two empty glasses hit the bar.
lynda leans back onto the pillows.
he lets go of holmes who falls from the balustrade and plummets into the void along with icy waters of the falls.
cary bumps into a hanging sheriff pruitt.
he grabs her hand.
arbogast looks around the empty office and calls.
the cover shows a powerfully built hero in blue, racing towards a gaggle of shadowy demonic figures.
instantly a dog howls loudly.
magarri turns away and tears fill the drover's eyes.
gandalf leads frodo and sam under the cover of woods.
at night, a lake reflects city lights.
he stares down at the table they're sitting at.
the german soldiers are, to various degrees, amused.
then he nods to hooper.
later, he pushes the revolving door of an office building and enters a vacant lobby.
the wife is chopping meat.
lighting flashes as he lies on his bed, relieving the attack on his uncle.
she removes her dark glasses and stands expectantly as he steps from behind the partition.
fergus walks round the scaffolding.
a woman enters and puts a newspaper onto a bedside table.
galadriel looks at frodo intensely.frodo looks down.in his hand he is clutching the ring.
he will not look at her or reply.
the three men see her moving toward the car.
they walk a couple of steps.
the bottom name reads harold cornish $1.2 million
seeing him, she crosses to the bedroom.
the bear keeps staring, but doesn't say anything.
hannah shakes her head in disapproval while holly angrily takes another sip of her drink.
smeath waves the list of excuses at the studio audience.
fergus comes toward the bar and takes a seat.
we concentrate on one, let us say the most distinguished american broadcaster of the time, edward r.
he produces a paper.
she briefly looks up at him.
as the black guys hassle sue and trey.
only one place setting is out on the tabletop.
his posture is utterly unchanged, ba's hand still in his lap, his eyes still staring emptily at the floor in front of him, but suddenly tears begin to run down his cheeks.
brackett draws his gun and the two men step inside.
brow furrowed, he empties the safe.
he places his hand on her back.
sam indicates a brooding stranger who sits alone at a table in the far corner, smoking a curiously carved long stemmed pipe, peering from beneath a travel stained cowl with gleaming eyes.
keyes picks up the telephone on his desk and speaks into it.
as she puts the money in her purse, bert sits down.
mozart stands there.
bob steps out onto the roof to join jeep.
she prods him in the legs with her foot.
she glances at her computer screen.
dr. campbell and george shake hands.
finally neff can't stand the silence any longer.
there's just enough room to stand and look around.
ben turns and goes back into the room.
benjamin peers into the kitchen then down the narrow flight of steps to queenie's basement bedroom.
tom leads nick to a garage.
bullet holes pepper the aston's windows.
mariah has a notebook open.
jane wafts the vial under her mother's nose.
we are looking down into the wall of the staircase from the point of view of the landing.
jerry pulls to a halt next to wade's idling cadillac.
she holds the phone away and calls.
lewis leads his party of mercenaries and rescued peasants through the forest.
lester sits at his workstation, a beige cubicle surrounded by identical beige cubicles.
he staggers out, buttoning up.
she watches him dance with lydia and smiles to herself.
lois is behind marcus with the handcart.
the count, stepping back, going for the heart again.
it is thorwald, carrying a light-weight cardboard box under his arm.
alyssa and the girl continue to kiss.
the queen mother and phillip and the queen are present.
he smiles and raises his eyebrows at aisha.
we also see the wolf has a small notepad that he jots details in.
as indy's boat drifts toward the giant, turning propellers at the stern of another steamer, kazim's boat draws up alongside and hits them.
but a fragment off the cracked edge of the tile falls.
at this point, the time reversal ends and the room is empty.
jenny closes her eyes.
eddie stands helplessly for a moment.
the first urchin leans into a finely dressed couple in a carriage.
he sees a sign for paradise falls, beneath it.
fergus, hearing the whistling, stares out.
the sun behind him throws him into silhouette; the extreme telephoto flattens him against the sun.
silence, everyone waiting for parrish to proceed.
gavroche is shot again and flops on his back, dead.
as neville watches, the carved stone becomes a pair of huge, wooden double doors.
the cop flinches with each shot.
he holds up the neuralyzer.
pete and barry eat frosted scones, happy to get some alone time to delay their return home.
in darkness, save for the glow of headlights on jeeps and beams from hand torches, the army drag people from their homes and march them away at gunpoint, under the supervision of the cigarette -smoking commander.
bert also takes a seat, but far away, near the coat rack.
her dark eyes return his gaze adoringly.
the cello player also returns.
laurie stares at the receiver, then hangs up.
a smiling alistair puts down the phone.
charles and airlie walk over to meet various uniform men standing nearby.
she runs around the corner and races up to the st. regis, where a doorman in a morning suit greets her.
she hugs him back.
nizar gets in the front of the vehicle.
kelly looks up from her sports illustrated.
he yawns and stretches out of sight at full length on the couch.
moments later, he's striding across the field.
lizzie turns and looks at the intimate pair.
the horses are being harnessed to the carriage outside.
the boys stare open-mouthed.
he's carried inside.
they walk toward the entrance of the bus.
fudge looks around nervously, then jerks his head toward the pub.
fast cuts of screaming orcs.
he scampers off, as two riders approach.
jay pulls off his coat and swings it into the arms of silent bob.
lewis holds a torch.
more trucks and carriages fly off the line and collide with one another.
purvis hurries downstairs.
a couch and a cart the barricade, which blocks the street.
she points her wand with a shaking hand.
vanessa and mark look over and notice that juno has escaped the conflict.
harry sinks his face into the bowl.
forrest and mrs. gump have their picure taken in front of a large statue.
juno, leah and bren become immediately defensive.
scabior and greyback stagger away.
the kid lies in bed, sleeping peacefully.
ollivander's eyes widen, and he stares solemnly at harry.
hi and ed are climbing into their car.
he opens the book.
a young woman leans out of a top window of a building as lizzie passes below.
the packet is empty.
the two vehicles face each other nose-to-nose, several feet apart as gin opens the hood.
his arms and legs flop lifelessly to the carpet.
creative director nigel leaves.
the door opens.
the somebody screaming is mr. orange.
keyes has come in, and neff after him closes the door quietly.
the alien lunges at him with his needle sharp teeth.
meanwhile in a booth across the diner, audrey is fiddling with percy's old radio.
zoe exits the corner restaurant, which has a red door and windows.
we stay with the dog during the o.s.
holden looks up to see the spanish bearded cop with a gun.
as evan and kayleigh absorb this in silence, they see a column of smoke billowing in the horizon.
brian smiles bitterly as giles points past him, towards the empty stadium at the end of the tunnel.
he turns, hearing the faint sound of the radio.
alyssa winds up with another dart.
the crowd watches.
fats' clothes reflect his high station at ames pool hall: a gray felt bowler hat, and an expensive, tailored overcoat, with a carnation in its lapel and two silk handkerchiefs peeking up from its breast pocket.
the elevator door closes on them.
he spots a flag pole on a building opposite and jumps sailing through the air, grabbing the pole with both hands, then like a gymnast swings round and round until he builds the momentum to catapult him through the air on to the adjoining rooftop.
she rests her head against his shoulder, and we.
they squat, hold out their arms and pretend they're surfing.
indy dabs at his nose with the handkerchief as elsa looks on in amused amazement.
the plane begins to go down.
he rises, and, as he leaves.
lightoller pulls a sobbing gray-haired woman away from her husband.
ben is writing.
salim leaves his apartment block and heads for his car.
john lennon lights a cigarette.
she and lizzie exchange a knowing smile.
she stands still concentrating.
fantine screams as the first tooth is removed.
relieved to see he's not licking his chops.
sam can't believe it -- relief and joy flood through him.
sergeant callahan checks fletcher's pulse.
more gangsters appear, and spider pulls a gun.
jane continues, making slow progress.
he goes.
without a change of expression, nat pours the second drink.
mike's sister, elizabeth, 40's, walks in, wearing a nurse's uniform and holding a cake box.
he takes her hand away.
later, the lawmen lead dillinger into a jail as more officers escort pete and the heavyset bank robber.
jim stands waiting with the bridesmaids.
in front of them, the dust clears.
a hard and vicious jab that snaps indy's head around.
he masterfully takes pearl by the hand and leads her into the night.
her mouth is open in speechless horror.
she mounts her bicycle and waves before riding off.
gebcznyski shakes hands with szpilman, ushers him in and then pulls down the shutter.
vernon locks him into the cupboard under the stairs.
graham turns to merrill.
he turns back to mary.
peter smokes a cigarillo as he embraces brian.
harry banks around and sees peter swinging between the buildings.
wearing 50 black and white stripped uniforms, prisoners march in lockstep single file across the dirt.
draco and his cronies snigger.
he uses a thread and a bent needle to stitch a nasty wound on his back.
cal shakes his head.
mad-eye moody gives him a hard stare.
seeing that mary is on her way to the porch, he runs quickly, the umbrella unopened in his hand.
her face is white as ash.
she screams and drops her books.
she walks down the pavement, then breaks into a run.
madame maxime calls out to hagrid.
as he slams the phone into the cradle the titles disappear.
watched by hermione and ron, he empties its contents into his mouth.
sydney steps back from the car window and knits his hands together by his chin.
jamal looks astonished at his brother.
he taps the blank parchment with his wand.
the shafts of light pouring in are defined by motes of dust dancing in the air.
a waiter is standing next to the table with a telephone.
mia's mouth comes toward a microphone.
dr. briar strokes emily's hair, gives her a reassuring smile and leaves.
on the crowded deck, the curtis family lean on the safety rail.
suddenly resolute, benjamin rises, resting on his cane.
he tucks the book under his arm and picks up the phone.
tuvia notices asael's black eye.
posing for the camera, lockhart spots harry's grubby face in the crowd.
she forces it open a crack.
an outdoor concert is being given.
wednesday, robin stares out of a window.
he sees the body.
a young guy sits beside the man they're watching.
the fourth man freaks out.
they run onto one of the upper decks and wave to arm lockers from a railing.
watson fires the cannon at the tower.
he looks across at mirabehn and nods for her to go.
evelyn sees gittes sitting in her car, staring coldly at her.
looking bedraggled in his ruffled mess of a suit, sydney sits alone in the departure lounge, impatiently tapping his hand with his mobile phone.
a close-up shows them grappling on the floor.
the masked attacker headbutts peter and clamps a hand across his mouth.
she spots the sword of gryffindor.
magarri enters tentatively, removing his hat, and approaches the bar.
forrest eats a chocolate as he looks down at the nurse's shoes.
anderson, a salesman, sits at one of the desks, filling out a report.
with gritted teeth, malbin urges from behind the tree and runs at the tank, but is shot.
men throng the club, chatting and drinking.
she gets into the passenger seat.
merrill stares up at a poster with a muscular guy in an army uniform standing at attention on a beach.
the door of a glass chamber slides open and green smoke pours out.
hurrying, scobie puts his foot against the door and pushes it away, ripping his metal hand free.
beaming, brian runs and embraces him.
fabienne rolls over and butch gets on top of her.
ron goes back to sleep.
fezzik with westley, who is still unable to walk under his own power.
both stare in amazement as the sphere from the pool, blazing with white light, rises slowly into the air.
watching from the upstairs window, myrtle looks desperate and tearful.
he leans on the fence.
gordon pilots the plane straight through the gap as the building shattering all around them.
rebecca turns away, trying to mask her disappointment.
smirks at tony as the equerry leads them towards an imposing set of closed doors.
he pulls it too and then catches it.
she's standing in front of open drawer.
two big guys in sunglasses flanking one smaller, older guy.
bounding toward him in the gathering gloom is an enormous, pale-eyed, jet-black dog.
as he passes the desk, on his way to the elevator, he starts to pat his breast pocket.
the hobos stare.
morgan takes the asthma inhaler from his pocket and breathes in deeply.
the serpent waves up behind harry.
jack turns toward the closed office door.
elijah's wheeling his chair from the gallery down the narrow corridor lined with comics.
and keeps staring.
they see the floating cakes and grab them.
sadie and a bunch of other kids are building sets for a school play.
she is plainly excited at george's visit.
flashes ricochet off the building as xenophilius runs outside.
she is wearing a bathrobe.
malcolm's eyes move back up.
the office is as bare as most policemen's offices.
forgetting salieri, she goes to her husband.
the boy and girl laugh, their laughter putting a pause in there, back and forth.
in place of a nose, his nostrils are two narrow slits.
riva, the nurse, stops to attend him.
a man wearing a black hood is sharpening the curved blade of a huge axe.
silently sidling towards the edge of a stagnant pool.
she grabs the papers and settles on the couch.
carol, whose life has been rugged but basic, feels as strange as she does moved by simon's trauma which is so much more complicated than her meat and potatoes troubles.
he opens the front door, and he and the dog enter the house.
its fading clatter leaves the baying of hounds.
whip sits facing a group of inmates in an alcoholics anonymous meeting.
a sign reads guided tours visitors are requested to collect receipts.
javert, who is dressed as a civilian, helps him up.
the stranger opens the book.
he holds his phone up.
szpilman lies inert on the bed, weak, starving, ill.
holly and mickey stroll into view, deep in conversation.
as bishop sleeps, valjean stuffs silverware into his satchel.
the box jellyfish glides through the water and up to tim's hand.
sarah leans on the wharf rail in despair, trying to control her sobs.
skeeter, carrying a basket of readers' letters, comes out of blackly's office with a happy smile.
neff looks up, takes his hat off.
the men are scruffy, unshaven, and are all prisoners.
harry moves slowly and cautiously between the hedges.
the father never takes his eyes off of the screen.
michael gives jeep some keys.
drover stands up, holding a water bag.
a white knight hits the dust.
aaron, his cheek swollen turns away.
gandalf suddenly stops and looks down at pippin.
george and uncle billy continue their search.
they're standing shoulder to shoulder.
she turns, surprised ron's spoken to her.
dil raises an unsteady hand and points it at him.
the light in the room disappears.
he's sitting in a strangely hazy living room, a photo on the wall behind, a corner table with a lamp on it.
another alfa romeo is still in the chase.
indy takes the lighter from her and lights their way down a dark passageway.
he smiles at frodo.
the clerk lowers his eyes to his pad.
they eventually sit up, breathless.
they come towards each other again.
the boy doesn't answer.
he bolts he back fence as the grogans give chase, past a neighbor cooking at a barbecue.
gordon hugs kate in a supermarket.
her face is pale and her eyes are closed.
hani puts aside his paper.
he takes his soup from khan.
as the bullet creases it.
harry slows and stops, beside a burned out, roof-less house.
nullah's sitting glumly by a cooking fire with sing song and bandy legs.
they head towards the queensboro bridge.
they lie on soft couches as elves leave food and wine for them.
he sees keyes and neff.
there is a great cheer, but in the silence that follows we hear the military band from across the way as the troops prepare to march off.
the fellowship marches on.
szpilman makes a record in a ledger of the tools each worker takes out on the site.
dumbledore bursts into the room, followed by karkaroff, snape, crouch, moody, professor mcgonagall, and madame maxime.
on a video monitor behind rose, the corroded titanic wreck transforms into a gleaming ocean liner moored alongside a dock.
he rests his rifle on a tree and uses the site as a telescope.
ron tries the locked door.
he points to george's office.
he picks up two assault rifles with grenade launchers.
he snaps his hands up and together.
he takes a bite of sausage, chewing deliberately, slowly.
it shakes him violently from side to side.
merrill steps out of the closet for the first time.
kyle has reappeared in the diner.
brody lowers the ice pack from his head and looks at indy.
the peasants are lined up at the edge of the paddy field.
as he takes down a book and opens it, a screaming face burst violently out of the pages.
draco gives him a withering look.
a motorbike speeds past.
salim claps his hands.
standing beside the coffin is a tall hard-faced elderly man, walt kowalski.
exasperated, dale's eyes rove in thought.
he meets daisy's gaze.
a female customer, who'd come over to the table, browsing through the rack of clothes near hannah, looks up, reacting.
they both nod slightly.
he lets go of rose's hand, then peers inside the car.
and the six-fingered sword is all but invisible now, as he increases his attack, then suddenly switches styles again.
evan walks closely behind carlos through a corridor, clutching his journals.
it bounces back open.
big chuck tenses his face and nods.
sandra isn't paying a lot of attention.
he and marius plummet into the cavernous sewers landing unconscious in dark sludge.
moving towards it, he gazes out at the glowing protective shields as it slowly descends.
he gazes at szpilman, whose eyes remain closed.
he picks up the pizza boxes, then notices something stuck to the top.
as david gets closer, he shields his face from the strong smell.
he peers inside, eyes flashing suspiciously, then withdraws.
gin drops willie.
edward pulls the door shut behind him as he leaves, but it breaks off in his hands.
he walks over and stands behind her, hesitating for a moment.
he sees the tall, gaunt figure of voldemort facing him.
emily takes a deep breath and looks down.
a heavy wind starts blowing, walls are closing in, harry runs.
flinging herself back into the cab, she frantically starts changing again.
in a shop, elijah is motionless, glowering and sullen in his wheelchair.
the strong movements of his mouth show us that he objects vigorously to the annoyance of her comments.
a golden sun peaks over the tops of trees.
the man from the sky goes to a grubby men's room.
he plays the first half again but stops in the middle of a phrase, which he repeats dubiously.
he leans back in his chair.
soldiers flee from their own malfunctioning machines which randomly spray shells, missiles, and bullets around them.
skeeter carefully considers the proposal.
he pins it on thao.
joe, a vision of black on white in his too-big black suit, now sits on a small swing set he hasn't used in years.
rambo's boat wends its way back down the river.
he douses the white hot metal in a water
drenched, battered, he slowly climbs back over the fence and makes his way toward his car.
iorlas and other soldiers arrive at the citadel with faramir's unconscious body on a stretcher.
the captain pulls a gold wrist watch out of his pocket.
unsettled, holmes sits back in his chair.
in her hand, she's holding the gun.
neff is again busy unwrapping the tape from his leg.
we're in the bathroom of the hollywood apartment we were in earlier.
an armored vehicle drives up.
she closes the door, takes the key and starts down the stairs.
wrapped in a dressing gown, fleur watches the water anxiously.
she holds the telephone at her shoulder.
sweaty, javier glares at veronica then lowers the gun.
charlie sits looking pensive as audrey tries to tune the radio, turning the dial and moving the aerial around.
after a beat, edward opens his eyes a tiny bit, just to see what the giant is doing.
lizzie puts down her basket and rushes off, quickly followed by jane.
he lies in bed surfing channels on the tv.
they hold each other's gaze.
desi drapes her arms around debbie, who laughs as the younger woman pulls her clothes.
nick and kurt roll under the slowly closing garage door.
clutching the rifle, overmyer cautiously makes his way along the aisle of the bus towards the open door.
harry holds out a hand, and peter clasps it firmly.
in a tent, a candle glows in a lantern and a cup of snow is placed on a gas burner.
he closes his eyes then pulls the wand away.
during which ben remains static while the quadrangle and the area around him fill up with students; walking, talking, hurrying to class, strolling, sitting, reading, handing out petitions, etc.
uncle billy smiles triumphantly and goes toward deposit window with his deposit slip.
aragorn starts in fright as.
he steps back beside harry and they both watch.
ilsa flips a coin, then tosses it over to rick.
she notices the vacant spot beside her and sits up.
hi is approaching the check-out island with a gun in one hand, the carton of huggies tucked under the other.
the two women hurry up the stairs toward the iron ladder they will use to climb the wall between jeff's yard and that of thorwald's.
and this makes up his mind.
andy is being driven home through the busy new york streets.
an outside light comes on.
ezra sits playing the piano in the foyer of a modern glass and steel mall.
close on joe as he arrives beside alice, who looks out at the train, haunted.
he and the others stride forward in a line.
they step back as the resident pulls the curtain shut, blocking their view of harry.
ginny follows her mother out.
the car swings onto an off ramp and down to a street, turns into a gas station and stops near the office.
they have achieved the cellar floor.
the ringwraiths wheel their horses towards the north and gallop away along the river bank, quickly disappearing into the fog.
he puts a document in a folder and slams it shut.
nick checks kate's cupboards.
terrified, he backs away.
the camera moves behind the closed door, into the bathroom.
she nods lightly toward nehru.
parrish is on the edge of his seat, struggling to hide his panic.
officers from wickham's regiment are taking tea at longbourn.
he replaces the earpiece.
tall studio mirrors run the length of the wall opposite the front windows.
customers arrive and go in through the front door.
it sails off a step into the sunken atrium, and lands with a crash amidst the hayseeds.
the family are seated around the dining table, having just finished a meal.
sarah stares at a solitary figure approaching across the dusty plain.
a suited man sits on the edge of inez's bed.
others splat into the windscreen.
edward still doesn't recognize her.
the gate keeper comes out of his lodgings with a lantern.a look of fear on his face.
jackson gawps as the plane clears the city which has been carved in two by the gigantic fissure.
salim, jamal, and their gang of urchins scamper across scaffolding supporting rows of seats above.
more couples nuzzling feet under various tables.
her bottle and her glass are beside her.
then we see a drink and a man's hand, but nothing more.
mrs. robinson watches him.
he runs toward her.
more death eaters appear.
in the back seat we see two men, one of whom is prakash (the bearded man at gandhi's assassination).
elliot stares after her, grinning.
as soon as the door has shut behind him,
hannah walks offscreen, farther into the coatcheck room.
a gray haired woman with gold rimmed glasses is sitting at a computer.
the stars emerge from behind the clouds.
his doctor bends close from behind, thrusts his finger out of view and works it around.
a searchlight near the boat's bridge has gone on and now begins sweeping the river banks.
carl, without looking at the money, puts it in his pocket.
the ground is covered with a light dusting of snow.
one coming right for him.
which are covered in a growth resembling drippy, gray concrete.
alan, 18, he wears a halloween mask and a costume.
a soldier raises his rifle.
he turns to neff.
jessica glances back at robbie.
javert chases after them as they run along a colonnade.
with one final thrust, peter pushes back the brooms and slams the door.
he swallows hard and tentatively steps forward onto a sea of flattened maize stalks.
he paces back and forth in front of the piano and an accompanying music stand.
he gets out and raises the hood.
george shakes his head.
her apartment is below that of the salesman with the invalid wife.
seeing skeeter she puts her hands on her ample hips.
kneeling in front of sandra, audrey takes a pill from a pot.
sidney tosses her a canape, and she snaffles it down.
something suddenly lunges out of the trees and grabs him, jolting his truck and breaking the windscreen.
edward kisses his pregnant wife goodbye, as much in love as ever.
a large snake appears in front of harry.
lucy stares, flabbergasted.
then a man gets out.
as they near a traffic light, it changes from green to red.
upset, graham winces as he eats.
lavender is up on her feet rooting for ron.
darryl is checking himself out in the hall mirror, and it's obvious he likes what he sees.
when is subsides gandhi looks down at the plainclothes policemen, fixing his gaze on them.
holden stares at alyssa, flabbergasted.
emily looks down.
another eel swims past a porcelain bathtub.
fade to black as we see jody as a bowler, running in slow motion, toward the camera.
the toll house keeper, hearing the cries for help, comes running out on the bridge with a flashlight, which he shines on the two figures struggling in the water below.
she sees jean-louis and tex's gun.
meeting in the middle, they hug tightly.
the motorcade enters the underground parking lot.
he see harry through his mechanical eye.
punnoose holds latika as maman watches the train.
ferris clambers up on the wall, and the dogs bite his ankles.
moran loads his martini action rifle and aims it at meinhard.
he frantically tries to tidy up.
mirabehn reaches the doorway and is suddenly brought up.
looking slightly embarrassed, harry grins.
harry clenches his teeth, grips the wand with the hand he's using as support, and leans forward to dip the shell into the lake.
david steps inside the narrow closet and closes the door slightly so the light from the bulb doesn't fall on joseph.
barney, a little concerned, tries to restrain him, holding onto the barber sheet around gittes' neck.
now, sitting on the toilet, pete plays a game on his tablet.
daisy's grand house stands alone lit up at night.
harry swallows hard.
jenny leans over and puts her head on forrest's shoulder.
lewis runs past a hut with his weapon primed.
she smiles and waves, shifting her timid gaze on the way to the bar.
legolas fires an arrow at the king of the dead.
jude, from the cafe, watches--fergus walking on, the old man being eased with painstaking care inside the daimler.
he fires two web pulls.
chili hangs up the phone.
rick looks the check over and tears it up.
forrest takes the letter out of his pocket.
he accidentally answers it and sighs.
he turns his back to nick and daisy.
peter, tweed and multack leave the room.
passengers on board the moored ships doff their hats or wave to the people below.
the clerk, confused as well as astonished, see the judge standing, facing gandhi in respect, and dutifully, he too stands.
he steers her towards the door.
sarah gets up and goes over to the drover, who's leaning against a tree.
graham gazes across the field.
carl pretends to look away, then looks back at him sharply.
peter's standing by, frowning.
she listens to the music, her eyes closed.
delmar waves a fistful of money at him.
he's very wary of the other children running about him.
marcus points the gun.
tom looks at his watch.
they are eating hot boiled potatoes.
the car starts.
he fills his basket with jars.
suddenly, she becomes aware of a man standing with his back to her, a few meters ahead.
george and uncle billy start to collect their papers and leave the table.
a woman with wild hair runs her tongue over the snake tattooed on her arm.
in their hearts there is panic and fear.
harlan has led thelma off to the far end of the parking lot.
getting into car.
he wonders over wanting to explain.
lisa suddenly appears at the ground floor door below thorwald's.
she opens the newspaper, places the envelope within it, lock-folds the paper again and then places it on the bedside table as if it were there for later reading.
as he watches, he gradually turns into podgy goyle.
neff watches phyllis out of sight.
the redhead adds it to a stack of fake cards and walks off with a determined expression.
kate turns to paula.
the maid curtsies and leaves the room.
she nods, turns, and goes.
bassam looks through a telescopic sight at mehdi, a bearded man, as he walks out.
peter slips the ring into the pocket of his jeans and opens the door to mary jane.
david gives her a contented look.
brad stands, ready to usher lester out.
she stretches out her hand to reach the sack.
he turns away to light a cigarette, then back to ilsa.
he looks around the hall to find everyone staring at him.
don takes it and walks out.
henry has clearly been concentrating entirely on the vase.
she smirks as she unfolds the enclosed check.
holding on to nullah, sarah looks around.
before jeep can respond, they hear the sound of the front .
she turns.
very carefully, the boy turns the comic around on its bed of purple tissue.
an airplane pin is on his lapel.
the dog easily outmaneuvers jenny, but john grabs him and forces open his jaws.
she drops her purse in shock when she sees: evan, in doorway, expressionless and holding a large butcher knife by his side.
they are watching an electronic press kit cut together for graham parker.
ryan and natalie have breakfast at the hotel's outdoor cafe.
at night, a train rumbles across a bridge in the heart of brooklyn.
nick remembers seeing gatsby reaching towards the green light.
pete and the kids set up a tray of muffins and donuts on the table and decorate the room with birthday balloons, streamers, etc.
dillinger strides past a bright city park.
keyes is standing there buying cigars.
his gesture seems to take in the trailer and the entire domestic situation.
charlie sees it from a window.
the boy stands up on the prow of the boat and grins.
rose claps her hands as she watches jack.
she overturns a chair.
he seems even more scared now.
gandalf reaches into the fire with a pair of tongs.he lifts the ring out.
he wakes from his dream.
people cringe and fall to the ground in pain a power by the noise emitted by the robot.
they lower them and sit in silence.
harry hears her scream.
looking down on the pool, on ben's black suited body at the bottom and the people standing around the pool, looking down into it.
she gets out of the car and faces him.
norman is holding the carving knife, blade pointing at peter.
finally keyes continues.
rebecca turns around and runs into suze's open arms.
two telephone operators and a receptionist are at work.
greene's car arrives in town.
struggling through the unbending forest until he stumbles out onto a pathway running between two areas of maize.
lynda hangs up the phone and grins.
white typed letters appear to float through the air like snow flakes.
watching intently.
a huge dog leaps a fence and heads for the boy, chased by its owner.
others sit around staring or drinking vacantly.
jessica picks up the bunch of flowers and reads the note.
he stands, picks up his jacket from the back of the sofa and puts it on as he enters the darkened kitchen to retrieve his pants.
prince humperdinck, shoving the lever all the way up and.
her gaze stops on the two tiny hand prints of sweat formed on the table's surface.
a man walks in wearing an ntsb jacket, followed by a few law officers, a nurse and a doctor.
they cautiously edge closer and peer into it.
he sees the end approaching, but doesn't know exactly what's coming.
ack runs to the starboard railing and watches as the back of the ship moves alongside the iceberg.
a man talks to camera.
he asks tersely.
he comes to a decision.
the sergeant almost stops, but he strikes again.
michael grabs jeep's hand before the boy can rush back into the fray.
he crosses to the door.
mr. gower enters with a large glass jar jammed full of notes.
proceedings begin, a cage is raised from inside the floor.
the big man stops chewing and slowly raises his napkin to his lips to give them a dainty pat.
she turns to them and stops.
the waitress comes by, pouring him some more.
the remaining supports give way, and the bridge crashes into the murky waters of the thames.
david gives a nod.
kreacher has mundungus round the head.
he is fumbling in his wallet.
ben's car is parked in the dark, wet night.
the cold, dull morgul valley is suddenly violent and fierce, as uprushing flame springs from mount doom.
rose and jack flee.
the bus hurdles off again down a narrow street.
he trains his flashlight on a small object in the corner of the room.
there is almost a touch of eagerness in his expression.
she idly pats the trunk of a large tree as she passes by.
she looks at it and recognizes it.
harry takes hold of a side door's knob.
sandy gazes at the floor, then rises and watches the men leave.
others follow suit.
ben stares ahead gravely as he drives.
he chews thoughtfully.
he reaches for the bags again.
they head along a winding road through mountains, across a steel girder bridge, and through rolling countryside.
he drops his head.
hagrid comes to and takes control of the bike.
the lead doberman with chain and spike has now picked up about a dozen neighborhood dogs.
several people, deep in conversation, stand nearby as elliot, holding a drink, walks up behind her.
he fills three glasses.
forrest places the medal of honor in jenny's hand.
she pours out a shot for herself as well as willie's.
the hedges on either side grow together hemming him in.
forrest finishes assembling his rifle as the other recruits are still working on theirs.
he accelerates past a group of serious cyclists.
gandhi, singh and tyeb mohammed are looking off at the retreating horses.
she stops when she gets to the back of the car, and she is sick.
high in the tree, the car rocks precariously.
wearing a troubled frown, javert stares at the pistol for a moment, then drops it into the sewer.
followed by miss bingley, who's wearing a grand ball gown and feather hat.
he closes the door again.
he can't stop looking.
she is shaking her head.
they hide.
the dazzling light surrounding the stag grows even brighter.
they scratch the windscreen with their fingernails.
lynn looks up sharply.
he ties the strip around his boot.
harry gently strokes ginny's arm as she slips away.
he looks up from the screen and sees a shadow behind the curtain.
the narrow street turns, and opens out onto the river.
cal faces the audience.
graham shoots a knowing glance at this brother, who looking forlorn, returns his gaze to the tv.
it is sweltering now in the greenhouse.
an enormous amount of black discs sits on the bar.
she returns to the table.
the indian guy keeps his malevolent gaze on willie and looks away.
in the heavily decorated dining room, celia, in an off-the- shoulder dress, carefully places a dish of cookies into the center of the table, alongside a cooked ham, several cakes and pies, and other dishes of food.
szpilman, lying on the bed, staring at the ceiling.
debbie stands and starts to help him up.
he removes his earphones and leans over the reception desk.
a smiles breaks out on the young woman's face.
a juke box and many little tables have been added.
legolas fires deadly arrows into goblin throats, desperately trying to shield the hobbits!
a police car, full of officers, with siren blaring, screams through the street and stops in the market.
a beat, as ricky continues his calculations, before he realizes a response is expected from him.
one of them flips the loud bolt on the door, opening it to reveal jules and vincent in the hallway.
she catches sight of him and holds his gaze.
the police sergeant's eyes go wide with disbelief.
bob and the others ease slightly.
roger merriman, the kid's dad, is in prison.
hagrid punches the air.
vincent and elena sit in the back.
jane looks at lester to see how he reacts.
peter looks relieved.
a photo of christine and kate, their arms around each other, both grinning happily at the camera.
the paunchy gangster goes down.
nick covers myrtie's body with the sheet.
westley is looking at him.
he pokes her several times.
anheuser walks off with michaels.
in the house, the man studies himself solemnly in a mirror as he fastens his tie.
hannah sobs, clutching her tissue to her face.
wash is whittling once again; everett dips his comb into a pomade jar and carefully works on his hair; pete is digging around with a toothpick; delmar dreamily waves one hand in time to the music.
george and clarence lying in the snow.
ryan is distracted.
high on the ramparts, harry flings his arms around voldemort's neck, and clinging onto him, jumps off the edge.
zed studies butch.
forrest is running along the highway.
she flings her arms around him with a big smile.
she wears the same uniform as holly: black skirt, white shirt, and black bowtie.
catherine kisses nick and pulls his shirt off.
the man, lewis, glances around at joe before adjusting his hair and going on into the house.
the wicket keeper makes a rude, facetious gesture, but as the batsman turns to settle in his crease again.
javier glares at her and flexes his jaw.
documents are stacked on the small table.
mrs. gump bends down and tries to free forrest.
there's a small white box tucked in the dog's collar.
mary throws her rock, and once more we hear the sound of breaking glass.
latika sneaks off back to her side of the dormitory.
they sneak round to the far side of the carriage, climb inside, and exit through the opposite door as if they'd arrived in the carriage.
as they eat, jack hands joe a leaflet.
gatsby looks shocked and, his chest heaving, steps away from tom.
harry sees the weasleys up ahead.
mac smiles to himself and carries on tinkering.
he breathes in mighty gulps of air.
rain soaks harry's bench in madison square park.
he walks to the door, looks out into the hall at mr. mccleery, then shuts the door.
helen looks at him for a second, then takes off her hat and throws it into a nearby chair.
and joins mary at the piano.
the troll swings the club and smashes it along the row of cubicles.
birdie sits beside his open door, strumming a guitar and singing.
some people clap their hands in time to the music.
walker waves his notebook at him and kallenbach lifts his level in greeting.
pull back: gandalf hurries to the battlement, looking further west along the white mountains.
she pulls away from him and stands up.
on his way out, slughorn stops, spins round and stares at harry, who doesn't flinch.
she strolls inside.
the great hall is lit with flaming torches.
audrey is outside his door.
he spits and wanders away.
spider-man cocks his head, then leaps up on a web.
he works his lips.
sandy looks at her and softly nods.
people selling shoes, clothes, carpets, curtains, food.
at one end the wheels of the cart have stopped sinking - the ground is harder here.
he saunters through the parking lot pressing the remotes and cars flash and unlock.
he rides through a settlement of wood buildings and animal pens.
cole turns to see lynn holding the pop tarts.
she nods and looks at his glass.
he chuckles.
gandhi looks at him, a teasing smile.
shafts of bright sunlight are diffused in the water around him.
both propellers give out under the strain.
now, david stands by the curb and hails an approaching cab.
jackson dives back underwater.
ginny immediately moves protectively in front of harry.
perched on top of the cliff, looking down at westley and buttercup.
hermione takes the two-handled gold cup from her bottomless bag.
gripping the steering wheel, he bows his head and collects his breath.
a flashback to her falling from the train.
a student, introduces the game.
helen looks bored, then smiles ruefully at david.
the customers stare mutely back.
as walt advances, the barrel of the rifle knocks the overhead light, sending it swinging.
fergus stands and looks down at dave, who turns to leave.
the office door is wide open.
cedric has come in through another entrance.
the queen extends her right hand to tony.
he closes the closet and hangs a bath towel on his desk chair.
peter pushes his way through the crowd.
she cautiously opens the door.
hilly eyes the pie and loftily indicates she should wait.
walter is just rising from the ground massaging an injured knee.
drover grins happily.
don goes to the door, tries to open it.
george's wrecked car is smashed against the tree.
their heads are leaned back against their arms.
as voters disperse, david joins him.
some of the alabama policeman and citizens clap their hands as the national guardsmen stand at attention with their weapons in front of them.
the young woman comes up to her father.
he spasms, then vomits.
moody leads them from the garden into the street.
the ferry slides out into the river, just as the ringwraiths arrive.
morgan leans into his father who hugs him tightly, then, pulls bo to his other side.
snape remains in his seat, expressionless.
as it slides across the slate, making a hideous scratching sound and causing sparks to fly.
as karen and chili exit the theater, stand there a moment.
holmes looks disgruntled at the prospect of more riding.
the foundation is divided into two sections.
they are both on their feet.
he pulls watson down beside him then lights a pipe.
a brown-haired man cranes his neck, as he stares out of one of the submersible portals
jack wants to cry again.
kate comes outside.
elijah has to move fast.
a branch knocks harry and hermione over.
he looks at them.
on the roof, kyle watches as the intruders slope off.
moriarty watches, transfixed, as demons surround don giovanni.
harry and hagrid are walking through a dark forest.
he looks disgusted and spits it out onto the plate.
in a wooded area, klaatu gets out of the car.
she looks like she's been dead for years, but too stubborn to lie down.
as mike waves to camera, he's pulled into the jello pool and the girls rip off his shirt.
the leeds fans cheer as brian escorts his team down the tunnel.
furrowing her brow, molly looks around at the other people in the boat who avert their gaze.
he starts to walk away from the car.
as he leaves, he tips his hat at one of the men in the waiting room.
she props herself up in bed, leans over and kisses him on the cheek.
on stage guns are drawn.
ashley goes over to walt, who's unfolding the chairs.
the carrows haul, hit by the deflected energy.
watson lays down covering fire as sim and the gypsies lead the way out of the factory.
severus snape, in black tunic and gown, stands in an upper archway.
giant mumakil carrying armies upon their backs.
walt slams the door and turns to the priest.
at this question, he rises and looks through the doorway.
it's dusk now, shadows are long.
she stretches further across the table.
graham reaches the porch of his house and opens the screen door.
nick has a tray of little cupcakes.
the siffleuse and her husband are on their fire escape, training a new white dog to ride in their basket.
she climbs onto the desk and stretches up until she can see out.
on the boat deck, passengers swarm around the remaining lifeboats.
ben gets up.
cosette holds marius, supporting him, as he enters the house.
sam is gasping, his lungs exploding as he races up the slopes of mount doom searching for frodo.
julie tosses her bouquet over her shoulder.
rain pours over his head and shoulders, but he doesn't seem to notice.
the child's mother with two little ones hanging on her has followed him out.
he carries sheets on his arm.
frodo pins gollum on the ground, hands around his throat.
they enter.
she runs across the puddle street road and turns a corner.
he glares at ben and falters, before he starts to speak.
he goes to her.
marley wags his tail, then jumps up at john.
hundreds of the creatures attack him.
evan drunkenly crosses the room, grabs two beers from the mini-fridge.
she sees louis sitting in the front room.
taylor checks his notebook, then counts the rows and plots.
the dead uruk-hai topples backwards over the parapet landing on top of uruk-hai and orcs in the courtyard below.
the web breaks and spider-man falls forward.
ron falls off.
he takes the metal case and walks out.
forrest looks at a man.
potter is seated working at his desk, his goon by his side.
and the door opens.
lynn looks over to the open cabinet near the sink.
ron stands amid a circle of excited gryffindors.
all is quiet in the banking hall.
she speeds up, overtaking two vehicles.
and sees his black friend.
bullets smash through its windscreen, killing captain and helmsman.
he likes to think of himself as a real lady killer.
pausing at the cab jenny doesn't even look at david.
the shot slowly closes down on it and becomes still.
darcy stops dead in his tracks.
sarah eyes bert distrustfully and starts to get in the cab.
the cube shoots of the table and smashes through the wall leaving a hole in the wall and a poster of the space shuttle that pinned to it.
george stops before what used to be the offices of the building and loan.
eddie makes a tough shot.
he watches a home video of his father and son playing football.
he opens a pouch of chewing tobacco as he goes down the front steps.
carolyn, wearing protective headgear, is holding a glock 19 automatic revolver with both hands, firing it directly at us.
dyle opens the door.
the road is lined with crowds of people, and camera flashes go off continuously.
captain stacy arrives on the scene.
his face tightens.
she smiles and shrugs.
and there isn't much breath coming.
thao removes a louvered shutter from the roof.
arwen watches as the figure holds out its arms -- swinging the laughing child into the air.
they continue to walk.
colorful balloons and costumed revelers filled times square.
tillie puts her false teeth into a glass.
the four of them stand quietly in a tight group.
tuvia looks at him, his rigid features softening slightly.
foreground convicts are at work on another ship that is almost completed, labouring in the crashing spray.
he rubs it in.
he approaches cedric who is standing around with his friends.
he catches it perfectly.
he sits up, reaches out for his spectacles and puts them on.
juno tries her best to look enthused.
he points to javert, in a dark corner, his hands tied.
lee stirs a cup of coffee on the counter of the loft's modern kitchen area; a nearby vase hold flowers.
he starts to read.
irene closes her eyes, then glances down at her cup.
sadie follows her.
her dad does a magic trick.
neff brings the car to a stop by the curb.
ben takes a key from behind an upper hinge of the workshop door and glances over his shoulder at duke, who sits nearby watching him.
a few feet away, charlie helps bob, bruised and bleeding, to his feet.
at the dentist's, bearded dale is assisting his attractive boss, julia, with a patient.
snape rushes draco down the tower's spiral staircase.
and sarah is sober.
as thao digs the stump out in the rain.
and he continues into the morgue, leaving kay waiting outside.
she jerks the silk stocking so it is secure.
a taxi stops in front of peter and he swings round in front of it.
flint reaches over and gently slides the letters underneath penny's pillow.
indy crawls away, toward an opening on the opposite side.
nearing the iceberg, the ship veers slowly to the left.
smiling, he approaches their table.
andy goes in and leans on the desk.
he carelessly wipes the sink, then throws down the dishrag and goes to the closet, pulling out his leather case.
he comes to a stop, and gazes on marius as he sleeps through the window.
sandra is about to open the door when audrey pounces on her.
lester waves at the colonel, then follows him.
mathison puts down his shopping bags and moves to her.
up on the web attached to the crane, mj turns to face spider-man once more.
fats watches him, soberly, patiently.
and starts methodically scraping off the thin crust of ice that has developed on his windshield.
as gandhi near the car a hindu youth with a black flag calls to him.
with four checks next to each one and still he -- checks each stack on the bed and adds another check.
he looks to mr.
violet gives him the money.
at the top table, snape looks disapproving.
arkady pretends not to hear.
the monitor shows jackson in the chamber struggling to free tenzen's power drill.
he grins and saunters off.
joe's mind races about which way to go.
peter stands aside as the robber escapes in the elevator.
the man turns the overleaf on the map.
as pippin lays his hands on the crystal, a sickly pale light slowly spreads from the glass ball onto pippin's face.
he's finally discovered a way to break free from his father, and he can't believe it was this simple.
she peers into the store, face against the glass.
a man steps out onto a balcony and turns to see the pizzas on the balustrade.
harry turns back to chili and karen.
stephanie glances back as she walks off.
there's a titter from the students, but he doesn't notice.
in the darkness, marius stands looking through the railings of valjean's garden.
the dark red crystal is lying on the stairs.
lockhart looks aghast.
he zips up the suitcase, pulls out its handle, and drags it out of the room, switching off the light as he goes.
sydney looks at alison and sighs.
he dumps her on a puzzled member of staff.
drover gasps as magarri, hit in the back, falls to the sand.
death eaters scour the village.
the snitch flips from tower to tower then suddenly change his course and head straight for the ground.
later, he visits aunt may.
david runs over to the damaged cars.
but the lunchroom is empty; only the janitor is there, mopping up.
pete's mouth hangs open as he glares at his wife.
and he smiles a little wisely at her.
mary follows him to the door, goes out on the porch, waits and watches as norman runs to her car, gets in, drives it to the parking space in front of cabin one.
then gordon starts to wave.
they both fall off the building.
ten points to slytherin.
legolas and gimli move through the camp.
jeep looks across at the old lady and starts to walk towards her.
we are tracking in on a fortyish man in bermuda shorts and sunglasses at the dairy case.
she finishes with a self-deprecating flourish.
he smacks the paper down on the hood in front of jay, the pages turned open to a headline in typeface so large one would think it reserved for the second coming.
emily slides her slender hand between his.
both drinking drinks with umbrellas.
indy takes hold of the bullwhip with both hands, pushes off with his feet.
malcolm's fingers move to the volume dial.
jean, sobbing, frantically pushes at buttons on the princess phone.
a great beacon fire is ignited.
count rugen, flashing out of one room, down a staircase, picking up his pace.
mr. bingley looks nervously down at jane, who eventually raises her eyes demurely to meet his.
the right fender is dented and the windscreen is cracked.
a column of german soldiers, led by an officer on horseback, march into view.
he passes the end of the chain to harry who starts to pull on it.
bags of money in one pincer, he disappears around the corner of the building.
rick reaches in his jacket for his cigarette case, opens it, and takes out a cigarette.
later, he eases her down towards the ground with an ever- lengthening string of web emanating from his wrist.
he tilts his head.
she tastes it and nods her approval.
the relief brings water to their eyes and grins to their faces.
it gleams in the low rays of the late afternoon sun.green, gold, and silver.
some of the councilmen are reading funny papers and gossip columns while bagby is speaking.
jane studies herself in a mirror, then shifts to get a good profile of her breasts.
he starts to pace behind the couch anew.
he shifts uneasily, twisting and flexing his neck.
laughing, the slytherins watch them go.
lizzie and jane have come out to see him off.
elliot stares at lee, who continues to look down, her arms around her chest.
harry runs down a gloomy brick tunnel disturbing rats which scuttle from under his feet.
the wagon arrives outside the general hospital of vienna.
outside, baum sees two men hurrying down the alley steps.
his face is twisted with angry.
thomas shakes his head ruefully as benjamin looks around at the factory.
on the deck of the carpathia, young rose stands in the rain and stares at the statue of liberty.
louise looks at thelma for a long time.
casey catches her eye, looks over at the lovebirds.
chunk falls out of the landing.
kate pulls on a dark berber-style jacket, as she walks through to the lounge to pick up her mobile.
he wipes his mouth and leaves the table.
on a different street, sam weaves through traffic in the ambulance.
above him, black spider-man lands on a ledge and swings down onto a huge water pipe.
tenzen raises his hat.
stares at the bifocal lenses as cross continues to look through the obituary column.
the sphere emits a beaming pulse of energy and the swarms, millions of bugs, begin to fall like rain to the ground.
he talks to a pretty petite woman at the bar.
a lofty campanile bell tower dominates the huddle of buildings.
greene's friend looks around and smiles weakly at a grim faced man standing at the back of the box.
abby pulls up the briefs and straightens out her dress.
as purvis gazes at them, his eyes water.
she's catching her breath, nodding, looking at him, amazed.
ryan collects his things on the other side of the x-ray machine.
as he steps further in, covered doors to his right open of their own accord.
she stands up.
as she does so, d'artagnan the cat trots past and climbs onto a chair.
aron looks in another direction and sees a young man accompanying an old woman.
he opens it and grabs two bundles of papers, throwing them inside the store.
naked body wrapped in a bed sheet, daisy hurries into the bathroom as benjamin takes delivery at the fridge freezer.
as ruth stares at her daughter, rose gazes across the room toward the door.
out in the banquet hall penny and waldrip sit side-by-side at the head table, surrounded by the wharvey gals.
legolas casts a glance around into the parth galen forest.
as he leaps in the air, michael shoots him.
the ss men get into the vehicle and speed off, driving over the dead bodies.
a concerned jane follows her.
cole walks back and forth in front of him.
nat and don alone.
colossus passes edward, who seems unimpressed.
harry takes off his glasses and pulls up the covers.
the table collapses, and he leaps to his feet.
she leans in and kisses his head.
nick looks around incredulously and walks over to gatsby, who's hiding behind a bush.
fresh-faced with short cropped hair and wearing a bright white t-shirt, benjamin stares wistfully then goes to his window.
he pulls out a note and jack's portfolio.
lester shakes his head.
he reads the army pamphlet he picked up in town and lazily chews gum.
fergus looks toward it, but jude is standing there, waiting.
he is about to reach the spot where two men have just died.
grimsrud smokes and gazes calmly out his window.
gets up, shakes her.
bringing up the rear, tina is snatched by the creature and pulled back into the darkness.
jude, in front of a mirror, getting ready.
he runs to it, tries the door and enters.
they arrive at a quay where boats are being unloaded.
helen is putting a scarf in jenny's hair.
behind them, don makes his way to a seat with the directors.
he removes the card.
terrified, she stares up with horror at the troll's lumpy, green body blocking the doorway.
but eventually she goes back inside.
rick meets ugarte on his way back to his table.
inside the building, camille is heading in their direction.
she searches through the pockets and takes out the gun.
jordan flops her arms over nick's shoulders and they shimmy on the circular platform over the middle of the pool.
angle on: pippin and merry charging forward.
frodo attracts the inn keepers's attention.
the second policeman reaches for the jewelry in thorwald's hand, and takes it for examination.
a massive crowd is outside the store.
he rises and exits into the parlor car.
the control shaken their hands as they clear another building.
the boat and fezzik, buttercup being deposited on the deck.
hermione looks more and more frustrated.
standing and sitting around the pool are mr. and mrs. braddock, their friends mr. and mrs. arnold, and the arnold children, peter and louise, who are eight or nine.
neville longbottom stands.
at the sound of the armored car and marching feet, a few turn in curiosity.
with a quick gesture he transfers the bottle to the pocket of the raincoat, rolls the raincoat up like swaddling clothes around a precious infant.
as scobie follows dyle out of the elevator.
at the courthouse, adrian greets elise with a hug.
the prison officer reaches forward and undoes gandhi's manacles.
then enrique runs across the road in front of them and exchanges a stunned glance with veronica.
the sultan is seated in his royal chair, flanked by walter donovan and vogel and surrounded by his minions.
she gets out and trots around to the back of the car.
hi looks sheepish.
and misses it.
the locket clicks open, revealing the picture inside, which is of joe's mother, holding him as a baby.
as the coffin on its carriage draws level with the students, enjolras suddenly steps out in front of the horses drawing the carriage and waves the red flag, stopping the horses and the procession.
two headlights appear in the darkness.
his knees come forward as he flips over.
she walks over and joins him.
jacob looks skywards.
they both look over at mr. darcy.
harry watches umbridge.
he takes a moment to compose himself, then steps across the water to elsa's side.
she throws herself on the bed.
the cars drive straight as if on tracks.
hoffman watches the vehicles go their separate ways.
barnes puts his cell phone to his ear and touches his forehead anxiously, then looks at his hand which appears steady.
waldrip adapts a marquess of queensbury stance and prances about, delivering stinging punches to the nose of a stunned and outclassed everett.
a soldier releases a smoke canister.
the midget waves his little midget broom in time with stoke's waves.
he holds his finger up like a pistol.
ben looks toward a passing waiter and raises his hand.
he spins and grabs his car-door handle.
suddenly eddie becomes tense.
a hand comes from behind him and gently strokes his cheek.
then goes to the cupboard.
she smiles and nods nervously.
the door slams off and we hear the footsteps of the women dying down the corridor as jeff picks up the long-focus lens and takes a sight on the alleyway.
hot summer night as she gets off the bus and now the rains come.
jack drives up.
in the opera house, don giovanni throws himself at the feet of the commendatore statue.
carl looks out at the cop in the road.
in a blur, evan grabs mr. miller's shirt and violently shoves him through the house and into a wall.
a man smears some cream over his obese folds.
sandy smiles briefly.
whip stops as he sees the envelope, then, trots over to the table and picks it up, opening it.
tillie knits while he drills.
howard approaches, oblivious to the conversation he's interrupting.
as she speaks, a man rushes up to walt and gives him a rope.
forrest runs past the soldier.
ron turns and goes back up the stairs.
billie, kneeling over him, unfastens her dress.
they move to a railing and watch as several passengers plunge overboard.
the carriage rolls beneath a grand, ornate arch leading to pemberley.
a computer graphic shows the angle of the collision between the two arks
as the sun sets, the light is turning from yellow to amber.
her head lulls on one side.
he's walking slowly.
everyone has heard the conversation through the open door.
stuff crashes around in the corridor
gandalf striding back streets of the city, so determined and purposeful is he, that pippin has to run to keep up.
a moving van pulls in and parks in the b.g.
pete stands on stage speaking to a small crowd.
they both bump into fergus, who just stands there and doesn't move an inch.
video footage shows crowds of people lining up in a queue.
bilbo leads gandalf into bag end.cozy and cluttered with souvenirs of bilbo's travels.
harry watches him go, along with the others, then spies hermione's crystal ball lying on the landing.
jamal smiles as he recollects his teacher beating him with the book and sheltering from the rain as a child saying she could be the third musketeer.
michael is about to answer, when.
a lid is dropped in place on top.
dale happens upon jars of peanuts.
she nods with grave understanding.
cole slowly turns back and looks down the hall.
he puts the chain on the door to insure his privacy, then dashes into the bathroom.
thorwald's apartment is darkness.
chewing blissfully, he holds the remainder over the trash.
he rises slowly from the couch, takes a few steps towards the entrance door.
later, they sit at tables in a raised area looking down at the party.
snape touches it with his wand.
helicopters buzz in the distant sky.
they listen, unseen by gittes.
peter puts a hand to his face to shield it from the blast.
he holds it out towards the assistant who's at the counter on the telephone.
louise realizes that thelma is going to revert to a teenager and continue whining unless she gives in.
the chase mounts a pedestrian area and crashes down a wide stone staircase, then rejoins the main road.
merrill comes in from the dining room and stops in his tracks, dropping the syringe.
the guys park outside the houses of their assigned bosses.
the fellowship step warily into the darkness of moria.a dank cavern, with winding steps leading deeper into the mountain.
mike rubs his bare, tattooed chest, then sits up and shoves a cigar in his mouth.
she looks pleased with herself.
air ducts on the ceiling swing towards the machine, as do the hanging lights.
evan realizes that lenny's completely dazed.
whip turns off the news.
ricky smiles, shuts and locks his door.
seeing him, skip talks into an earpiece.
filch makes a vain attempt to sweep up a mountain of rubble.
karl runs after them, laughing.
he jumps out then watches salim approach a beautiful woman in dark glasses standing on a balcony.
he falls against the shower.
jane continues staring at her father.
harry waves the second wand.
norma unscrews the liquor bottle and pours some into her empty glass as hannah stops her mashing, reacting.
volunteer james gives a sermon under a canopy with the aid of a translator.
and the film cuts briefly back to the living room, where evan is still playing the piano and singing.
she sits down, pours two drinks.
drew, on his way out, glides past jennifer's desk.
she grabs ron and pulls him up to dance.
a thick, humid mist fills the forest.
he stares at his wife with horror.
aerial shot: high above minas morgul, on the small ledge next to the stairs, lie the figures of frodo, sam and gollum.
without winking an eyelash, he pours his glass half full, lifts it so that glass and hand obscure his face.
ferris walks along the street with aisha, who wears a headscarf.
fuji comes to a halt.
the moon hangs low, casting long shadows.
a major is standing on the back seat.
she looks toward her younger sister as the door slides shut.
he looks at her, puts his drink down.
sim sees him coming and backs away from the window.
murdoch runs to the bridge and moves a lever, which closes the hydraulic watertight doors in the engine room.
ferris meets skip.
king george is up on the wreck of the carney cattle company water tower.
gatsby looks at tom to his left and puts his foot down.
she stares at the mirror, staring at fergus, who is trying to avoid her eyes.
one woman approaches szpilman.
szpilman composing at the piano.
the szpilmans and about twenty others lined up under lights shining on them from a couple of german vehicles.
he points across at malbin next to his intellectual aspiring partner stroking the old man's grizzled and deathly pale face.
he kisses her fingertips.
pippin looks up at him, unnerved.
frodo, merry, and pippin collapse into a small hollow, halfway up weathertop.they are muddy and exhausted.
the ford coupe pulls up in front of the house.
she takes a seat next to him.
next morning, nick strides down the hallway rattling a spoon in a saucepan.
he rises to his feet as he places the butcher knife on the counter.
dirt falls from the ceiling of the cavern.
he's seated at the dinner table with his father, his mother, and his children.
ronnie opens his coat so that harry can see a gun tucked in his belt.
reggie enters, looks for somebody, notices that the door to the private office is slightly ajar.
she brings the receiver up to their mouths and mumbles into it.
jim #1 holds out a basket filled with flowers, vegetables and a small white cardboard box tied with raffia.
frodo shuts his eyes, his breath coming in gasps.
thurmond comes out of the house and walks over to willie as one of the bags catches alight.
another boy turns to make a rude gesture at the security men.
zus gives him a bear hug.
sun blazes down on a motor cruiser riding on the glassy calm waters of a quiet bay.
he looks up and chews slowly as cal approaches.
he glances up at her for a moment.
his rucksack on his back he secretly leaves the weasley's house.
a pool of blood is forming on the kitchen table.
angle on: the spectral warriors swarm into the flank of the orc army!
huddled beneath a car, bond fires at legs, the only targets he can see.
vogel gets to his knees as the huge zeppelin rises into the sky above him, revealing an airplane attached to the belly of the airship.
the tantrum passes.
later, the pierce-arrow pulls up to a curb.
the kid is half sitting now, not strong yet, but clearly stronger than when we first saw him.
the truck driver holds his arms out.
bond disarms mitchell and kicks the gun away, then gets booted to the ground.
the photographer sets off a flash bulb.
she wears a tight turban.
a car production line is silent.
jeep is close by.
lindsey wallace, 8 years old with a pretty face, watches the horror marathon at top volume on tv.
he brakes when he sees news crews outside the farm house.
adrian turns to anheuser.
attractive, long blonde haired christine throws back her hair and laughs joyously.
merill puts bo on the ground and moves right in front of morgan.
the man keeps running.
lester watches her go, then stands there wondering why he should suddenly feel so content.
of them all, nehru's manner is the most naturally patrician and jinnah watches him with a somewhat envious awareness of it.
he follows banky's gaze.
illicit booze is bottled.
he can hardly believe his eyes.
bond gets out, accompanied by fields in a glamorous black and gold dress.
chili watches as the movie star hunches over, narrows his shoulders.
they drink.
the hobbits stampede across the wharf and tumble onto the ferry.
jody's head follows fergus while he leaves.
in the kitchen, his aunt petunia is decorating a meringue gateau.
sam watches pippin rise unsteadily to his feet and head to the bar.
they speak in a bizarre alien tongue, which is subtitled.
lisa climbs the fire escape to the second floor and the outside of thorwald's apartment.
mary leaves her car, starts a dash for the shelter of the porch.
ronnie stares off.
fawkes suddenly reappears.
joseph is asleep horizontally with his legs over david's legs.
the two of them moving slowly along through a particularly dangerous part of the fire swamp.
gale leans in close to hi, a look of sincere concern on his face, and says under his breath.
tommy tammisimo is dressed in a mismatched costume -- he hops around, clearly embarrassed.
like a snowstorm, the envelopes cover the carpet room spread around the room above their heads.
reggie's is the last such balcony on one side, but there are two or three on the other.
gwen pushes her way past peter.
wilbur looks to ruthie, and they're in complete agreement.
in the dark, a man is crouching on a force.
hermione looks anxious.
he gets it, hands it to her; they are standing very close to each other gazing into each other's eyes.
it is an ice cream van.
ben smashes a chair against a coffee table.
she holds an eastern magazine.
kate walks past them and turns off the cd player.
then she opens the front door and stands there waiting for george.
aggressively driving through town, he calls aisha on his mobile.
they land on the ground below.
mrs. singleman looks at the seating list she has been holding.
homer loads his next round.
benjamin paints daisy's bottom with a pink roller.
characteristic activity; a number of people waiting for the train.
above the gate we see the sign dharasana salt works.
emily opens the door.
andrea, still shaken, drops evan off at the house of george miller, 35, a handsome athletic man with an infectious smile.
zoe watches bemused, as kate puts the truffles into it.
she looks at eddie anxiously as she digs in her purse for the coins.
sandy props the hood open and lets steam vent out.
beyond the wall behind her, deep below the ocean surface, the broken titanic lies on the sea floor.
the snowman slides down between the escalators as the alarm system continues its arming countdown.
as the two men move toward the couch ed hesitantly pipes up.
gebczynski takes out a cigarette and lights it.
one dolphin leaps out of the water.
then, before willie can move, changes his mind and puts the counter back where it was.
he kills the lights of the car.
dale tosses the gun down.
flint turns and looks up.
he turns, eyes his schoolbooks.
she closes the book.
the officers, in shorts and ball caps, get out of the vehicle.
as ed enters and shuts the door.
marksmen watch from the rooftops of tall buildings as the president's motorcade processes towards the plaza.
pink walk out of the warehouse talking amongst themselves.
britney urinates on a lady's red high heels.
thomas's motorcar pulls up beside benjamin as he strolls down a rain-washed street.
from somewhere upstairs we hear an infant start to cry.
evan stands there, stunned, unable to react when -- another neo-nazi, rick, swats evan's journals out of his hands and onto the floor.
she slows down to a walk again, and heads onward through the trees, not really taking in her surroundings.
the dark haired, bearded doctor goes, leaving peter looking pensive.
they lie in bed and share a long embrace.
they all stare as rusty water is pumped from a pipe.
suddenly the sun climbs over the eastern hills, and sends forth a shaft of sunlight that gleams against the face of the city.
karen smiles, decides to wait a moment.
azad, suhrawardy, and others sit on the floor behind him.
gatsby smiles confidently and steps over to nick, who looks down, frowning.
howard gets up from the booth.
our two loafers are having fun.
he calls to his dog as he heads inside.
he grins broadly.
now dressed in the guard's uniform and clutching his rifle, jack trots along a corridor and makes his way through a couple of offices.
he deftly lifts the assembly off the bench and puts it down.
she strokes her short cropped hair.
harry's pov ends.
indy, wearing a bathrobe, leans over to study the impression.
the two men study each other.
sarah frowns as king, smiling broadly, leads her to the dance floor.
on screen the smoke is cleared and they see footage of a giant spider-like creature creeping out of a carriage.
the girls seem a lot more excited.
glancing between the seats in front of him, he sees a little girl lying almost upside down, staring back at him.
billie and dillinger enter the lobby and stroll toward the front desk.
the crippled farmer pokes him rudely in the back with his crutch.
as he leaves, will mutters in perfect unison with his father.
her eyes fixed on peter's face, aunt may removes her hand from under his.
he sits there, just another joe on a bar stool with his heart breaking.
now a flicker of a shadow from behind a corner of the obscured glass, the section of the room most distant from parrish, there is a shape.
she keeps walking.
sandra and howard are mortified at this sudden turn of events.
gatsby steps away from daisy.
framed in the doorway is middle-aged waiter wearing a white linen pea jacket with a red collar.
hilly holds out her hand towards the dozen or more staff standing in a line.
he rattles a bowl in the sink to make his presence known.
the days are growing darker.
holmes goes.
she veers across the road onto the wrong side.
the exit wound spurts, not flesh and blood, but a brief jet of fire.
abby sips her drink.
kate turns away from the hubbub of the kitchen as she listens.
colonel and his adjutant (a captain) move out from one side of the troops.
white-tipped waves roll towards a pinnacle rising out of the sea.
he jams on the brakes and stops the car in the middle of the street.
jeep leads the way back down the mountain.
then looks back across the room to where his japanese wife stands with her arms on the child's shoulders.
jeff's head, half-buried in the sheet, is large in the fore-ground.
he stands watching her for a moment; then he snaps off the light and gets into bed.
she goes to the stairs and starts down.
mr. cunningham takes an involuntary step towards cole's desk.
zus runs back into the front office and guns down the policeman, clutching the wound in his stomach.
more letters burst through the letterbox.
dan is in deep conversation with an official.
he puts the book down.
inside is the diadem.
they try another pass.
sarah bends down and patiently wipes up the spilled coffee.
they disappear inside.
the plastic table cloth flaps wildly in the wind.
onstage, the commendatore points a finger at.
moody pushes past impatiently.
bends down and pressing his face to the tiles, peers under the pantry door.
nick gives carl the thumbs up and slams the car door shut.
malcolm stares up at the historic philadelphia church quietly.
lizzie and mr. darcy are left to walk onwards alone.
a bomb goes off in the plaza.
elijah walks down the platform.
they drive through quiet cobbled streets past a bubbling fountain.
pans over to them and -- it looks like abby is giving colin an enthusiastic hand job.
the nco turns his pistol on the young woman and shoots her through the head.
he takes a slip of paper out of his pocket, lays it beside the signature in the registry book, all the while nodding and smiling nicely, as if this discovery will make norman as happy as it is making him.
her eyes wheel up as she looks at him.
fergus lifts up jody's hood to expose his mouth and begins to feed him.
the fashionable ladies scoop up their designer phones and bags and leave their swanky uptown apartments.
he looks at the audience.
he reaches across and takes her hand.
hermione crouches down.
then he pinches his nose, and jumps.
but pippin is undeterred.
norma steps back out of the kitchen, the door swinging shut behind her.
crowds of people in evening dress are arriving by riverboat.
shifting awkwardly in his chair, graham casts a fleeting glance at the others.
we follow him.
he pulls her to him in a fierce embrace.
the guard signals gandhi to a chair across a small wooden table from nehru.
customers move around selecting articles and putting them in their baskets.
bond follows.
mike and abby clasp hands and hold each other round the waist.
butch walks into his modest kitchen, and opens the refrigerator.
from inside comes.
tommy is ready for them.
plenty of underage students carry pitchers of beer to their tables.
molly comes out.
she stands there.
finding a studio door chain-locked, he makes a call on his cell.
he raises it, holding it over the bubbling lava far below.
hermione is concerned.
purvis' mouth drops open as he stares downward.
indy releases her and backs away.
he places his hand on the colonel's shoulder.
nick lifts his glass.
they walk along a pier.
a writer, holding a script, walks out of the background studio, looking around.
hermione sits on guard by a campfire in front of the tent.
passing through the door, they enter a spacious white gallery with paintings on the walls.
gin slurps his stool softener and grimaces.
he whacks him with an iron bar.
his right hand is pressed against his chest supporting a heavy weight.
the cat gives a hiccup and its shadow looms large against the wall.
he scoots back into the office.
more lights blaze within the sphere, and everybody looks up, staring.
breathing heavily, he hangs his head as the rain beats down on the dark street.
standing in front of a tall hedge, dumbledore addresses the crowd.
she storms away.
marcus brody approaches indy's classroom.
she's dressed for the english countryside.
joseph (13), the kid who insulted sadie on her facebook, turns and sees debbie.
the stout, blunt, but now shattered patel, gandhi's son, devadas, the strong, almost fierce face of maulana azad, now angry at the gods themselves.
pale, caroline stares off in thought and closes her eyes.
debbie has some sort of very painful oral surgery.
mrs. gump heads forrest to the porch.
he looks her in the eye.
captain dutton bellows orders and the policemen let prisoners out of their cells.
time seems to stand still as each regards the other.
he looks almost angry.
mozart looks at her helplessly.
suddenly the door opens and bilbo baggins stands before him.
uncle vernon is fastening his son's bow tie.
jason launches himself across the table, shackles and all, and grabs hold of evan's throat.
he smiles out of frustration.
as henry speeds toward the front of the tank to certain doom, indy, with lightning speed, whips out his bullwhip, wrapping the end of the whip around henry's right ankle.
he then slowly turns his head towards the cop.
dante lifts the metal shutter revealing the door.
dillinger falls face down, eyes staring off, as blood streams from his ruptured cheek.
baffled, he looks out of the window.
marley spots some pigeons and struggles away from the two bikini girls.
gower starts hitting george about the head with his open hands.
brian sets them down side-by-side, then unwraps a bottle of red wine.
alyssa looks at him.
the designer, marv, is with them.
amazing that something in melvin rises to the occasion -- so that he uncharacteristically looks at her directly -- then.
now, she emerges from the subway in a white coat to match her beat cap with yet another desirable handbag on her shoulder.
with a skimmer pole, will cleans the leaves and debris out of the pool, but it's a fool's errand.
madam hooch lifts out the red quaffle and throws it high into the air.
shaven-headed nigel finds her helping herself to some soup.
he packs money and papers into a case.
he tries to loosen the noose but he's nervous and loses a precious second.
she is so beautiful, in fact, that people turn to stare.
her eyes shoot up at yule mae who is clearing away some dishes.
he's too late she's disappeared.
one sailor glances at jack and then at rose's torn dress.
a fly lands on gladys's steak.
forrest rides a lawn tractor as he moves the football field lawn.
joe is spellbound by her performance.
michael clutches the shaft of the mace.
a nurse comes to the door of the maternity ward and smiles at vanessa, who's looking in through a window.
bleeker breaks off as he spots juno coming towards him past a lineup a cheerleaders rehearsing their routine.
brian and peter watch don and the leeds team get off their bus.
his features are broad, friendly, asian-american.
he walks toward it, the marshy ground squishing up around his feet, soaking the hems of his trousers.
she releases his hand and walks away.
the principal steps out of the gump house and wipes the sweat from his face.
sarah's in her tent, writing.
next, octavius throws the man he's holding.
she hesitates in the doorway for a moment before hurrying out.
he watches as white-shirted hostesses give out gift bags to guests.
ron sees an armed guard slowly pacing towards them.
myrtle marches in, followed by tom.
the gigantic mouth gates opened.
rose trembles as she watches it recede.
he opens the drawer, takes out two bullets, holds them in the palm of his hand.
she goes to the open door for a closer look.
as charles opens the camera, pulls out the film.
banky looks around, and for the first time, we get the distinct impression that this is a lesbian bar.
she seems amused by their encounter.
the huge creature crumples to the ground, vast wings out-stretched, sending the witch-king sprawling!
mia is on all fours trying to crawl to the bathroom, but it's like she's trying to crawl with the bones removed from her knees.
many uruk-hai fall to boromir's sword as he tries to protect merry and pippin.
as george comes in, his head is filled with many confusing thoughts, relating to incidents in his past life.
a door opens in the alleyway revealing the huge brujon.
harry reaches his broom but it's stuck.
purvis' men grab her.
he gives a sneer and turns away.
he removes a wooden beam trapping her.
it's raining very hard at the train station.
she gets out of the cab wearing a red sari.
carol follows him out.
set against a moody blue sky with towering white and gold clouds, a woman in grecian-style robes holds aloft a shining torch.
as the dude struggles out holding the satchel of money.
sugar, minnie and aibileen are on duty in black uniforms with white collars and full-white aprons.
there are hand-written notes in the margins.
he politely removes his hat and holds it in his hand.
ed is entering with nathan jr.
bo catlett barely glances at the bodyguards, smiles the gleamy smile to the latin guy in front of him.
ron turns to face a smug draco.
he is alone on the couch.
diana shakes the can and sniffs it.
findley goes to the bar.
he puts a plate down on the worktop, and picks up a squeezy bottle of dessert sauce.
her colleague already has a plate, so kate hands it back to zoe.
cole is very shaky.
will and edward both smile.
whip carries a plastic bag into the kitchen and places it on a dining table.
rose places her hand on the back of jack's neck.
george gets out and looks at the house.
a piece of cloth, shimmering in a stiff breeze.
as the kids stop, george comes in and crosses to an old-fashioned cigar lighter on the counter.
debbie strolls over to desi.
behind them, captain smith stands on the uppermost deck outside the pilot hub.
indy begins to run his hands over the walls -- frantic.
as harry settles back into the sidecar, the engine fails.
sarah takes a cigarette lighter out of her purse and hands it to eddie.
chic, grey-haired editor-in-chief miranda priestly gets out, carrying a designer handbag and a mockup of the magazine.
frodo breathing hard.
she follows waitress, then lovers in car, with her eyes.
jeff and stella turn toward the window.
a hissing whisper from behind draws everett and delmar's attention.
she joins harry and ron, who is disguised as a long-haired, bearded death eater.
jack places his hand on rose's cheek.
corrupt and loathsome, it glows with a sickly luminous light -- like a corpse candle.
a lopsided grin appears on norman's face.
he grabs it as it starts to turn and holds it tight with both hands, resting his head on the door.
hermione puts her hand into her small, bottomless handbag.
he hangs upside down from the ledge still clutching the red flag.
they follow ashton down a corridor.
he takes a few deep breaths.
he's getting a perfect score.
percy looks around at kyle.
he pours the contents into the water.
it's roasting chestnuts.
dante lies on the floor, bacon held against a sort of crushed cookies, ripped-open candies, broken bread, and other damaged goods.
banky finishes drawing.
dumbledore lies before them, his face serene and peaceful.
as the car drives off, mary, now wearing the robe, rises up from the bush and follows the car with her eyes.
frodo looks back in horror.
grimsrud raises his gun and fires.
she walks briskly away.
cavic and another agent sit opposite him.
he opens the cabinet.
their eyes meet and hold a loaded look for a moment, before each drops his gaze.
a crowd of naked women posing silhouette around the glaring sun.
tim spasms begin to subside.
he prays, quietly.
dumbledore sighs and addresses the members of the jury.
ernie rockets away and the beds -- as one -- slide six inches to the rear.
bassam drags ferris to the four-by-four.
ferris and hoffman get out of the vehicles.
joe picks it up.
trees cast eerie shadows across the grass.
the boy nods, and the two of them push the trolley into the pillar.
again the darkness of the ill-lit station and the angle of the camera limit our vision.
gittes looks to his right where the bay is a long, clear crescent.
bleeker hands juno a note and she beams.
jenny and danny dance with their eyes locked together.
the once heighered flags hanging limp and torn.
dr. abel moves offscreen in the second examining room.
they walk towards the tent.
they sit quiet and hunched.
debbie is giving pete a blow job out of frame.
peter climbs over the railing and, holding on to it with one hand, reaches for the railing on the next balcony.
lupin narrows his eyes.
they boy glares up at forrest.
it is preacher; he walks the horse away from us.
drover picks up his hat from next to the dead man and puts it on.
he sits on the bench and picks up the purple package with his good right hand, undoes the white ribbon around it, and tears at the paper.
david hurries into charlie's office and locks the door.
harry leads the way out of the hall.
as ed bursts in the front door, holding nathan jr.
he gives a tight smile and walks off.
wearing a white dressing gown, he sits on the bed in his hotel room.
sprinting to the reception area, he passes his frozen coworkers.
next to her in the passenger seat is sam loomis, a clinical psychiatrist.
the sergeant's fury bursts -- and he slams the billy club down on gandhi's head.
a car side sweeps him, sending him flying.
the carriage, moving through the night, to the sound of the music.
isabel remains agitated.
the chair nearly crashes into the back wall as the doors close.
he sets his jaw.
allison smiles tightly, and the woman raises her eyebrows.
harry looks up into lupin's eyes.
he looks to pearl o.s.
sanford skates in and takes a shot, which randal blocks.
then yanks on the rope, pulling the corsac over.
harling prepares the cigarette.
joe picks up a pencil and gently prods the cube.
will (5) runs past her to greet edward, just returned from another trip.
she takes hold of his hand with her hand and places it on her right breast, discretely covering his hand with a coat and holding his gaze.
he may only be four feet tall, but amos has a titanic presence.
peter enters and she closes the door again.
gabriel turns to go.
the rays of the rising sun break through, lighting up gavroche.
then she places the breakfast on the tray table in front of jeff.
she studies it for a moment before walking up to a podium that has been placed in front of a window.
he stoops down and puts the baby on the fourth step, then takes money from his jacket and slips it into the baby's blanket.
he puts down the paper.
he walks up to her and fixes her with a firm stare.
hi is looking at him evenly.
they walk through the sliding door which has the barber's price list on it.
she opens the closet door and shoves the gun into a hamper.
jack suddenly stops himself, realizing what he's saying.
ben slams the phone down.
gatsby looks across the dark bay.
it makes a slight clicking sound.
he trails off into silence.
his pov, on video: jane, angry and self-conscious, turns and walks quickly toward her house, flipping us off as she goes.
a tear rolls down charlie's cheek.
the campus is empty except for ben who, dressed carefully in his black suit, sits on a bench in the quadrangle outside of wendell hall.
it stops.
he strokes the dog's tail, which isn't wagging now.
arm-in-arm, they stroll up to cal.
rambo also trudges back to the jeep.
benjamin carries on up the road.
neff sits in the swivel chair, talking into the dictaphone.
peter's eyes are wide.
the kid heads off to get it.
indy grabs his whip, knocking vogel aside.
he stirs.
protected from the rain by the hood of his cape, david sighs deeply.
harry tugs with greater vigor, hauling the boat towards them.
severus snape walks past and slaps ron over the head.
the curtain rises to reveal ping (27) at a microphone.
bob starts to wrench the planks away from the windows.
the triplets follow charlotte out of the room.
there is rain on her hair and her face, and her dress is wet.
the escapees are being kicked and beaten by soldiers.
camera begins on the trees that line the residential street, twisting and writhing in the dusk wind.
rose rush down the corridor
where before it was a quiet, orderly small town, it has now become in nature like a frontier village.
she holds up a newspaper.
pete talks is in his office on the phone with his realtor.
and then he realizes that a man is praying at the altar!
as ray bones then walks off, we see coming out a different gate.
she walks around the room, drinking, then sits down.
a tabby cat is sitting on the teacher's desk.
bo in his arms, morgan go downstairs into the front hallway.
mickey's mother stands in the front of this bureau at the hallway's end, screaming at the top of her lungs, holding her heart dramatically.
jeep is buried under the uhaul's hood, working at something with a socket wrench.
young people sit in a waiting area, some with missing limbs.
merrill reaches between two stacks of shelves and pulls out a pick for digging in the ground which has a three-foot wooden handle.
marius gives him cover with his musket.
the cardboard cut-out photo blows into the water.
they stand in profile, silhouetted against the low light of his hotel room.
they slowly drag out of view.
the crowd becomes a blur, and the young woman is lost in its wake.
benjamin takes her hand, and she responds.
mary starts to run away from him, and he follows, desperately.
the one who's getting a talking to, hannah, sags her shoulders and pouts.
they pass the table where harry and his friends are eating breakfast.
he goes to the kitchen reaches up to a wall cabinet, takes down a bottle and pours himself a drink.
through the blowing trees we see the full moon rising in the night sky.
two concerned men rise sharply, and the preacher keels over.
then harry heads for the snitch, closely followed by draco who elbows him out of the way.
nahari's face is knotted in emotion, half anger, half almost a child's fear -- but there is a wild menace in that instability.
there is just a tremor of distaste quickly suppressed among the panel.
suddenly, jamal notices salim and two men sprinting on the platform towards latika.
she walks to where nullah is grieving.
and joe finally swings the mike down and yells.
she leans down and kisses him.
and opens the courier's leather case.
edgar shoves laurel out through the driver's door and follows behind her, still holding his weapon on her.
having second thoughts, he grabs the knife and kneels up.
graham looks out onto his backyard.
he smiles thoughtfully.
she moves like a cat and she's looking very sexy.
below the sky along the horizon, lifeboats row toward a waiting ship anchored amid floating icebergs.
looks through the falling debris to indy and henry.
jamal's mother washes brightly colored clothing in a pool as young jamal and salim frolic in the water.
drew leans over to felicia, speaks quietly and she leaves the room.
people stream out of the concert into the warm summer night.
arwen gently takes her father's face in her hands and turns him toward her.
at the camp, shimon and malbin are sitting behind a makeshift desk on which people are putting their valuables.
when they stop to look at the view, lizzie hangs back.
carl takes off in a light aircraft.
another crazy loud and bright explosion -- the light fixtures sway.
the moving pictures have all been placed back on the walls.
hagrid and madame maxime are walking together.
this time, harry doesn't stop her.
jacob threw cal's trainers over the barrier,
adam turns, running back through the exit behind him.
buttercup drops two large buckets near him.
the two of them stand as if transfixed.
robbie fondles the mask.
charles descends from a plane down some stairs.
voldemort forces harry to bow with magic.
instantly, the shadow stiffens, the blankets dim, and the tent flattens.
the activist lifts his briefcase onto the counter.
carl picks up a basket that peter's food was in.
he puts his hands up against the glass and slumps.
he leaves, slamming the door behind him.
in reverse action, a fallen soldier stands and runs backwards from an explosion.
the nurse walks away.
suddenly noticing the empty space beside her in the bed, she sits up and scans about.
he kisses sadie (13) as he wakes her.
jules paces around in jimmie's bedroom on the phone.
; a lighted door is ajar at rear of hall.
daisy and benjamin sit at the end of the pew closest to the wall.
pete turns the ipod off.
he sips urine-colored water from a glass.
the mechanical limb clutching peter throws him acroos the cafe but he slams against the back wall and falls to the floor, surrounded by debris.
the hulking inmate positions himself just outside.
another actress is going through her moves on stage.
jenny lies in bed next to young forrest.
dumbledore wears two rings on his left hand.
they move backwards until finally they reach the edge of the floor and fall into the pool below.
dumbledore smears his bloodied hand across the rock face.
jenny lies asleep in bed.
hands in his pockets as he walks away.
szpilman looking down from the fourth-floor window.
dillinger lingers for a moment and climbs into the back of the moving sedan.
looking a bit shifty, natalie does the same and follows them around a corner.
the marx brothers are sitting on a judge's bench, playing banjos and singing with the other cast members.
she holds her mobile away from her and looks at it briefly.
ernie turns to driving, but he's worried about his passenger.
a man comes in with a dinner tray.
thao rejoins his family.
don comes running in, goes to the couch, pulls it away from the wall, throws himself on his belly on the couch and reaches under the side of it which was towards the wall.
he ties filets of beef.
a road sign disintegrates, chewed to nothing.
even karen is looking at him differently now as they slide into the booth with a now shocked, rapidly sobering harry.
rose blinks and inhales sharply as the door with the ornate, leaded glass window comes into view.
he jumps to his feet and strains to listen.
the night porter is asleep behind the desk.
his blows on the steel become more intense.
denethor addresses his meal.
there is someone lying on the bed but from this position laurie can't see.
a missile just misses spider-man who leaps onto a large inflatable.
impossibly, gladys is still standing.
merrill comes to the back of the house as a dust bin's tipped over up ahead.
harry is hit by a piece of masonry and knocked out.
david drags audrey from the car, cradles her in his arms, and lays her down gently some yards away.
david nuzzles elise's chest.
barnes turning to mathews.
dumbledore approaches the blue flame and it glows red.
sam, a middle-aged negro, sits on a stool before a small, salmon-colored piano on wheels, playing and singing while accompanied by a small orchestra.
his head goes slantwise and he smiles oddly.
embarrassed, mozart bursts into a wild giggle.
lisa, still looking out, says.
another lady carefully coordinates her brown top with just the right skirt.
coming to a halt, they sit frozen in shock.
it lands shy as pete yells.
jacob climbs over a low wall also topped with iron railings.
the large figure has come .
lova, one of his group, kneels down by a basin of water, his face and hands covered in blood.
as he steps past another receptionist, her eyes remain ahead.
the prince looks at her blankly for a moment.
the russian president is led onto an ark bridge by his interpreter.
they are driving down the interstate.
unlocking a trunk, lupin releases a dementor.
mrs. gump waves to forrest as the bus drives away.
she slides the paper sack toward him.
he'll never find that girl, the love of his life.
before they disappear, we hear preacher's fists hammering against the door.
snape draws his wand.
she stands and touches her temple gently.
creeping in on gale and evelle, sprawled on the sofa and easy chair respectively, sawing boards.
he looks around, spots the blood, then raises his eyes to the ceiling.
they tumble down the bundles of wood, onto the floor!
eddie has lost control of himself.
walsh comes out of his office, duffy out of the other one.
inside it, a sphere constructed of fabricated aluminum panels.
santa pulls down his beard and swigs from a bottle of grog, then examines his pants.
the jailhouse mechanic sits beside him while his accomplice rides in back with the deputy.
driver peers to the side of the road near to where zus and the others are hiding.
george is standing in the middle of the street, hands in his pockets.
in his flat, peter closes the french windows to the small balcony and paces restlessly.
he brings the up to his neck.
she leans back with a creak and jangle of utilities.
she smears black ash on his cheek, and smiles.
he enters the ward and dashes in the direction of the beetle patient.
a rocket is primed.
ricky comes down the stairs, followed by jane.
catches his tears in it.
cal bites his lip.
everyone in the cafe stands up.
it is the shape, wearing the mask, the butcher knife in his hand, gleaming.
peter sits in jameson's chair, helps himself to a bowl of sweets and puts his feet up on the desk with a supercilious smile.
the two gentlemen are now on their horses, riding away from longbourn.
he is silent for a moment, then blurts out.
their attackers vanish.
angrily kicking the cupboard.
then she catches a look at herself in the mirror, runs her hand along the curvature of her belly.
he fires rockets from the sky stick.
merrill turns to morgan.
talking to him off screen is everybody's boss marsellus wallace.
the house coming nearer.
he smiles as she primps her hair.
he pulls up near a grain silo and gets out of the jeep.
on stage, the songstress gazes out over the crowded dance floor.
frodo realizes what her message is.
gatsby and daisy follow in the coupe.
david presses his hands to his face and rocks himself.
hannah, reacting, walks away from the counter and, capping the bottle of pills, puts them back in the cupboard.
aisha looks at ferris anxiously, then looks down.
some of the other passengers start to react as they realize the train is picking up speed.
dietrichson puts on his glasses.
he holds out a pan and offers her a taste of the food he's cooking.
she glances over and beams.
he stops for a moment, as filch passes by with his lantern.
abby holds a dress against herself.
as harry arrives, he glances at hermione, who clears her throat loudly.
she smiles a little.
audrey sees david's shocked expression.
men clamber into trucks, ready to evacuate south.
the dementors swoop down again and again as they attack the two helpless figures.
graham comes down the last few steps and enters the basement.
holds his gaze for a breath.
preacher's footsteps cross kitchen o.s.
as mickey continues, the film cuts back to duck soup on the black-and-white screen.
they continue up a steep stair, passing through a dwarf cemetery.
hilly, sitting at a polished mahogany dining table, takes a for full of minnie's pie and luxuriates in its deliciousness.
whip, his head wrapped in gauze.
cedric's friends hurl off more insults.
the doctor has gone.
ron picks up his bag and scowls at hermione.
she walks over to lizzie and takes her hand.
lt. dan's wheelchair begins to slide down the ramp and spins around on the icy ground.
he takes her hand, gently leads her forward as we.
suddenly valjean sees javert appear on the first floor balcony of his office.
merrill turns his gaze from the creature to graham.
to its grand and weighty sound, constanze starts to undress, watched by the horrified salieri.
he ignores thumper, who sits on evan's bed sucking furiously from a gurgling bong.
she calls up to the road.
she stops on the steps of her house.
other dolphins join the first one
she sits down and picks up the phone.
sarah, dressed in a dark suit, limps toward him.
he is unnaturally still.
the fellowship are in small elven boats.
gandalf looking down sternly.
lynda looks at the ghost.
ben moves aside.
jean-louis looks in one direction, then in the other, trying to remember.
as one of the lifeboats tilts to one side, the passengers on board grimace.
then the house back door bursts open -- joe cranes his neck -- and what he sees he'll never forget: his father, jack, leading an in-pain and hand-cuffed louis dainard from the house and into the rear of the squad car.
a waiter comes up to the table with a tray of drinks.
we then find charles, behind his camera, yelling out.
he races out, as jonah calls after him.
they look down at kazim who lies mortally wounded on the ground at their feet.
edward climbs out of his car, the road having literally stopped.
charles stands before a casket and waits a moment.
later wille accompanies her to the front door and sees her out.
sarah is asleep or unconscious.
creepy pov from inside bag end: frodo coming up the path.
zed, addressing them, pulls a neuralyzer from his pocket.
he just stares.
the rear wheels of the bus scream in rotation -- we countermove with the creature as it comes around the other side, climbs onto the exposed side -- metal and window.
he finds morgan standing with his hands in the pockets of his pajama bottoms.
the plain behind her is empty.
ben slowly and gently pulls the phone out and shuts it.
on a page of parchment, the warner brothers shield.
uri plunges into the pit and falls.
jeep turns to see charlie, a very pregnant girl of about twenty, standing in the trailer doorway, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.
a metallic shield with the letters wb moves slowly forward out of darkness.
guests gather in a reception area in the form of a cube built over the theater entrance.
hannah storms out a nearby door as holly turns away from the sink.
bassam drags him to the four-by-four, throws him in the back and drives off.
dale rolls his shoulders.
he bows his head and scocks away.
aragorn joins theoden on a bluff overlooking the encampment.
he shoos the boy away and looks over at marcus.
father flynn clasps his hands in his lap.
he throws back the cloth revealing a flat stone tablet -- about two feet square, inscribed with letters and symbols.
she takes him in her arms.
suddenly he hugs her, holds her very close.
she grins across at luke, whose eyebrows shoot up with amusement.
now, he relaxes in the bath.
the room, lit by a few candles, appears dirty.
from behind amos, carnies start rolling a massive ball towards the crowd.
delmar nudges everett.
charlie turns to look at percy who is still standing with his back to the door, breathing heavily.
she turns to oliver.
father and daughter roll their eyes amd smile.
theoden listens intently, saying nothing.
michael opens fire.
bert appears thoughtful for a moment.
the lower part of the window is covered by a wall.
he considers this for a moment.
everyone else with a ticket quickly produces it and waves it in indy's face.
tommy breaks stride and runs across the street.
mary jane raises the breeze block above her head as the symbiote mask wraps itself around brock's face.
she pulls him back out of sight.
there is a picture of a house
in another room, al-saleem watches the video footage of sadiki on a small screen.
neff straightens up and walks heavily out of the elevator, across reception room to doors.
bert snaps his fingers, pretending to forget findley's name.
he kisses lee again.
the people move off their balcony into the apartment.
later, graham, wearing a blue dressing gown, pads out of the bathroom, drying his ear with a towel.
the death eaters swirl around them trailing plumes of dense black smoke.
vogel emerges and aims his gun at indy.
it's hard to hear over the music.
merrill reaches up and takes the bat off its resting place.
mr. collins helps lizzie and jane down from their carriage.
jason moves next to ronnie.
the orange figure turns the corner onto a block of modest stand alone homes.
he is about to draw back when he sees, directly beneath him, a man and woman walking with their hands in the air.
his eyes closed, he drains the shell then opens his eyes and shudders.
tears steam down lizzy's face.
malcolm exhales very slowly as he gets up.
we look out through the broken glass of the second story bedroom window.
the dark bedroom is abruptly lit as mickey, lying in his bed, wakes up with a start and turns on his night-table lamp.
harry discards his gown.
they look at each other a moment.then both start laughing as frodo's face breaks into a smile and he leaps on to the front seat of the cart.
the goblin continues to write in his ledger.
the colonel and barbara are seated on a couch, watching television.
burton's body lies on the sidewalk.
the feather soars up into the sky and travels up and down, then covers the camera lens.
in the background, guests continue to chatter warmly with each other.
annie walks right over to the bushes and kicks them hard.
everyone gazes at him, mystified.
george is completely bewildered.
rockets explode all around the field.
a large crowd of indians is reacting excitedly to someone coming down the gangplank but we can't yet see that person.
fauchelevent screams as the cart slowly sinks in the mud.
as it crashes onto the marble floor, everyone looks around in surprise except one man in the corner.
faces of soldiers and civilians of minas tirith as they watch from the parapets of the city.
we see that they are gale and evelle.
the drive down a palm tree-lined road, lost in thought.
he bursts into the room, goes past sarah, stretched out on the bed, and takes the money out of her purse.
the large motor launch, moving along the river, gaily ablaze with lights.
larry prepares to spray the kids with the hose.
he lies face down with his eyes closed.
jude comes into view.
nathan is leafing through the lingerie ads in the newspaper.
their eyes roll up and they both fall over backwards and hit the floor.
steam rises off the hood.
collins leans against the back of the car near him, watching with an equally appalled expectancy.
banky looks at holden and slaps him on the back.
the nurse, eating an apple, spots her.
spider-man indicates to those around him with a raised palm and a nod of the head, and staggers forward.
we can only see lester from the waist up, so he looks naked.
he smiles and holds up the file of photographs.
at the surgery, john sits and waits with his hands clasped together.
to donnie the camera shop guy.
the dementors swirl angrily above his head, still trying to reach the figures on the opposite shore.
beyond some trees, a german truck full of soldiers drives across a metal bridge followed by a car.
the camera pushes through the white paper to the ring.beneath the hum the whispered murmur of black speech can be heard.
she hides her face in her hands and looks away as if blinded, then sneaks a look around her hands.
chinese butler nods, disappears.
filch fires the cannon by mistake.
griphook whispers to ron.
as ricky starts to get in the car, lester emerges from the house in his sweatpants.
now, an awkward-looking mr. bingley is sitting opposite lizzie, kitty, and jane in the parlor.
there is scratching against the door.
alice moves closer,scared and sad for him.
he tosses the bone over his shoulder, belches, and sighs.
klaatu attracts the targetting lasers to the palms of his hands.
outside, hoover turns from purvis and heads over to a group of well-dressed boys standing in two lines.
as they top a rise coming from the other direction.
bourke-white bursts into an appreciative radiance -- already she has assessed him, and been won.
he emerges into the broad back aisle and runs along it, but at the first perpendicular lane he hits, we see officer steensma, gun leveled, at the other end.
april walks offscreen to another area of the kitchen.
the staff leave while a servant places a phone on a table.
on a landing below, hermione stands alone.
as spider-man lands behind octavius, a limb pushes a lever.
after a long beat, joe holds the necklace up, toward the tower -- the thing pulling.
he takes some loose change out of his pocket and holds out a coin.
it lies face down on arbor bricks, its back wide open; money spilling out.
rambo takes the officer from behind, grabbing a clump of the man's hair in his right hand and clutching the throat with his left.
charles is playing a doctor.
the wooden buildings of the mission burn fiercely in the night.
halfway up the block a volkswagon bug has pulled over to the curb.
the frail, old servant won't be moved, keeping her uncomprehending gaze directed at charlotte.
later, a man with a dog is waiting for an elevator.
he pretends to notice his shoe's untied and bends down to tie it.
in the bookshop, bo sits at a table and sips a glass of water.
very reluctantly he gets up.
he grabs a hold of the hook and uses it to swing all the way across the deck, narrowly avoiding a huge wave behind him.
watching at home, a livid don storms to the phone and dials.
a skimpily dressed young woman leans over a juke box.
outside video footage shows the casket passing various shocked and saddened people.
helen goes into the kitchen, puts the gun away, runs water into the percolator.
screens at the control center where regina is sitting alone flicker, then go off as the power fails.
he sees tuvia standing by himself, watching him.
sebastian packs a knife.
his captain shouts a warning.
the guests resume their conversations.
clary, eleven, pops up.
the doll has burst open and the money has spilled over preacher.
she takes the flask and drinks from it.
hermione shows him a name on a gryffindor trophy.
two old ladies driving steadily ahead of them
defeated, he puts the thermometer back into his mouth.
it is a typical bus station washroom at that time of the morning.
a large pitchfork can be seen racing towards them along the hedgerow.angry shouts from farmer maggot.
that night, he's sitting up in his bedroom, his tie loosened a little but still on.
rambo gazes out across the water surface.
huge truck coming their way.
an aboriginal sitting on the ground.
dumbledore raises his head and opens his eyes wide.
ron flops back onto his pillow.
later, charlie and david hang their heads.
the grogans read their papers over breakfast.
the dying sun streams through high windows, painting harry's face a fierce amber-red as he stands opposite lupin.
the departing truck, escorted by nazi outriders, is being observed by two men hiding behind a tree.
he nods to nick and takes a deep breathe.
marius walks down a dark street pursued by eponine.
he steps out into the stream of people.
and as the assistant brute is just about to club inigo's brains out, fezzik lets fly with a stupendous punch.
they find adjacent seats as opening titles appear on the screen.
as angela and jane get out and run toward the house, our focus moves back to the garage window.
josephine sits beside him, putting on hand lotion.
he glances at charlie who stands behind gandhi now, and it makes him all the more uncertain.
her unblinking eyes stay on him.
the two nazi soldiers are over-awed by the possessors of the grail.
none of the women respond but, as all continue to sing, one brings a jug marked with three xes to everett.
he thinks for a moment, then angrily crumples the paper in his hands and throws it at her.
she pulls out clothes.
father j perches on a coffee table beside an open photograph album.
by the time we tighten on his face the knocking has become quite loud.
he turns the key in the ignition and starts the car.
as he helps her climb up, camera pans with them and shows the expanse of the bowl below, a packed audience, and the orchestra on the lighted shell.
she rides down a quiet residential street in bright sunlight.
embarrassed, she turns away.
she looks at him, understanding what he means.
she pets the pups.
ed lies in bed facing the wall; we see only the back of her head.
sam uses the wand to train the rifle on ashton's double.
screams are heard as the horses jerk out of the starting gate to begin their runs.
salim emerges, pointing a gun.
he moves to the sideboard, picks up a felt hat.
jody walks inside the canvas flap and vanishes from sight.
ping sings melody while an off-stage voice carries perfect harmony.
he rises off balance and david drags him back down.
george slowly moves after uncle billy and ruth.
the cops raced to the front and back of a large tarpaulin- covered lorry.
followed by all assembled there.
kyle turns to jeep, then bob.
she is now wearing the dress she wore earlier.
a jet comes into land on the runway.
he puts his drink down on a waiter's tray then walks off with the document, fishing a pair of glasses from this top pocket, on the way past adrian.
cole rests his chin on his desk and watches the class with big eyes.
emily goes to a record player.
overjoyed, she stops and kisses his hand.
nick finds chester sleeping and wipes cream off his face.
suddenly he slips into a hole.
exhilarated, lester walks down a corridor, his belongings in a box on his shoulder.
it's piled high with bric-a-brac.
he winks at her and takes a drink.
peter lassos the bomb with a web and hauls it back, explode in harry's face.
forrest hits ping-pong balls.
he kisses her outstretched hand.
the bearded man has disappeared.
and finds himself crawling on a catwalk suspended from the car's ceiling.
armed men open a large gate.
she slips into the apartment, leaving the door about three inches a jar.
as we watch, edward's pant cuffs rise inch by inch -- that's how fast he's growing.
he keeps close behind the hufflepuff seeker as they both spot the golden snitch.
it's chihuahua, sophie stares back at him from the page.
gale and evelle are looking dumbly from ed to hi.
he roars after her.
nick watches from his car as bobby jumps around by the window in silk pajamas, flailing a pair of nunchucks.
harry -- clearly unsettled by his encounter with trelawney -- hastens down the stairs, and we fade out.
david flips through the top clippings all are images and stories of david and football.
she starts to go.
up the sidewalk is a series of bushes lining the street.
in the box is a comic, upside down.
everett gives an ingratiating smile as, behind him, the second convict starts to haul himself into the boxcar, the third convict still keeping pace outside.
it stops outside a house with two communications towers nearby.
adriane takes off his glasses and smiles.
after a moment of wow, evan runs off to class himself.
ashley trudges back to her seat.
brett can't say a word.
kate takes the podium.
the trooper scans car interior, taking his time.
we are now able to see that jeff's apartment is in darkness, only faintly lit from the distant light of the neighbors' window.
he lifts it off the supports, frowning, and lowers it to his chest.
willie admires the affluent suburban house they're in front of.
the hat scowls.
he looks at its hairy cover, staring, glassy eyes and sharp, pointed teeth.
they stand transfixed by each other.
the four watch the mailbox in intense anticipation.
the receptionist reaches into one of those ubiquitous women's clinic condom jars, and holds up a fistful of purple rubbers.
fats plays quickly, moving from shot to shot with studied authority, his eyes and hands working fluidly together.
the others, except for salieri, gather around the manuscript held by the king.
he steps back to admire the now-untarnished sign.
alicia goes off in a huff.
birdie picks up the bottle.
peter, wearing the black suit under his normal clothes, punches harry.
he steps forward, to face rosenberg, who sets the ornate box on the table.
a voice answers him, but not the vendor's.
he holds the vestibule door open.
brody puts the map back in his pocket.
susan smiles, the fireworks finale goes off, the music comes up from below, the night fills with light.
hilly takes control and duck out of sight.
cole takes a step back.
koscik gives him a bottle and a loaf of rye bread.
he spies the glider the green goblin used.
melvin is in his bedroom -- everything he's taking neatly stacked on the bed waiting to be packed (he is taking a camera).
the table groans with the remains of the dinner.
david rides in the back of a cab, his eyes shifting to his window as the city's glimmering lights glide past.
now, andy's at the azzaro show, where dresses in a monochrome palette are being shown.
the man lies on his back.
looking slightly perturbed, miranda carries on inside.
at the appointed hour, she puts a hot coffee and the manuscript down on miranda's desk.
he moves off, but has a sudden thought and turns to patel.
a gray haired man in a sergeant's uniform sits at a desk with a poster of uncle sam behind him.
laurie looks at it.
she drags minnie into the state-of-the-art kitchen.
inside the hotel room, salim gleefully pours two bottles of spirit into a pot while jamal picks a towel out of a cupboard.
searching in another section of the market.
then inigo stops.
randal continues to read.
he sees the cigarette stub, takes it, lights it, coughs, smokes awkwardly.
he starts to leave.
brow furrowed, nick looks at the floor.
they hide inside the huge bell, which lies on its side.
drover looks around, taking in the white drinkers and his nervous black brother-in-law, then turns slowly back to ivan.
people are coming.
taylor pulls a gun and shoots javier point blank as he accelerates.
graham glances at the girl as she sits sideways to him at the counter.
kayleigh's eyes are dazzled by the sparkling fuse and she bends down to pick it up.
he is not carrying anything.
laurie begins to cry again, harder and harder.
rose, jack, and molly step into the large dining room.
cole is curled up in the tent.
he ignores her and turns the page.
elliot watches lee walk off; the other man, oblivious, continues to talk.
the street is lined with brothels.
tears spill down sam's cheeks.
coming out from the kitchen, will slowly climbs the stairs.
ben is left in the hall.
he looks back at dumbledore.
lee, fraught with emotion, briefly puts her outstretched hands on the refrigerator door, then turns around and leans against it, hugging herself, her blouse still unbuttoned, her hair still wet and bedraggled.
it's 12:02 pm as joe sits in his bedroom painting a model monster.
as red wipes his hands, dillinger springs restlessly to his feet.
the sailors run up to them.
he looks down at his body of sand, then holds his hands to his large, round head.
a light comes on in an upstairs room.
he lays her down on it carefully, almost tenderly.
phyllis is seen among them, standing by the soap section.
david closes on him from behind, throws his left arm around the man's neck, and clamps his wrists with his other hand.
one of the walls is covered in photos, some of emily at different ages.
they stop at a spot that overlooks the river and spread out a blanket.
he looks around, then waves.
she bursts in and throws her arms around his neck.
the bus stops, and the youth with dark hair and spectacles climbs on.
she hugs andrews.
they link arms and dance in a circle.
he's tangled in crops as he struggles to rise.
almost immediately the wind blows the door shut!
salim's head falls back.
they carry the stuff into the warehouse.
his headlights show the car up ahead off the road, crumpled around a telephone pole, having failed to hold a turn.
ashton looks over at sam's dead body.
she turns on the blowtorch.
stepping forward, he eyes julian up and down.
sheared in half upon impact and lying in the overgrown grass.
ron looks at harry with relief.
moody pushes harry in after them.
freddie needs no more.
she walks out of the shot.
he looks back down at pete.
he taps her again -- gently -- and goes out.
he offers him a patronizingly kind, half- smile in return.
the alsatian suddenly jerks his head up towards bo.
at the top of the escalator, santa drunkenly gets to his feet and lurches slowly towards the grotto, broken bottle still in hand.
he steps back and watches.
willie, now in a hawaiian shirt, stands behind the counter of a beachfront bar, chopping up some lemons and limes.
it twists and turns downwards, dividing in to separate plumes, each revealing a black-robed death eater, wearing a tall pointed hood, and a skeleton mask.
murdoch directs sailors lowering lifeboats filled with women and children.
officer paski stands up.
stampedes on, changing its target, heading right for-- buttercup, and she's scared to death and.
benjamin wears a brown leather jacket in dark glasses as he cruises along a tree-lined road on a cherry red motorcycle.
the boyish officer now sporting his own hat follows richardson through a door.
people, some holding drinks, some just entering the apartment, surround her.
peter turns and charges sturdy up the stairs to his room.
in the lab, rose peers down at the clean sketch which rests in a container of clear liquid.
peter looks bewildered.
dori and josh are already there.
tearful and forlorn, she gazes after him.
he watches as she tries to turn but instead stumbles awkwardly, flexing her bad leg.
alyssa holds up her hand.
sarah is there, seated primly on the bed.
thick-set tweed narrows his eyes.
now, in a frothy bubble bath, diana blows a handful of suds.
graham runs along the side of the house.
pull up to find juno and leah walking their trays to a table.
he has parked his car a couple of blocks from his apartment to check things out before he goes boppin' through the front door.
aragorn and company watch as they are surrounded by a tide of orcs.
he looks up thoughtfully.
harry smashes his arm at peter's head.
he adds it to the other personal things he's put in a cardboard box.
they remain side by side at the balustrade, the breeze ruffling their hair.
the porter has glanced down the corridor, where from his point of view we can just glimpse the european talking with the conductor.
nullah runs up and hugs them both.
they both get quiet.
they emerge into a clearing.
she is wearing a nylon robe and carrying her clothes to be washed.
charlotte follows him out.
gandhi lifts the card and painfully holds it over the fire, then drops it in the basket.
each wears a backpack with all his earthly possessions.
salim counts their earnings.
the patrolman is staring at her.
robbie stands.
zed and kay stand behind smoked glass, staring at the recruits, who are still in the shooting gallery, waiting for a decision.
peter is standing amidst the delirious crowd, smiling to himself, drinking in the adulation.
his mother's voice turns his attention back to the bed.
melvin shakes his head -- as if things weren't bad enough he must go through a careful exercise noting every new element before he's at all comfortable.
two bouncers give chase.
the church doors open, and the guests in attendance rise and face the back.
peering through his round sunglasses, dillinger watches her go.
kate tears off her apron, thrusts it at a waiter, and strides out.
she gazes wistfully into the distance, beyond the lavish gardens, past the green beacon and across the bay of consequence, towards west egg and gatsby's mansion.
lizzie is walking down a narrow, cobbled street.
carolyn drives, lester is in the passenger seat.
the rug is gone.
vast pressure is straining the massive steel doors of the facility.
the pincer retracts.
angle on: across the vast sea of battle come.
with her free hand, elsa is trying to get the grail.
he grabs elsa by the hand and the two of them run down the dock and leap into a motorboat.
two women emerge from the powder room.
anna moves to the back desk where sean comes out.
merrill hurries out into the garden and crouches down by graham and morgan.
still fully dressed, harry reaches for his glasses and puts them on.
a billboard sports an image of a pouting sophie wearing a nun's habit.
jack, rose, and the others run toward the bow.
salim touches his forehead to the ground.
the auction house clears.
a brown-haired guy in his 40s, carl, rejects a call from an unknown caller.
an armed warrior, in shadow, with a loaded crossbow aimed at westley's heart.
ruth turns to rose and smiles.
behind him, shrubs growing outside the farmhouse are buffeted by the growing wind.
he looks to the girl.
mikey makes a lame squeak.
the boys run back to the car and they all scramble in.
on saturday night, he hurries down into the gryffindor common room.
bob, jeep, and charlie go to the window and peer out through the blinds.
as abby looks horrified, the phones in the control room start ringing off the hook.
eddie starts to go back to his chair, suddenly turns, a weary, clowning smile on his face.
he glances back at the pursuing cruisers.
jeff is resentful of doyle's comments to lisa.
dillinger opens the heisted car's door for him.
he strokes her cheek and wraps an arm around her shoulder.
he grabs at it with his paw.
on the girl's desk, is a large collection of video cassettes.
above john's head, by winding and holding to ear, rachel pantomimes a watch.
the brown haired woman, who wears a white dress with thin black stripes and a large brimmed hat, gazes up at the enormous ship.
just ahead of the hedge, they run into a tunnel.
trucks with riot squads (shields and truncheons) in place, but they are lounging, waiting.
peter nods his head stiffly and manages a weak smile.
she gets up with relief.
he hands it to gandhi.
the boyfriend steps out of the bedroom door, buttoning his shirt.
into the next door yard we see emerging from the apartment below the ballet dancer, the elderly lady.
one of them lays into slagle with heavy punches to the face.
jeff moves his eyes slightly to something outside the window.
it is spoken with the cold determination of a man still angry.
the camera is the perspective of a five-year old boy.
it looks like it was handwritten on the back of a jiffy lube bill.
mrs. nathan pushes her husband aside.
quickly, precisely, he rehangs the picture over the hole in the wall, turns, starts out of the parlor.
kind of rumpled.
later, she shifts her sober gaze.
the workers look up.
he is completely oblivious to the glowering faces of the group of men who have gathered around the table to watch.
he spots two kids running onto the street.
dillinger licks his lips, his head bowed slightly.
mozart stands before him as he lays down the score.
he smiles, nods enters.
forrest begins to run faster with his braces on.
lovejoy opens a door and glimpses jack and rose, who walk faster.
man and bird disappears in a burst of flame.
elaine sits on the bench, watching.
he takes the claymore explosive and launches it in the limbs of the roots.
taken aback, slughorn stands rooted to the spot.
dillinger faces his girlfriend, who glares at him, then drops her gaze.
they hit solid brick.
he leaves and joins latika next door.
she steps away.
preacher, his back to us, watches her a moment, then turns.
the orange sun, rumbling, perceptibly rising.
malcolm looks down at his own hand.
they both look away awkwardly.
the tall prisoner, who has a beard, closely-cropped hair and a stoop, turns back from the broken flagpole on the ground.
they gaze into each other's eyes as they interlock their fingers.
evan, standing near the fireplace, defiantly strikes the match with this thumb and lowers the flame to the short fuse.
joseph gazes up at his father.
a grim landscape, covered in thorn bushes and the scars of recent fires.
she stretches up with her whole body over him.
ron watches a mechanical toy of dolores umbridge balancing on a tightrope.
his brow furrowed, valjean gets to his feet.
they descend and pay their driver absently, their eyes watching the crowd.
the walls at the office are hung with china plates showing pictures of cats.
a large silhouetted .
the goblin descends on the glider.
dante pulls a stack of newspapers from the asbury park press vending machine.
the smaller man, maman, kneels at the entrance and strokes salim's foot.
he hands szpilman the package.
the braddocks, the arnolds and their children are dressed in california contemporary sport style: the adults in styles infinitely too young for them, the children in styles infinitely too old for them.
the queen sits behind the desk.
17 circles are scattered across a map of india.
his parents want no part of him and he needs help.
he sits on the piano stool and adjusts its height.
banky slides out of the booth.
he passes emaciated children and beggars.
joe watches as the creature finishes with its meal and heads.
then he spots the tattered remains of the advent calendar lying on the hall table.
they are performing a hot and harmonized version of 'man of constant sorrow'.
giving the nazi salute.
azad hands the woman the baby and she obviously thanks him.
she sees a kid and darts over to him.
she sips her tea.
he walks over to the records and picks up the glass.
gandalf follows with merry, pippin and sam.
it seems a little island of calm in a sea of wild chaos.
the car passes a dilapidated shed on the right and pulls up to large older farmhouse.
at home, in her room, jessica gets out a camera from her drawer.
she turns to david, who stands in the doorway.
his eyes light up hopefully.
she is holding a paint bucket in one hand and a brush in the other, with which she flicks paint down at the canvas.
b) german troops crossing a river.
in the front seat are two young fellas one white, one black both wearing cheap black suits with thin black ties under long green dusters.
audrey pops the pill in her mouth and offers her a drink through a straw.
harry looks at hermione's bag.
harling sits beside whip.
isildur cradles the body of his father in his arms.
westley, outside, chopping wood.
forrest takes off his hat and steps over to her.
as they hit the door they both break into a full run.
frodo, sam, merry, and pippin race into a ring of broken stones on the summit or weathertop, the ruined base of an ancient tower.
nat is at the bar.
the dog bounds after it.
the volunteers and bearers traipse over the brow of a hill.
ernie is leaning from the window.
he takes a handful.
envelops the fighter's cockpit.
moody pulls a telegraph lever to a head full in the engine room and needle on an identical machine moved to the same position.
parvati sees hermione slowly descending the stairs.
the car swerves all over the road.
on the movie screen, clark gable faces william powell.
in his panic his fingers tangle in the trigger guards.
he passes her the joint, then takes the digicam and focuses it on her.
the kid sits in the front seat next to willie who drives, stewing.
the snitch levels out, skimming low along the ground.
billie swallows, blinks her glistening eyes.
she picks up a hamburger-shaped phone to call her best friend.
they lean together and share a kiss.
aberforth stares at harry, then addresses the portrait.
george crosses over to the soda fountain, at which mary hatch, a small girl, is seated, watching him.
horseless carriages take the students up to hogwarts castle.
as the messerschmidt roars by overhead, bullets explode around them, narrowly missing the car.
shouse's lifeless face leans on the cracked windshield.
all eyes turn to winstead.
hannah goes back to norma; she takes the glass of water away.
her own handbag is also on the table.
harry gives a shrug of his head.
he picks up an empty box.
the shape moves forward.
hi reverses again, and emerges into the back aisle.
he pulls a goofy face and falls back into her arms.
the wounded ping-pong player hands forrest a paddle.
he clumsily climbs down from the carriage, causing jane to stifle a giggle.
he goes to it, slips off his other shoe and lies down, testing the divan's springiness with his whole body.
he pulls a slip of paper out of his pocket.
the man rips open his black top, revealing a thin, toned body with tattoos and blood in line with the streak on his face.
reggie huddled inside.
the wand grows brightly.
shivering, rising swiftly to a piercing pitch beyond the range of hearing.
annie stands motionless for a moment, then begins looking for the light switch.
sam, merry, and pippin huddled over a small fire.
she frowns and he stands expressionlessly on the verandah.
a jagged crack in the road stretches around the corner.
suddenly two headlights hit him and a police car swerves to a stop next to him.
the elevation of the barrel is adjusted, and a powder charge is loaded.
they all laugh and dance and go crazy.
they walk on.
in the library, hermione takes down a book from a shelf and shows it to ron and harry.
wick stops and rolls it back again, then goes into the hall and opens the door.
emily gives ben a sweet, uncertain smile.
she turns on hearing him approach.
they look towards the voices, pearl friendly, john hostile.
forrest looks down at lt. dan crashes at the bottom of the ramp.
they head down to the cordoned off basin which is bubbly and marshy underfoot.
mike hands the wheelman a pistol.
he looks at a wall and a desk where pictures and trophies are displayed.
george stands unsteadily near the car, shaken by the accident.
edward unscrews the cap, but instead of drinking it, he douses himself.
debbie rests next to charlotte in bed.
later, with the long mechanical limbs acting as legs, octavius is carried onto a bridge tower.
cars fall from the freeway, smashing into the road around the limo.
a little kid enters, staring at him.
harry, when he was a little boy.
her boss stares back in aggravation.
at her apartment she catches tess and george kissing on the couch.
javert runs out, but there's no sign of valjean.
he runs to his front door and listens.
steam billows from the funnel as the hogwarts express travels through the rain beside the edge of a vast lake.
hearing something, he starts to run again.
in sepia tone film footage, people wearing early 20th century clothing stand on a dock and wave toward a massive ocean liner, the rms titanic.
jane and lizzie are picking fruit.
harry sees a black hat lying on the ground.
she drops them.
she turns a page of the diary to find a number of postcards bound with an elastic band.
banky looks into holden's eyes.
walt goes over to thao.
he bursts to the surface.
as the dude walks back to the scoring table he turns to another team in black bowling shirts--the cavaliers--that shares the lane.
at the camp tuvia in his heavy gray coat and hat, machine gun over his shoulder, steps into a dark cabin where lilka is sitting by a stove.
obviously the situation delights renault.
the friend watches the customer intently as he drops the coins one by one onto the marble.
the needle leaves frame, thrusting down hard.
she goes to the window, accompanied by nullah, and peers out.
glancing back, he sees the helmeted men close behind.
with the disfigured side of his face in shadow, a tear glistens in harry's good eye and he nods.
nelec turns -- the creature is busting the bus door -- smashing at it -- to make it bigger.
as reggie comes down the stairs, the cage rises into view.
fedora puts out his arm, gesturing for the others not to follow indy.
he's no longer blind.
a life boat flow people away from the part of the ship which rises several stories into night sky.
they walk to the bakery, melvin avoiding the cracks.
he does so and closes the door.
big dan looks around, beaming acknowledgement of the cheers.
finished eulogizing, walter looks back.
the kids start moving away.
fighters appear in the sky over darwin.
boy #1 and boy #2 throw more dirt clods at forrest.
a boy with long hair sits on his knee.
he pulls out his badge that hangs from a chain under his shirt.
peter mancheses his hot dog and sets off in the other.
kurt emerged from the bathroom with rhonda close behind.
now it's michael who's in charge, gun to estevez's head, facing off with burton.
hani leaves his attractive female companion and walks off with ferris.
she places a small square card board box into the hall and starts to fill it with earth.
hilly's face softens.
sam and lila have entered and are almost to the desk-counter by this time.
ron and harry are still by the vault.
the pillars casting eerie shadows.
in the first class smoking room, lovejoy approaches cal, who stands.
the lingering kiss stops and they study each other's faces.
when he wakes, people are milling around the lobby.
jack raises his arms over his head.
the other is half human, half animal.
now, on a backyard trampoline, debbie's youngest does a flip.
the dude shuts the door on the old man's bellowing to find himself.
she turns and runs down the stairs.
she starts to the back of the car.
in a park, hoffman calls ferris, who's walking through an airport terminal.
thao makes a call.
the elevator opens, and rose and jack spill out.
whip's brow furrows, then he smiles.
he leaves ron and goes to mcgonagall.
zoe looks away.
mr. white is shot full of holes, but still on his knees, not moving.
graham slowly stands.
she stays in the doorway for a few beats, feeling genuinely horrible for what's happened.
he climbs down into a sewer and drags marius in with him.
he bows.
ruth nods at molly then strides off.
it stops what it's doing and takes alice down from where she's hanging.
he holds her coat open.
a square, head-on shot, river water below and vibrant starlight above; featuring a gas-lamp by the road; a tree; and pretty tree-shadows which work across a window.
she claps her hands to her face in frustration.
the room is silent.
walt sits down in an armchair, blood dripping from his fingers.
dumbledore, snape, and mcgonagall peer into the trunk, down a deep shaft.
as hi emerges through the back door.
deputy tally shows jack a map.
two men jump out and skip bangs on the door.
ruth stiffens as rose lights a cigarette in a holder.
the floor-level wide-angle shot shows a baby crawling toward the camera in the foreground.
donovan turns to face the display of cups.
graham looks at his daughter, then, glances over at the bedroom window.
miranda's in her office going through james holt's portfolio.
he points a knife at the shoebox.
she goes to the mirror on the wall and begins to brush her hair.
both ilsa and renault look at rick with astonishment.
jeff puts down the lens and wheels quickly to the wall cabinet.
fletcher hangs up the phone in the cattle pen as the captain pauses over a purchase agreement.
willie shuts the front door and, vodka bottle in hand, reaches over to the hall table where the kids advent calendar is lying.
subdued students in regimented ranks, stride across the courtyard.
in the dark sits don, passed out.
he leans forward to spit, but is stopped by clarence's next statement.
he's dead, a frozen look of terror on his face and the can of raid still clutched in his hand.
he perches on top of the stage.
she blinks slowly, just waking up.
wide-eyed with apprehension, she looks at her mother, who, in return, only nods permission for carol to let it go.
she walks out.
taylor looks dazed and loses control of the car.
and merrill leaves.
caroline stares at daisy, who taps a fist on the bedside table.
holdaway is listening to freddy.
dillinger slumps a little, then sits back.
harry escorts her.
returning from work, benjamin gets in the lift at the hotel.
the street is empty.
a drill instructor thumps one in the stomach.
he pours a drink for renault.
on the soundtrack to hum of the ring builds.
he grabs hold of his knees and bends over, panting.
she opens the door.
he studies the situation for a moment, then decides to enter one of the other doors.
the rest of his men follow him out of the trees and set about the rest.
the creature flies free.
the stranger races after it.
talking into the receiver, he looks up and shakes his head.
jenny rests her head on david's shoulder.
quirrell and snape put out the fire and watch harry as he manages to regain control of the nimbus 2000.
he stops and studies himself solemnly.
she looks down at the long mahogany table beside her which is littered with a number of his personal effects.
he's almost strangled, but the chain finally breaks.
benjamin wheels himself to the glass-paned double front doors and stands up.
asael's eyes baled with anger
sarah covers her ears and shots arise.
with a clank of chains lenny's hand drops down into frame, palm forward, tensing to scoop up the car seat that we are almost upon.
he begins eating, appreciatively.
seeing henry disappear and around the corner, aibileen starts to run.
clarence sort of hangs his head.
she closes the door and leans against it.
raws dieter's head up to his mouth, which closes on dieter's ear.
he breaks the kiss, looking at her in awe, then he reaches up and touches his lips.
every bit of sadness trapped in his body is released.
hermione's spell works.
natalie silently seethes.
they look around again.
it drifts towards the edge of the pond.
gabriel lunges with the mace, but michael blocks the blow.
he observes details of the people in the ballroom.
gatsby looks out across the bay.
andy gets out of the back of a sleek black car and makes her way to a loft in a fashionable apartment building.
eddie looks up, with a smile.
jack grabs the gate and shakes it.
he turns and again glances out of the window.
harry follows him down the dark street.
he looks down at morgan.
a mechanical spine curls up onto his back.
the back is opened and a man ushers sim, holmes, and watson from it.
the camera moves to dr. smith's point of view: hannah and mickey, sitting on the opposite side of the desk.
there is about the entire operation a sense of tremendous skill and precision.
a window shows pete on a bed.
harry presses the control button and the bike zooms away, spewing out flames.
draco takes the lead.
dominic waves an ironic goodbye as the boat with camille on it pulls away.
evan ducks back at the last minute and tommy accidentally connects with kayleigh's head.
boom up to 23-year-old breen, who digs the blondie he's listening to.
tom opens champagne.
the messerschmidt drops its single under-fuselage bomb.
hannah gives jacob a small nod.
harry looks out the window.
the policeman glances left and right, then gathers speed, as thomas darts through a gateway in a concrete wall.
elsewhere, dillinger and red make their own escape through the woods.
a tug-of-war ensues until a snake wiggles out from indy's shirtsleeve and wraps around roscoe's hand.
harry takes his leave and ron moves over to hermione.
he bursts into the tall, red brick apartment building and runs up a central staircase.
suddenly they are fired on.
and after a beat, he looks down at the locket again.
lizzie is walking through a field, holding her bonnet in her hand.
when she sees who is outside, she throws open the door.
the army enter the village with weapons blazing.
mac is alone at the kitchen table going over the family finances while drinking one of bren's weight loss shakes.
emily glares at cal.
the alien appears in the chamber.
cole just stares at his mother's expression.
he goes to the kitchenette.
martin and alice now perform as their characters, detective john hathaway and mrs. rebecca hathaway.
kyle places a napkin and a his scarf over the wound.
spider-man dives after mj as she plummets towards the ground and catches her in his arm.
rosenberg comes into the tiny restaurant, squinting in the relative darkness.
the wrecked pickup truck is still there.
she makes a move as if to go out to the balcony but rick's pushes her back.
filch brings out more of her luggage.
he follows bathilda.
the patrolman walks around to the front of the car, checks the license plate, and returns.
graham opens the closet.
she stands there a moment, listening, as if to hear some sound of life from the inside.
a cover of postmodern review disparages sharp's editor.
in fact, he's suddenly aware that he is the focus of every eye in the room.
mr. bingley smiles briefly at jane, then climbs up onto his white horse.
he shifts his gaze back onto his aunt and swallow, before speaking.
she gives them a patronizing look.
he taps the screen as the double steps up to the podium with his arm outstretched.
another, aimed at pippin, catches him on the forehead.
jenny wades out into the reflection pool and waves her hand into the air.
ron embraces slughorn.
louise looks at his truck off in the distance.
brian and peter embrace as they follow the teams up the tunnel.
mozart strains to hear what they are saying but cannot.
david closes the door and moves slowly into the next room, which has half paneled walls.
an older marley drags jenny through a hedge.
women emerge from a door and stride past with their purchases.
he creeps along next to the wall, looking around at all the various scenic pieces which fill the room.
inside, the housekeeper shows them a beautiful mahogany writing desk.
the family makes its way inside, where their cloaks are taken by footmen in wigs.
she reaches up and whispers something to him.
joe looks unconvinced.
they are pulled with it, spinning faster and faster, into a bright light.
we see the crowd at the end of the garden, where the light of the day is beginning to soften.
he has one slip of paper with notes on it which he has put on the podium.
a servant holds an umbrella over carney's head as he walks up to the fallen fletcher.
draco flings the invisibility cloak back over harry and walks out of the carriage.
peter is riding along a quiet street in the dark.
jack steps around rose to the passenger door.
he stops and turns.
camera suddenly moves as the 'drawer' is slid back into the wall.
bobby's shirt is open, exposing his bloated stomach.
normal looks all around the room uncertainly.
diana cuddling children.
harry presses a hand against his chest.
the pincer catches it.
drenched, ron stares awkwardly at harry, then looks at the ground.
she composes herself.
the coroner stares at dante.
mary nods, starts walking along the line of cars as if making a selection.
voldemort turns uneasily.
ferris takes out his cell phone and looks at it.
he passes two german officers.
kevin is at work.
he beams.
there is a long pause as he glares at her.
grinning happily, rebecca races down the aisle to join the other three, who are processing slowly towards the altar.
from it, he selects the poker and attacks the safe.
the colonel sinks slowly onto ricky's bed, mesmerized.
a broken door lies on the floor beside a dilapidated bed frame.
robbie places the photo of emily and cal firmly at the front of his mom's desk and marches out.
carolyn sits behind the wheel, listening to a motivational tape on the stereo.
karen sits down, looks about at all of the gawking diners.
jenny is at orchestra practice.
neff still does not answer.
harry recognizes one of them.
we rush in on zacky, who is paralyzed by what he sees.
sadie runs down the hallway.
watson leads the way.
szpilman continues to try to pull the boy through.
quietly he takes the gun out of her unresisting hand.
he signals the waitress.
something has spooked the cattle.
she holds her hand out to him and he takes it.
the host looks disappointed.
dumbledore looks into the pit.
as she slowly moves up the stairs.
he looks across the room, past the bed, to a second door.
now, on on a freeway, sandy tails the thief while she plays with her smartphone.
joe breaks cover and runs over to alice, who lies un-moving on the chamber floor.
sam gently shakes frodo's shoulder.
the albino appears wheeling a barrow.
she holds out a pie.
outside the station, the blue ford anglia rises unsteadily into the air.
lynda reaches up and pulls on the sheet.
he hands zacky his flashlight, then starts climbing the gate.
returning, the woman shows off her shoes.
he leans forward a little.
now her eyes are looking at the apartment underneath.
bn leads them away, but he's suddenly alerted.
everyone is silent.
he walks round to face him.
one brick falls away, then another.
she works at a computer.
now clothed, graham plods downstairs.
jamal and salim walk through a brothel, pulling aside curtains covering alcoves where couples are having sex.
he looks down as energy crackles through the nut-nutted wand.
zus picks up the detonator and goes.
the nurse turns and addresses an unseen spectator.
inside, mr. collins is packing.
the passenger looks round and two boys step forward.
the royal family are still watching the television.
they turn off onto a dirt road and pull to a stop.
through his teeth as he continues to grin at the offscreen camera.
a maid stands in his way.
she starts to give a little cry but before she can he is kissing her.
he drives the long needle into harken's neck as kurt and nick leg it out of the house.
bicycles are taken out of a bike rack, and joe is amongst the throng of pupils.
bart registers, turns again to the basin, and we pan them back into the original two-shot.
neville gets up from a chair.
back in the car, jay wipes the last of the puke off his suit while kay starts up the car.
he turns to a smaller, younger man, and nods.
she points to someone in the crowd, and curls her finger back in a `c'mere' fashion, urging whoever it is to join her.
david spies richardson in a window.
up on the cliff, fletcher urges his horse on.
he takes out a photograph of him and aisha walking down a street.
the alien's chest sinks and fails to rise.
he puts it in his jacket pocket.
the soldier emerges from between two huts and drags sarah along by her hair, her arms tightly bound behind her back.
he flinches at the sound and looks out at a bank of gray mist.
filch the caretaker appears stealthily behind him.
she heads for her room.
suddenly, his voice cracks and drops a half-octave.
the camera follows her, moving across a book-and-photograph-filled bookshelf that obscures her from view as she walks into a crowded, comfortable vestibule.
they've racked up a bill of $837.57.
will and his mother stand knee-deep in the water, watching edward bloom swim away into the sunlight.
as carol unpacks, she gives gifts to her mother and spencer.
from over the rise, car engines whine in the distance and headlights start to flash around them.
he looks again and sees his family, gathered together, sipping hot drinks.
it is opened by a matronly spanish woman.
leading them from the ruins of osgiliath.
glen smiles.
azad keeps his eyes fixed on gandhi, sensing, fearing what is going to happen.
he is knocking the bricks from an outer wall.
barnes lifts his gun from the cabinet and checks its magazine.
they all try to see in.
mr. white lays him down upon a mattress on the floor.
the young man steps closer to parrish, his face is inches from a shaking, sweating parrish's face, the young man daring parrish to identify him.
the soldier drags her into his hut and throws her to the floor.
the teller woman is already waving him to the back.
they look at each other at arm's length, holly grinning.
the camera pans with phyllis dietrichson's feet and ankles as she comes down the stairs, her high heels clicking on the tiles.
we have pulled back and we see a whole gathering of hindu youths near the entrance to the ashram.
ben throws a notebook at dan.
she puts her hands on her hips and looks at the floor.
he stops, turns, and puts his back to the cinema.
jane poses with the heavily made up bride and a much older, open-shirted groom.
donny's returned with a developed film envelope.
both of them swing their eyes a little to the left.
lizzie goes over.
and they both laugh.
she downs a shot with the guys.
if mel brooks' 2000 year old man was really old, he'd resemble this guy.
great siege towers and catapults are roll along the reparied bridge which spans both sides of osgiliath.
they're cast in a warm glow as the sun rises.
drover cracks his whip as sarah's cattle thunder down the wharf.
then, pointing at a blonde waitress in a tight sweater and capri pants, taking an order from a bunch of film geeks .
alison throws her head back with a sigh as he fetches some documents.
she sets down the mirror and examines other objects.
- their car explodes and bounces, pouring black smoke.
she has a smile as penetrating and warming as his.
jackson pulls up outside kate's house in the early morning dew.
and he kisses her--a soft, warm kiss that speaks unmistakably of sex--then turns to the others and grins.
ron looks anxious.
benjamin washes himself in the bath.
saruman is seated as his orc overseer approaches.
then, with a mischievous smile, she gets up and crosses the room in front of him.
jeep gives it some gas, but the engine's not catching.
in the soft glow of the lamp, nick observes kate with a smile.
creeping in on hi 's hunched back, as he sits over the kitchen table writing the letter.
mitch and his brother steve exchange a look.
pete picks up a guitar and starts playing with it.
charlie leads him inside.
forrest runs across a cobble-stone bridge.
jack and rose dance through the crowd.
george looks at it in surprise, then starts up the street toward the main part of town.
the place is about half filled -- eight customers at the bar, five tables occupied.
she glares at ron.
the tent blooms softly with light -- briefly illuminating a bedside photograph (of james & lily potter) -- then goes dark.
immediately the dark lord appears in the swelling torrent.
they step into the elevator and stand side by side.
the troops take aim.
he closes his sketchbook and hands it to rose.
malcolm breaks from his thoughts and looks at cole who watches him with unwavering attention.
he nods at cal.
she looks blank.
it is already occupied by a middle-aged.
he does a backward flip over it.
she struggles against him, throwing a wild elbow that tags kyle in the face.
peter, tears running down his cheeks, looks at the peaceful face of his dead uncle.
indy removes the cloth-wrapped cross from his desk.
the station wagon finally heads into the driveway.
they kiss then turn towards their guests, smiling happily.
she notices sandy's wallet and phone by the room key on the dresser.
she crouches down next to him and lays newspapers from a pile out on the ground to kneel on.
a bright blue flame leaps from its wide mouth.
harry waves it.
kate goes down to sean's apartment.
then he gets a clear look at gittes, bruised, trousers torn, etc.
jenny leads forrest into the thick tobacco field.
but the eyes are bright.
will opens a writing pad.
harry touches his forehead where his scar is reappearing.
everyone is frozen.
peter beckons the hostess and slips her a wad of money.
the kid climbs on to the bed.
in the courtyard, she faces the school.
hilly's automatic smile freezes.
gatsby watches from the top of the stairs for a moment, then walks away.
terrified he rises even higher.
the embrace has an odd, formal quality to it, like mafiosi coming to a sitdown.
he places the ring on the plinth and returns to his seat.
he does so with effort, and at last he sees patel.
morgan brings his asthma spray to his mouth and inhales.
he is sitting with frodo on a terrace overlooking a waterfall.
a gun is put to his head.
merrill turns and looks to graham.
we tilt up from the road to reveal edward and karl walking out of ashton.
hagrid lifts harry high, drops him onto buckbeak's back, and before harry's settled, slaps buckbeak's hindquarters.
he picks up the gun, wipes it with a rag to remove dil's fingerprints.
the mountains are completely subsumed by the ocean.
finally, he glances over at her.
his apartment hasn't been touched.
they all stop.
the choppers fly overhead.
and then he sees the glow of firelight dancing across the catacomb walls.
and it really doesn't look any worse than any other moist, sulphurous, infernal horror you might run across.
a bleak farmhouse and silo are the only features on a flat snow-swept landscape.
she glances into her classroom as she walks out of the school's main doors.
the camera stops.
as dusk approaches, joe cycles beside a pylon in a field as he looks for his dog.
he studies his fingertips, then looks up at the building to his right.
he stares at octavius.
in class, ron whispers to harry.
harry looking a little sheepish, turns to them both.
they separate.
she nods again.
uncle vernon, wearing a dressing gown, puts on the light and glares around the room.
in the control room, abby looks like she's going to pass out.
his face is distorted.
he shows beam bond's photo on his camera.
the audience turns again.
the kid in the cowboy hat is reaching up to slap hi on the ass.
the young man sobs.
exposing his metal leg, mad-eye moody sits in an alcove, wearing a kilt and a ferret sporran.
they've been savagely cut.
but quirrell is trying to choke him.
vogel now swings a shovel at indy, smashing at his hands.
and the world returns to normal speed as gabriel brings the mace arcing down at jeep.
a group of older women all curtsy as the queen passes them.
angela walks over to lester.
harry circles round, then comes back.
then he goes to the forte-piano and seats himself.
the silhouete of the oak tree, jenny and forrest as they sit on a branch.
phyllis drives on and never turns her head.
gimli ducks a blow and immediately buries his axes in 2 goblin helmets.
she opens one door.
she nods tearfully.
one after another, dementors drop from the sky, vanish in the cyclone.
a distant relative of lt. dan's, wearing a revolutionary war uniform, falls dead in the snow.
as reggie continues to run.
sam walks up the path towards his house.
small, brown mushrooms growing amongst the loamy undergrowth.
harry tows the trunk down the stairs.
the queen picks up her spectacles and puts them on.
she locks up and deposits her keys by a desk.
sadie and her friend chase the triplets into the kitchen.
inside, jackson, gordon and the others shine torches as tenzen shoulders a pneumatic drill.
he snatches the tape from her and they watch the film.
he finds a salve but after a moment sets it down, noticing something in the mirror.
the teammate runs over to forrest and hands him the ball.
puffs on the cigar, then blows the match.
the leeds players, in purple team track suits with their surnames on their backs form a semicircle facing brian with stout redhead bremner who dived for the penalty in the derby cup clash beside lanky giles.
peter struggles to free himself.
darryl is sitting on a chair looking dazed.
they embrace.
resumes making out.
they billow forward in the shape of a skull, from which three dark trails of smoke appear.
szpilman hears a car engine and the screech of brakes.
stan grins with sinister delight, showing bad teeth.
tuvia and ben zion, behind them zus with bella by his side, lead the way out of the wood.
he spits in the sink.
she stares down into the water.
it looks like the trailers haven't moved from this patch of barren ground in decades.
they kiss, snuggled in the floral quilt on jenny's single bed beneath a portrait of the virgin mary.
the house is covered in fresh snow.
he looks at forrest.
over this john enters the shot and stands at the fringe of the group, staring at preacher's hands and at the doll.
with this hi notices her.
from an aerial view, we see the boys are heading toward the distance skyscrapers of mumbai.
juno races up the stairs outrunning bleeker's mothers and getting to bleeker's room before her.
she's sharpening her pencil.
emergency vehicles arrive at the scene.
she gives him a sultry look, and he grins.
lupin lowers his wand and lets harry go.
he takes out his wand and looks around warily before throwing open the door to reveal a shadowy figure bending over a large wooden box.
evan's car has been trashed and is surrounded by broken glass.
the man climbs over a high wall.
he comes into the room.
ferris shuts the door and follows aisha.
lily wears the sorting hat.
henry swallows some of the water.
hagrid gives a shy smile.
al-saleem, a bearded man wearing a loose-fitting robe and a pale cream cap.
the swirling vortex of light travels up voldemort's wand, illuminating his face.
something startles him.
sidney stops with a frown as alison strides off.
he pushes the call button and turns.
he half turns his head to look at peter who is in his spider man suite but without the mask.
they walk across the field and we see there's a massive crowd gathered and cheering, tents are set up all over.
we also see a small bi-plane that is suspended from the zeppelin by a hook & crane device.
he gets painfully to his feet.
at the hospital, handsome, clean-cut colin keeps holding.
his car backs out.
from somewhere we hear a loud boink, as of a wire popping.
sarah picks up kindling for a fire in a field next to a river.
he kicks a table, then marches into his front room and kicks over another table.
she turns to mirabehn.
ahead is a small patch of worn grass in a children's playground.
marcus comes into the office as willie emerges from around the back of the safe.
the man in black, stunned, doing everything be can to keep inigo by the cliff edge.
sidney dives for the window and closes it.
there are three glasses of water on the tv set.
rose runs along the deck.
they slap the bread away and rip off his fake, droopy mustache and ill-fitting wig.
his anxious eyes quieten.
moving swiftly, ricky pulls the drapes shut and switches on a light.
he walks down the street about ten steps when helen comes up to him.
a red dot travels sideways.
she tilts her head and glances at sandy, and kisses the back of his neck.
the apache circles the sphere as lights blaze out from the interior then concentrate at the base of the towering object.
the hungarian horntail flaps its huge leathery wings.
she looks at him for a moment.
cal closes the door.
karami takes the phone and hani goes to ferris.
without shaking hands, ferris goes.
mickey, as reflected in the mirror, starts to pace as the.
andy tries to catch up.
the crippled farmer takes careful aim and brings his crutch down on the back of gittes' head.
they give a longer kiss.
they went around to face the door.
the electric lights are on.
finally, david drops the bar back onto the supports.
cole takes a seat at the kitchen table as lynn walks back into the laundry room.
they're followed by hani, who walks in and stares at ferris.
jean-louis stands looking at some stamps.
they can't see the intruder.
charles reacts; he's never smoked anything.
mary king continues to dance with wickham, smiling contentedly.
a case hits alec's foot.
karen is thoroughly enjoying chili's manipulation of martin.
elsewhere in the forest commander panchenko and gramov ride ahead of the column of soldiers who are walking behind them.
she throws her arms around harry and gives him a warm hug.
and he, too, is carried with the flow into the lobby.
ferris kills the man by the fire.
elliot turns the lamp back on, then turns to hannah; she is lying on her side of the bed, partially in shadow.
she smiles and turns her face towards him.
carolyn picks hers up mechanically, but continues to stare at him, enraptured, like a fervent christian who's just come face to face with jesus.
she glances over at wickham.
stupefied, harry moves to the mirror doorway.
balls gliding down lanes
in a pub, the officers detour through a side door which ports them to a street.
he turns and nuzzles into her shoulder.
he measures gandhi for a moment to see that he is sincere, and when he is satisfied with that, he turns slowly to nehru, patel and azad.
one of the men gives karami a bicycle and he leaves.
salim looks back at his brother mischievously and disappears.
he runs out of the back door, sue following him.
she strides to a punch bowl and serves herself a cup.
the song is amazing.
his last test is to sweep the cue ball into the corner pocket.
florence looks up at the ceiling.
young edward lies in bed, his limbs connected to various pulleys and levers to support his weight.
the dementor looms closer and closer, when.
jenny's grave marker reads: jenny gump july 16, 1945 -- march 22, 1982 beloved mother, wife and friend.
but turns to face the crowd with a grateful smile before turning back to the notes.
using the glowing tip of his wand to light the way.
treading carefully, he stops by a tree.
the chainsaw pulls down weakly.
he sticks a cigarette in his mouth.
that takes the wind out of all of them.
whip walks down a hotel corridor with charlie holding a can coca-cola.
he turns to find bella standing behind him.
she mouths the word money to her husband.
kate locks the apartment door, turns out the hall lights and saunters back into the room.
as sandy pours himself a cup of coffee, the brown utility van pulls into the motel parking lot.
icey rushes to door and opens it.
marley's knocked over the dustbin in the kitchen and is having a feast.
the flatcar draws even and slows.
the queen emerges, accompanied by prince philip, charles, william, and harry.
yellin, pressed against the main gate.
her blonde hair pulled off her face and held by yellow clips watching him and smiling.
hoffman radios the guy who's watching ferris.
he kisses ruth.
agents and soldiers stand around on the street.
a full moon appears from behind the clouds.
she stands waiting until dave and mrs. deveridge start downstairs.
the train passes camera to the third class section, which seems besieged by humanity.
fabrizio rushes over.
we see that she has brought an oversized handbag with her, which lies prominently on the table.
drover and the boys watch as the soldiers move away from the body.
fergus walks her down the scaffolding ramp.
the pieces of glass are deflected and reduced to a fine sand.
aragorn sings for his people.
cole steps up to the stone.
joe crawls to the projector to stop it -- but.
but joe has slapped charles' arm, his eyes locked to the screen -- charles looks too -- and now we see it: through the.
he falls face down again.
inside, there's a small collection of nervous-looking locals, comprising women, children and old men.
jenny enters the heads' wood paneled office.
dr. bowe has his finger inside of pete's anus, giving him a prostate exam.
but burning on the dirt floor of the nearly-dug hole, it lights up a tunnel at the bottom.
the wind ruffles harry's hair as he walks over the rocks.
they all turned to look at her with their somber smooth skinned faces.
the woman, dr. elsa schneider, extends her hand to brody.
he hauls himself unsteadily to his feet.
peter watches her fondly, then spots beams and a girder toppling.
the two men move into the bunker.
frodo is staring, a look of shock on his face at the ring lying in the palm of his hand.
he raises a hand.
on the curve of the crescent moon, a boy lounges with his fishing rod.
indy stands at his desk as students begin to disperse.
he turns to ron.
giant models of rockets mark the fair's theme of space travel; most prominent in the construction are two tall towers, with the flying saucers now mounted at the top of each.
the guys are in kurt's car.
at a clinic, ferris sits in a waiting room with a group of women and children.
the gaze is firm, strong, cynical.
several cables holding a funnel snap and flail against water like whips.
spider-man swings in front of him and throws a punch.
abby gags as she pushes past him and walks out.
he gets back up, pats the drier and leans against it for a moment.
michael aims.
and when she pulls back, her performance over, she's smiling.
she finds christian sitting at the bar.
a bridge moves ahead.
gimli sits insolently on the seat of the steward.
looking up at the dude as his face hits the glass and squishes.
she stands in front of him unflinching.
thelma knocks back her shot of wild turkey and holds up her glass to the waitress to bring her another one.
the bright light engulfs michael, then vanishes taking him with it.
he rises, allows her to sit.
she turns to see johnny at the wheel.
the locomotive pulling cattle and goods trucks comes into sight, rolling slowly towards the boundary of the umschlagplatz and coming to a halt.
she turns to indy, her face alight with possession of the grail.
and off they go.
we feature a man in middle age, but one who looks ill and drawn (meha).
five kids walk past in silhouette.
he switches on lights in an armory.
he stretches out his left hand over the water.
as he struggles, they wrestle him to the floor and flip him on his back, holding him down.
they put their arms around each other and mary jane's eyes fill with tears as she rests her hand on the back of his neck.
passenger stumble as the boat's hull crunches into the docks.
one man jumps and free falls into the icy water where small groups of survivors cling to floating debris.
she suddenly raises herself onto her elbows and climbs back into the van.
they look down from a stone balustrade.
harry jumps, quickly followed by ron.
hermione, ron and the others come into the wrecked hall of the ministry of magic and stop in alarm when they see dumbledore kneeling beside harry.
adrian addresses elise's friend.
looking sad, she dances with other students in front of a panel of judges.
she looks at his bloody hands and cut arm.
edward stands with a bouquet of daffodils in front of a half- open door.
marcus looks him over.
vanessa looks defeated.
the magistrate receives that news with some alarm.
they run into a tunnel.
merrill turns and rushes in graham's direction
ben pauses outside, facing the door dejectedly.
willie drops the bag with a loud thud.
dr. abel briefly passes by the doorway.
fergus hears a car following them, and turns around to look.
drover places his ear close to the dying man's mouth to hear him.
he stretches out.
they look towards the departed preacher.
then he raises his head, trying to regain control.
mozart looks at the coins astonished.
he lowers the lens, and we see jeff's eyes travel across the screen, as he imagines thorwald's progression.
pippin catches up to merry.
the clerk takes out a bundle of letters and quickly sorts through it.
she gets up slowly and crosses to her rain coat, lying over a chair.
when the spot clears, there's nothing left of the brook or the symbiote.
a shutter is pulled closed.
he regains his seat on the broomstick, and watched by hermione, clings on anxiously.
sharp thunder rolls across 40 miles to minas tirith.
his head bangs against the wall but he manages to raise a foot and push peter violently away, sending him sprawling back, toppling across the bed and over, head first, onto the floor on the other side, where he disappears.
mary jane gives him a hurt, angry look, purses her lips and goes to the door.
he's still carrying the backpack we saw earlier, and scratched up from his trip through spectre.
ferris slams the man against a wall and yanks his arm up behind his back.
gawky jack stands in a hot-air balloon.
he glances over at the sleeping ron.
for no reason at all he feels he has come home.
the dog howls louder.
lockhart flies upwards, hits the roof of the cave and falls.
mad-eye sends the spider onto draco's face.
as charles rides off with the film, joe follows -- and we boom up along the water tower as they go.
abby sinks down onto her bed, wearing the same expression.
she does a little dance.
she regards him thoughtfully.
putting the card in his pocket, he looks down at harry.
she pokes the extinguisher nozzle at him, warningly.
recapping earlier football, baseball and basketball highlights, we find edward beats don every time.
a girl, tina, sits up nearby.
emily watches as cal reverses.
dillinger does the same.
gatsby strokes her chin and she looks up at nick.
she starts to close the door, but george stops her.
in a flash of light, it hurtles backwards and disappears.
stunned, jenny turns to leave.
cu, salieri in his box, tears on his cheeks.
donovan instantly takes it from her.
but there are firmly fixed.
he indicates the sponge: it's for the make-up.
this is the first time we've gotten the real vertigo feeling and it's a gasper.
she takes sadie's mp3 player.
a crooked house stands alone.
debbie is dropping desi off at her apartment.
looking totally miserable, he sits down in front of his breakfast plate, a fried egg on a square of dry toast, surrounded by four toast triangles.
the ship scrapes along the side of the ice.
her knees drawn up to her chest, hermione stares blankly at ron's radio.
mike goes next door with his nephew.
holden shakes his head sheepishly and looks downward, aw- shucks style.
the wolf circles the car examining it.
she puts down the phone and stands very still.
a steady shared look.
in another, rose smiles to stride a horse.
a girl bites into a piece of fruit and passes it to her neighbor.
another soldier leaps from the truck onto the tank and raises his knife as he grabs indy.
tuvia grabs him from behind and wrestles him to the ground.
grandpierre's face, then gideon's, then reggie's and sylvie's -- all staring at camera.
in his cabin, bathed in golden lamplight, tuvia is sitting up in bed bare-chested with lilka lying against him, covered by a blanket.
graham and merrill pushing hard against it, the pickaxe now firmly waged under the doorknob.
walt sits down in a chair,
he avoids the hard chrome bumpers and tailpipes that jut out from the cars as he quickens his pace through the lot.
he can see a section of ghetto wall below.
alyssa's face drops.
maria, charlotte, and lizzie are walking outside in the gardens.
ron presses a button on the dashboard.
he turns again and gestures emphatically.
there is applause and noise, but ba does not acknowledge it; she simply sits cross-legged behind gandhi, who is talking with patel and nehru.
harry catches bellatrix's wand and aims at lucius.
in a dressing room, mrs. watson, in a mauve satin outfit with a wide-brimmed hat, is attending a stony-faced mj, who's wearing a white off-the-shoulder dress with short layered sleeves.
a black and white great dane stands barking at him in the garden.
the others are grouped, more or less, at the other end.
a desk blocks it.
a blue and white neon sign for the travel inn glows in the night.
draco stumbles back and falls into the water accumulating on the floor from a burst pipe.
he shows watson the chess piece.
georgiana is standing at lizzie's side.
the hobbits suddenly stop and unstrap their knapsacks.
graham's eyes drift to the bedroom window.
he finds files with photos attached.
bleeker comes round to the other side of the bed and pulls off his yellow sweatband.
a burst of flame sets the end of harry's broomstick on fire.
she runs her hand over her own belly as she gives into tears.
he is worried about the outcome of the meeting.
mr. brown lifts his head up, blood in his eyes.
ryan holds the cardboard cut-out of julie and jim in front of the main terminal building at st. louis airport.
shade down, business as usual.
he brings the bottle to his nose.
the young woman notices jamal lurking at the entrance as a guard closes the gates.
ben meets her gaze blankly.
the fell-beast lifts eowyn from her feet.
laurie walks up on the front porch of her house.
on it is a moving image of the minister of magic, cornelius fudge.
he recoils when he sees a tiny, skeletal, red, raw naked figure curled up in a fetal position.
once on the path he pauses, looks up at the light in the bedroom window, then pulls himself up, squares his shoulders, strides manfully up the path.
they fire napalm as the jungle explodes with massive fireballs.
the man wears a suit with the collar open, and is staring intently at his cell phone.
on the pads of his fingertips barbed bristles are beginning to grow.
malcolm is brought out of his trance.
jane rolls her eyes, crosses to the door and lets carolyn in.
dil holds her cheek close to his.
he takes a drag on his cigar.
a pimp and the head whore watch her progress as the organ- grinder grinds out the music.
meanwhile, water floods the cargo hold, knocking down the two stewards.
frodo and sam walking along a country lane which borders farmer maggot's fields.
she takes harry by the hand into a closet.
he moves back with shock as she loudly and emphatically orders him out, out, out.
brandishing an uncooked steak held high on a carving fork, kate marches out of the kitchen through the dining room and up to table seven.
the opposing columnated university building, pathways in front of it.
on the airfield a transport plane is being readied.
a lot of hollering is going on.
watches the top of the corn stalks swaying slightly with the wind.
silent bob stands there.
they make foot shapes in condensation.
norman places suitcase on bed, goes to the window, opens it.
reaching for the bottle, sarah abruptly lurches forward over her typewriter, and knocks the bottle over.
their tension interrupted by an out of breath charles.
it crashes into the earth a little distance away.
martin gets up and puts his hat on.
the plane swoops down past a sign atop a building at the edge of the airport.
harry does as he's told.
marcus seems to have a little difficulty reaching the battery terminals.
harry sees his parents in a mirror and a reflection of his younger self between them.
in the woods, the shell rips through a tree trunk, splintering it into matchwood.
as the shrunken head cackles with delight, harry peers out the windscreen, watches london careering by.
the next morning, willie is still asleep in bed.
lockhart looks confused.
the queen turns back to her right.
his wife is slightly younger, peroxided, faded show girl type.
merrill's head is leaned against a bunch of winter coats.
the death eaters aim their wands in the air and loose off a volley of bolts of light.
they wander through the room of requirement.
he hits him twice more, ripping the mask right off.
a shiver runs through the sand on the floor at their feet.
she lies down beside him on her belly.
rose pries her hand out of jack's grip.
scabior catches one of the flaming embers on the tip of his wand.
her hands stained with blood, hermione sighs with relief.
then they look: the shuddering is coming from the cube he took from the crash site, sitting on his desk.
indy turns back to observe the men.
nicole walks past whip, raising a hand to her head before she sits on the bed.
the three friends walk out through an archway together and watch as the beauxbatons coach flies overhead.
stanley cunningham looks over the class of blank faces.
the driver of the truck slips and slides his way over to david.
he puts a huge black egg on the table.
he is getting to his feet, but sways woozily.
seated guests clap as a movie clip plays at an award ceremony.
a priest can be glimpsed speaking while charles has his hand over his mouth and looks in grief at the casket before him.
they drink, dance and splash about in the ornamental pool.
the music is glorious.
when he looks up, spider-man has gone.
she pulls on her jacket and picks up her shoes.
gandalf crosses quickly to the edge and peers down: pov: one of the beautiful isengard trees is being ripped from the ground by the orcs.
then he stops and looks at his hand.
they fall.
he looks up and sees a group of men around him.
sitting opposite him, ryan glances down.
she reaches up and grabs a wire hanger from the top of the closet.
chili nods, leans forward on the desk.
rose searches in the drawer.
listening to him is a sizable audience, including the emperor, flanked by strack and von swieten.
we see fats' bejeweled fingers curl around the cue stick, the stick then darting out to send a ball caroming off a far bank and into a side pocket.
guests and waiters are passing by.
merrill moves up the stairs by himself.
she prints out one of the photos,
the car stops in front of him and he opens the dude's door and hands in the briefcase.
rick gets up, as does laszlo.
his wise dark eyes peer at her through his owl-like glasses.
the dementor releases him.
outside, people are patiently in the food queue.
harry starts to raise his wand, then freezes, transfixed.
he touches the spring; the blade flicks open.
ricky grabs his backpack, turns and walks out the door, leaving the colonel standing there, glassy-eyed and breathing heavily.
the latter two are engaged in an animated conversation.
while, at the other end, a befuddled tony puts down the phone.
she runs outside.
he meets merrill's gaze.
in a series of frustrated grunts and groans he becomes more and more aggravated until, finally.
outside, a white horse is cantering along a wooden path.
he steps behind the counter and finds bob lying in a massive pool of blood.
who's sitting beside the tub.
ferris looks up at the sky.
eddie grabs sarah and starts to pull her back under the awning.
then, a short man approaches him.
he responds.
she beckons graciously.
she glances round at harry, then back to ron.
gordon glances up and sees jackson watching them.
he remembers only too well letting the man pass.
we now see behind ben the door that leads from the braddock den, in which ben is sitting.
david averts his gaze, his lips parted.
frodo's head lolls lifelessly in sam's arms.
people dangling from railings lose their grips and fall.
the board of parrish communications is gathered, absent are parrish and quince.
clutching a script, he runs over to the kaznyk's house.
dumbledore launches a blast of powerful energy.
chili moves to the staircase, now sees the bear in his hawaiian shirt standing a few steps from the top.
a collection of people in khaki and civilian colors pour down the hill.
halfbreed grabs at indy's feet again; indy rolls away and we see large bins of squirming snakes.
the hat brim fills the screen.
fats rises and tosses his cue on the table.
bogrod grins inanely as the door opens.
the figure lowers the brolly and walks towards him.
she watches as a young woman dives into the water and swims front crawl.
dillinger's profile grows blurry as the view focuses on the radio beyond.
the dude shouts to cover his fear.
the name ezra turner has been encircled on the list.
in the race, a rider falls.
cars stream across an arched iron bridge over a river.
this is not the mythically carnal creature of lester's fantasies; this is a nervous child.
reese rifle-butts a soldier in the face, then shoots another.
bond's shadow passes over the dunes.
dillinger leads billie down a hall into a luxurious living room.
silenced by the bishop's gentle tones, the policemen turn and leave.
he flings the blue shirts onto a desk and peers down his nose at them.
the two men begin walking along the graveyard, winding around headstones and flowers.
he responds and kisses her for a moment, then pulls away sharply.
they sit at a twig fire, roasting a small creature on a spit.
he takes a picture.
the bartender cannot contain his staccato laughter.
gittes goes back to the photographs.
he slaps the table; his eyes crackle.
she grins bashfully and continues down the sidewalk with his jacket and arm around her.
with their lips locked, they sink under water.
at the front door, aibileen casts one last look at hilly, who seems to have lost all her puff.
behind them is bert, his face now shaded by dark glasses, following a bellhop to the main desk.
a series of shots, as azad leads the first row of volunteers down and up the dip.
eddie takes some balls out of the return box and throws them on the table.
jamal in the studio looking pensive.
tuvia at the head of his flock, faced as he strides on, a machine gun is held across his body.
susan regards joe, puzzled.
the corpse retreats from the flames.
the sight of the lunch counter reminds him of sarah.
he aims his rifle.
a tear rolls down his cheek and he wipes it away with his hand.
it is sharp but brief, he notices it but what it does not continue, he ignores it.
emily remains sitting at the table.
a woman is shot, another abused and a third dragged away by her hair.
forrest stops suddenly as his brace gets stuck.
he runs down the bank and across the stony shore to the edge of the water.
elizabeth drags her off.
and fezzik crunches the albino on the top of the head as if he had a hammer and was driving in a nail.
his good hand flips the overcoat back, he unbuttons his jacket, loosens his tie and shirt.
he holds up his hand for attention.
the door is open a few inches, letting him look in on his father and his wife.
he smiles when he sees the weasley family together.
he's followed by ron, now, a tall man with auburn hair and a mustache, reginald cattermole.
drover frowns, and looks down at him.
a smile of relief comes on helen's face.
the two children are mesmerized by the screen.
it falls backwards, but gets stuck halfway down.
anna turns to malcolm.
she's walked past him toward the door.
one man slips off a pole and spins as he bounces off a railing.
he stops and stares out some chain link mesh to see enrique slow to a stop at an underpass.
he holds her hand.
turns again and they row past mulwray and the girl, gittes again clicking off several fast shots.
the baby stops crying and florence's attention returns to her book.
as he disappears into a crowded back alley, his father, thomas, leaves a hooker outside an adjacent building and spots benjamin.
suddenly the man moves like lightning, jerking his head down so the hood comes off, throwing his body, tied to the chair, over jude.
through the windshield we see laurie get out of annie's car, say goodbye and walk up to the doyle house.
later, rose writes on a sheet of paper.
he has sunken eyes.
he dries his hands with the towel and leads the way through the house to the front door.
he stares, barely breathing.
he just looks at indy, overcome with emotion.
purvis takes aim with a pistol.
jack gazes across the ship.
the banner headline of the tempe intelligencer is: arizona quints go home.
a black car pulls up.
jack grins at rose.
fudge looks confused.
lights on the bridge and car headlights all go out.
he pulls on goggles to protect his eyes.
as javert walks up the steps to his police station his assistant stops him with an urgent letter.
harry slides hermione's wand from her pocket.
the waitress leaves.
eponine stands outside marius' door.
harry is still being chased by the heavy wooden bludger.
he swings his legs off the sofa, stands, and crosses to a door.
the sister sits at her night-table brushing her hair.
another dance begins.
harry faces his friends.
he rips the joe's pizza sticker from it.
he opens the door to a walk-in wardrobe, switches on the bare bulb, and feels under some folded jeans on a shelf above his head.
the preacher removes benjamin's boater and stares at him.
they smile and wave back.
the car hits the ground and comes to a halt dislodging the lost spider.
the way he says the words gives lynn a chill.
peter shakes his head and looks away in a daze.
and suddenly a mass of people, hidden by the embankment, appear at the top of the steps coming up from the river, and the camera lifts slightly with their movement and we see that they are but the forerunners of a long tendril of humanity that stretches across the river, all the way back to the distant outskirts of the city.
he drops it on the table.
and christ, another guy now, this one down the aisle, talking on his hand radio.
kate reaches out to turn off her square-faced alarm clock, which reads half-past four.
lucius stretches out his hand, purses his lips and sets off towards his parents.
explaining to zus.
the four men pick up the injured nizar and carry him to the back of the van.
doyle then looks up to the detective.
she flounces off with her nose in the air.
the bennet sisters are still sitting in the parlor.
opening one jar, she scoops out a finger full of cream and damps it on her face.
he rises, looks up to the roof.
he sits staring at the door, holding his breath not to betray his presence.
focusing on the final shadow, we come to find edward making the shapes.
evan struggles to his feet and circles around tommy, keeping a distance as he douses tommy with pepper spray.
his hands clasped together.
camera slowly tracks over to a phone booth.
zoe pretends to be an elephant.
suave james hands her a glass.
cal glances at lovejoy, who arches his eyebrows.
the gleaming ball shows three dead black holes rolling toward us--finger holes.
the banner reads i assure you, we're open.
below them, final preparations are being made on the party field.
arkady saunters off, his lip curled.
sparks jet from lupin's wand, strike the doorknob, and the wardrobe bursts open.
cary rounds the corner.
on a dark country lane, a hobbit bounder lifts his watch lantern in alarm.
ashton stares at sam's corpse with wide eyes as barnes grips ashton's arm.
ben puts her files back in his briefcase and leaves with a polite smile.
fred collects his winnings.
lonely building, a stone hut, mr. and mrs. dursley are fast asleep in a big double bed.
abby steps away, not wanting to ponder larry's balls anymore than she has to.
jude and fergus get out of the car.
the detective leaves, while the boss lingers with his arms folded.
legolas' eyes are fixed on a distant dark patch which darts about the sky, like flying smoke in the wind.
graham rushes out of his wooden farmhouse and heads towards a whitewashed barn, while the younger man runs down a flight of steps from the other floor.
the students watch, grim-faced.
in the morning, a cargo train passes by a rusty disheveled station.
the top half of the door opens.
then he looks at inigo, shakes his head.
lester is quiet, staring at his plate.
ron, hermione, and harry look across at lavender, who lifts her chin and grits her teeth.
it is hushed but violent as he pulls her toward the rear door, opening it to push her out as she struggles against him.
holmes shins up a rope hanging from a block-and-tackle on the side of the building.
a shot rings out, and the man falls to the ground.
reggie holds up his hand to apologize.
ben stands looking distraught, then closes his mobile.
szpilman listens to his footsteps clattering down the stairs.
david and elise glance after him, then continue forward together.
hugh follows.
anna has lost hold of her mother's hand.
gimli, legolas, merry, pippin, frodo and sam are in a pavilion set among the trees near the fountain.
they both count down the seconds.
spider-man, still without the mask, spins round to see the incredulous look on mj's face as she recognizes him.
jackson, taken by surprise, stares at noah.
they stand on a platform.
howard's body lurches further out the window.
mark comes downstairs.
tommy clutches his throat, gagging in blood.
gittes scrambles up the embankment to note the direction the storm drain by hollenbeck bridge takes.
ron holds onto the door.
debbie tries to gently break the news.
takes another look.
a man walks through the rubble kicking at things.
soldiers file out, weapons raised torches blazing.
lightoller loads his revolver, while lowe boards the lifeboat.
in the present, the soldier with the rifle pulls the trigger.
he kisses her hand.
he hands salim two coins.
lt. dan steps over to a large black soldier named sergeant.
later, mr. bennett hurries out of his study to find lizzie.
forrest turns up the sidelines and runs toward the end zone.
arm and arm, they take to the dance floor.
the californian coastline bears up slowly and slips into the sea.
he turns, just as she's trying to slip away unnoticed.
he gazes, wide-eyed, at a sign over the entrance of a theater.
holmes crouches and takes another sheet of paper from his pocket.
ron and harry join them.
which contains the circus magic equipment.
his eye catches keyes', who is walking up and down.
harry watches them as they run this way and that, then appear to be heading down the corridor straight towards him.
he plays the massive organ.
ginny has disappeared.
the whomping willow shakes the water from its branches.
the gown has slipped partway up her legs.
the fabric clinging to her breasts, like the old movie poster of the deep.
startled, then again tender, she moves to:she adjusts the shade, looking always towards the bed.
delmar lays a hand on george's shoulder and tries to steer him toward the door.
she is surrounded by her many children.
he sees a group of snatchers.
he slaps henry again.
this won't be good news.
tuvia slowly scrambles to his feet.
salim and latika glanced at each other then back at the tv.
on the outcrop, voldemort with nagini coiled beside him, unleashes a powerful blast of light toward the shield from the elder wand.
she walks away towards the house.
rugen, lying dead.
featuring patel approaching the microphone, stilling the house with upraised hands.
she points across the room and floats away.
spikes of sunlight break through the thick canopy, catching particles in the air.
tim strokes her arm as he stares into her adoring eyes.
anheuser hangs up his cell phone in the busy control room which is lined with computer equipment and terminals.
later, she sits on the end of his bed and watches as he finishes eating.
captain smith stares at her, then turns and steps away.
other journalists wait with flashbulb cameras.
whip rises to leave.
the accomplice drives away, leaving flint behind.
she stirs.
in a store, teenage girls try on funky shoes.
kay approaches, motioning to jay to make sure no one hears.
as he gets out of the car.
grimsrud sweeps his gun off the front seat, opens his door and gets out.
the shells obliterate the canopy on rambo's boat.
harry gets to his feet and runs away from the dark figure.
she turns and faces him.
the four hobbits sprawled on the ground, holding their breath.
he takes out a leaflet.
basically, it looks like normal morning activity in front of butch's home.
he throws his sword to the floor.
a beat and then melvin nods, hardly breathing -- backing down.
as they approach, they are joined by a tall boy with a beard.
he stands looking out of a window with a drink in his hand.
she wanders along the sun-bleached pavement beneath two huge fashion posters on her way back to the office.
they ride in an early car.
her hand reaches out and touches it.
forrest and lt. dan are working on the boat.
remus' little finger rests on hers.
the priest conducts the choir.
the nazgul circle low over the city, like vultures seeking doomed men's flesh.
she looks alarmed.
louis is bleeding.
the timer on his lcd screen reads nearly two hours and two minutes.
she extends her hand.
a shadow falls across them.
later she is sitting glumly on a bus.
he slowly raises the phone to his ear.
they smash into each other and plunged to the ground, erupting in a huge fire ball.
gabriel slowly steps through the wrecked diner holding his mace.
outside, on the sunny street, mr. oti tips his hat to one of three children playing baseball.
as he peers into the gloom, rooney notices the headlights of his truck and the streetlight nearby start to flicker.
outside, purvis passes in and out of light as he treads forward.
he holds the ball up and moves it back and forth.
the other germans are ambushed from behind.
jimmy follows brian into the leeds dressing room.
in the style of the hearst yellow press, there is a heart- shaped drawing around one of the photos that gittes had taken.
gatsby frowns and goes inside, leaving nick holding his tray of little cakes.
the passengers lift the unconscious, unmasked spider-man into the carriage.
scabior joins the chase.
all the propellers stop.
hagrid is following the game through a pair of binoculars.
carrying a shopping bag, their mother, willa, runs up from background between the children, looking always to cars o.s.
octavius look puzzled.
outside, a strong swelling breeze whips up on the balcony.
thao keeps walking.
meanwhile, rick has walked over to the croupier.
viktor swipes him across the face.
escobar is right at her back.
he javelins the flagpole up and out toward the pursuing crowd.
the policeman's head slides out the window and his body flops back onto the street.
she looks at him equally cautiously.
he looks down at himself.
in extreme close-up an insect is lugging a worm.
the archbishop goes to his throne and sits.
his eyes drift away.
frank standing upset, anxious, holding a dog bowl, a leash and verdell, who is more upset making pathetic little crying.
he wiggles his backside and leaps about, the girls retreat from him wildly, and stop.
graham glances briefly away from the door incredulous.
with murder in his eyes, tuvia cocks his machine gun and steps forward, gunning down every single man.
sim takes it.
she glides along as the cop car passes on the other side without seeing them.
he points his index finger gun-like at the gangsters and mimes shooting them.
the merman is scared off.
denethor bends to the stretcher bearing his son.
the blinds are drawn and the light strikes eddie in the eyes, but still he stumbles after fats, holding his money out before him, pleading.
fleur kisses him too.
expecting andy to be behind her, miranda turns back to address her.
uncle ben gives an ok sign to aunt may as peter walks out of the door.
before gandhi can retort there is a knock on the door.
the agent takes two tickets from his jacket pocket.
szpilman, also a little shabbier, wends his way through the setters and buyers, the beggars, the passers-by, and reaches henryk.
the sergeant is on the low sloping roof of the station.
he gives everett a meaningful look, which everett holds for a considering beat.
the anklet glistens on her leg as she moves.
and with that, jeep walks away, leaving charlie to stare after him, disturbed and surprised by his response.
gatsby kisses her brow.
she looks imploringly at david.
her eyes are wide and brimming with tears.
now, in a cluttered house, she wipes her hair dry and punches numbers into a keypad.
others in the camp look pale and gaunt.
the convict running outside the boxcar door stumbles and disappears and the middle convict is yanked out immediately after.
a lorry pulls into a clearing and more troops dismount.
john is looking left and right, casing the joint.
the dementors keep guard outside the school as all of the students sleep in the great hall.
over his face comes the commentary.
the red-bearded speaker is sent sprawling.
ezra's blue eyes are clouded.
then he turns and starts to run.
he spots something.
he chats on the phone in the office, as zoe fills the bowls with potatoes and walks off with it.
asael looks anxious across at his older brothers.
it is a cruel blow to george.
frodo picks himself up and looks around quickly.
then, indy stuffs his mail into his coat pockets, goes to the window, slides it open and steps out into the garden.
jamal approaches a girl.
fergus takes dil's arm.
agent winstead takes his shots.
cooley gives the faintest smile.
each carries a long staff.
the elderly judge comes out.
two nazi soldiers force another turk forward.
he takes a sip of coffee.
he has pressed the remote on his glove.
colin frowns as she takes it off, leaving her real hair, which falls, tousled, onto her shoulders.
tim raises a hand helplessly, marches back along the corridor and pushes through the double doors.
one pincer flicks out a blade.
a guard stands in the doorway.
longson stalks angrily down the corridor, past the away dressing room, to stand beside a hangdog brian surveying his battered team.
the buzzard-like eyes of the cashier direct his gaze toward eddie's table.
she turns to look at sidney, who shrugs, arms folded.
a handler offers a tracker dog a sniff of clothing.
vizzini and the others, and it's getting too close now.
bond sits next to mr. white, joined by m.
he spies jack holding rose in his arms.
upstairs in the kitchen, his colleagues hear the shot and run off to investigate.
frederick furiously shakes lee away.
he looks at elsa -- they are both soaking wet.
they head straight towards minas tirith.
pages flipping as gandalf searches ancient scrolls and books placed high on a wooden table.
he goes into his room and she goes into hers.
marwan slides back a glass door, and ferris steps out into an ornate garden.
she climbs over a stile, the hem of her pale dress already caked in mud.
head down, the man briskly walks past the tourist, pressing the keys of a mobile phone.
pearl starts guiltily and looks towards him, scrambling money together.
we see dil pushing dave away.
the ss men burst in, machine pistols at the ready.
gittes watches her.
fergus takes a bunch of flowers from behind his back.
money pours onto the table pennies, dimes, quarters, dollar bills small money, but lots of it.
ryan looks fed up.
he closes his eyes and mouths patty wagon self charmingly.
the other guards starts frisking the fans.
in his hotel room wearing a white towel and robe, ryan dries the cut-out with a hair dryer.
the camera is knocked over.
harry takes a deep breath and sinks down after it.
he pulls on the red mask, leaps into the air, casting a web line to pull him self up.
as purvis shoots the side door, homer fires back.
he gets up and grips her arm.
birds fly over a rocky hill and drover works a brumby in the paddock.
she tries to compose herself and the film cuts to the loft entranceway.
constanze looks at it with surprise and enters the bedroom.
he turns and watches lights glint off the surface of rolling waves.
unfolds it on a coffee table, revealing the bifocal glasses, one lens still intact.
he drops them into a stock cart then checks a typed list before moving on.
her shoulders heave.
inside a bank, baby face stands on a table and fires his gun through a window at the policeman.
they get down from the carriage.
the study is cluttered with books.
wand outstretched.
peter bolts then slips through the ropes.
and shuts the door behind her.
cole watches his puppy dart into the living room and under a couch.
a servant enters and pours a large jug of water over his head and back.
don comes from the house with the typewriter.
they see their son off at the station.
his manner is gruff and mean.
the two children are standing a few paces away, drenched by the rain, watching him.
the bottle falls from his hand onto its side on the edge of the chest.
caroline nods and opens the driver's door of her police car.
a woman glares at him, drawing on a cigarette, the tip glowing in the gloom.
preacher gets to his feet.
ben is sitting forward in his seat, his hands clasped in front of him.
then they turn again and face each other.
laurel slams into a wall on one side of the morgue, thrown there by edgar.
mozart, with a bright, rather demented smile presents his head to schikaneder.
the judge walking toward the open door of the car, held open by his goon.
she takes her license off the clipboard.
harry turns and nods acknowledgement.
she looks at him suspiciously.
herman means the sheriff, who now enters the house.
he finds platform 9.
a guy with a beard jostles through the crowd and snatches a ticket from a man's pocket as he brushes past him.
bleeker is running alone on the track.
and now the court explodes.
she opens her menu, then turns to lee, reacting suddenly to her sister, who is rubbing her forehead, looking terribly upset.
lizzie makes her way over to charlotte.
and loads rubble into a wheelbarrow.
he hangs up his coat and hat.
she eyes two men doing shots.
the line of prisoners continues away from a wall 30 feet high.
dudley and harry look up as the sky grows even darker.
fergus takes it gently from her mouth and places it on the table.
graham and caroline come out of the house.
balancing on both feet, he keeps his eyes firmly on the stolen car.
it becomes a larger, wirier machine, held together by an elaborate series of mechanical muscles and metallic tendons.
grandma follows her.
harry is the last to lower his gaze.
with a terrifying shriek, the king of the dead sweeps his sword towards aragorn's head!
the mace slashes a hole in the floor.
his mobile flashes as it rings.
for a moment he just stands there, sword in hand.
he stands there, watching her drive away.
gittes stands, and sweats, watching a japanese gardener trim a hedge.
they bow and turn.
sometime later, mary jane wearing a red dress sings on the stage at the crowded jazz club.
she fixes him with a stare.
he shrugs, looks off.
now a little scared herself, constanze goes to he front door and opens it cautiously.
and he goes into the building, determined to find the source of ba's aloofness.
adrian rushes across the bridge to scottie.
three men step out of the sedan.
the soldiers stare after the car.
through the glass in the back door we see an old woman dressed in a nightgown approach.
at his locker, bleeker knocks back.
enjolras climbs onto the top of the barricade and waves the flag.
a postman delivers a letter to bubba's mom.
they break apart and stare at one another.
rachel's face falls.
she reaches for the washroom key.
a sozzled mr. hurst taps his glass, demanding a refill.
we pan off of it to find this letter, crudely handwritten, tacked up on a little bulletin board.
he looks around the room; there is an exaggerated femininity about everything in it.
holmes looked thoughtfully at sim and steers her back over to watson.
seated at his table in the cafe, sam toggles through screens on his pda phone.
she opens her mouth in a silent sigh, and looks sad and reflective.
he finds the dining room and the kitchen deserted, too.
in the front well deck, jack pushes rose back as the ship breaks off chunks of ice, which land on the deck and knock down two men.
he leans down and seductively licks from her navel up to her bra.
crossing his legs and placing his top hat on his knee, he stares out of the window.
he gives her another smile.
as he watches gideon.
later he tries to crack the combination.
and she goes back inside.
he releases the ball; we see fergus in bed, breathing heavily.
kevin is at his desk staring gloomily into space as maureen walks up.
a worker puts his head into the store.
the ambulance pulls away from the chaos outside the hotel.
the tall stranger addresses him.
natalie looks uncertain.
she pulls it off and begins to fold it.
drying her hands, jane sits at the top of the four poster bed, lizzie's at the bottom.
they go to his car and he opens the door for emily to get in.
susan is beside herself, her emotions tossed in every direction, joe steadies her.
his expression hardens when he sees a young dark-haired man of asian descent strolling down the sidewalk, and opening the back door of a brown chevrolet four by four.
the people applaud.
one son stands up
gatsby, in a dark dinner suit and bow tie, slowly approaches her.
off the glow of the reading light, the boy is using his hands to cast shadows on the seat back.
he picks up the long-focus lens and trains it on the street intersection, as lisa moves back to him.
she picks it up off the floor, reads it, then looks at bleeker, who is watching the teacher obediently.
there is a pause while ben looks at her expression.
bleeker's mother opens her front door.
mi techs officer isaac arrives outside his suite.
he walks into the church and finds julie sitting with her bridesmaids, crying.
finally crawling into a dark cave beneath the misty mountains.
the tree lunges after them, but they escape its clutching branches.
they look into each other's eyes and ben nods.
looking up with interest from his racing form.
she gazes mournfully at a stone bench under a weeping willow tree.
he is in the front rank of the procession, watching the horses approach.
the gang's leader has a gun.
steps forward and picks up the grail.
as hi reaches the baby we hear footsteps climbing the stairs.
a third photograph shows tuvia, who followed soon after.
moriarty looks at the note then puts it in a leather covered notebook before signing another book.
she rolls over, unhearing, the dress revealing her thighs.
maynard steps in with a fire extinguisher and sprays both guys until they're wide awake and wet as otters.
parrish is startled, he shrinks backward for a moment, his eyes searching the room for the voice, the timbre and pitch of which is exactly what he has heard before.
he wears a suit and has his hands clasped in front of his groin.
the night porter opens the gate, pulls back the grill and the camera rushes past him to pick up gideon.
in his hotel room, ashton opens the curtains and gazes out of the window of the plaza mayor.
a nightmare come to life.
salim and jamal run past another man throwing a molotov cocktail at a door.
he holds onto evelyn as escobar and others hurry up.
a man with a long, brown beard appears at the top of the stairs.
she spots andy.
a bare-chested willie sits astride her, wearing his jeans and a santa hat.
he pauses for a moment before entering.
a negro maid sits patiently in the room, watching over sarah and the coats that sarah is lying on.
then, leaps up and sprints off in the opposite direction.
a large marble block slides back.
a boy leaps off a jetty towards a lake and is frozen in midair.
the car swerves, hits a ball out, then crashes into a set of iron gates.
everyone sits quietly for a moment.
the family consists of martini, his wife and four kid of various ages, from two to ten.
david's sitting on a bench, looking down, while joseph moves from one end of the bar to the other.
emily lies fast asleep, surrounded by machines and monitors.
harry stares at ron, who smiles inanely, a far away look in his eyes.
he is stuffing them into his pockets.
he becomes a creepy, shrivelled wretch.
lovejoy follows them.
their sweet laughter fills the house.
evening, maman has lined up the new children before him.
the woman smiles as she watches the boys.
at times he places his palms together and extends his arms cutting a path through people.
professor mcgonagall is in the corridor.
on the plane, she and ryan sit side-by-side with the isle between them.
in the outer office, the solemn, burly agent stands with his partner.
and comes to a gradual stop, viewing the area with renewed concern.
she barely gets the words out.
she gut-punches him and runs ahead.
it's startling how happy they look.
jimmy helps brian up.
gwen looks around.
edwards, seeing that kay is getting somewhere, joins in the routine.
by now a crowd has gathered.
marcus starts removing stacks of cash and loading them into the santa sack.
she waits for skeeter's approval.
vogel wraps a chain around indy's neck.
they stand, as if on a bridge, with the waters on either side.
natalie takes the picture.
all the courtiers look at salieri.
mia powders her nose by doing a big line of coke off the bathroom sink.
they slam the door shut.
she eyes the man, her hand poised near maitland's face.
hermione holds ron's arm.
his face is swollen and purple.
joe looks surprised and steps towards her.
then, leaves his office, stroking his chin thoughtfully.
nitti, a lean man with dark, slick hair and a handlebar mustache, slouches as he eats.
gwen notices peter glance at her.
a flying button hits dudley.
the doctor looks back at the baby, frowning.
they lie still along the top of the wall.
bond's completely unmoved as the guy rolls his eyes in agony, then dies, blood pooling beneath his head.
gandhi shakes his head with a weary grin.
and opens the back door.
a glow from gandalf's staff suddenly lights the chamber.
they make a formidable team.
we're on joe's stunned face -- but distant voices make him turn his head: hundreds of yards away, through the wreck.
below lies the steep drop down the mountainside to the dark valley below.
she spins around, her face flushed.
sarah is accompanied by a mother and a child who run with her.
they scoop him up and carry him around the stage in celebration.
rooney stands at the bar alone.
the biker roars into frame.
suddenly there is a crash at the door of the cafe, followed by the forced entry of several gendarmes.
its tone is chilling, and gandhi's firmness is shaken a little.
she starts to climb over.
still carrying his broomstick, harry trails after professor mcgonagall.
a smile flickers across his lips.
the compact ruin is deserted, the solid dark wood desk clattered with papers.
sarah sees that eddie seems somber, preoccupied.
tuvia, clutching a slender tree branch, his body position dazed, watches a bomber fly across the sky about to drop another bomb.
each apartment has three windows facing the back, one showing a hallway, one a living room, and the window on the right opening into a bedroom.
he washes his hands.
he races off.
bobby goes back indoors.
rose looks down open-mouth as jack flip to another drawing.
a howling wind lashes the branches sending dust and leaves into the air.
back at the arena harry appears with cedric's body.
while will sips his iced tea, jenny flips through a form she never expected to see again.
steadicam in front of jules and vincent as they make a beeline down the hall.
the kids fell asleep in the back seat.
camera does a 360 around the men.
the film moves down from the buildings to reveal the trio sitting in david's jaguar across the street.
pippin has run to faramir and bends towards him.
he finds his family safe, watching their house burn.
he reaches out and takes elaine's hands.
fats listens, his head bowed.
szpilman thinks for a moment, then takes off his wristwatch, hands it to szalas.
an american 1970s yellow coupe with a black vinyl roof pulls up outside the house.
he takes his hand and begins to wipe her face.
evan impatiently watches andrea turn the bolt.
a camera lens is set on a tripod, and the whole bielski camp assembles for a group photograph.
gothmog turns to his second lieutenant.
the young black girl drops one of her books.
everything is old, but this isn't a ghost town.
dumbledore appears at the top of a flight of stairs.
he drops to the floor, spins the chair, and poses with it.
he stands for a moment, then closes the door after him.
flying close behind, luna gives him a happy smile.
rose places her hands over her mouth.
hagrid throws a tidbit.
she turns toward him and undoes her hair.
joe stares at the money as parrish shows him the door.
she watches the goblin move towards a cable car full of children and some adults.
benjamin turns with a look of disappointment.
voldemort lies on the ground in the forest.
fish swim beside him as he moves easily through the water.
we shoot over two troopers.
she quickly rises, trying to get out of the kitchen before she starts crying.
including reggie, man, sylvie and jean-louis.
fats, immaculate in jacket and tie, tosses a wad of bills -- his stake money -- onto the table.
elrond's face lit by flickering fire as sparks fly in.
keeping their heads still, they move around in a circle.
as she does, she moves to place her other hand casually on lester's shoulder.
as red preps a dressing, homer looks on.
he gestures charlie on and starts walking.
the agent stares at gort and walks slowly forwards.
sam looks at the dead, brown twilight, below the lowering.
he plays superbly.
laurie slowly climbs to her feet and limps toward the back door.
an upstairs window looks out over the scene.
marcus enters the room.
he swerves past the truck which pulls out on him.
gandhi struggles to turn, and mirabehn helps him.
they have passed an ice-cream wagon on the corner of the pont au double.
the mercenaries move on.
featuring the faces of six indian police constables as a torch light parade passes them.
the same office force, albeit a few years older: cousin tilly and cousin eustace.
a blinding flash fills the sky, then a vast wave of energy flattens the remaining trees.
gatsby nods to a couple of servants and follows daisy across the terrace.
the car pulls away, leaving a dispirited sydney at the roadside, his hands clasped together, as if in prayer.
the party winds down.
within a moment, the camera is on its side, filming the settling debris.
the line of dancers snake through the clapping drinking crowd
jane performs well, concentrating.
theoden looks at eowyn who stands as if turned to stone.
lee sits by the window, leaning her head in her hand, a reflective look on her face.
the fourth man is pacing around the small room, listening hard to what's being said on the other side of the door, tightly clutching his huge silver .357 magnum.
she grabs back the scarf.
jody runs to the desk, opens the top drawer and, in her enthusiasm, she pulls the drawer out of the desk, the contents of which (bills, papers, pens) spill to the floor.
outside, jack climbs a railing, then hops onto a deck where a boy wearing a cap winds a string around a top.
whip leans against his car in a parking lot and watches an airplane overhead.
they all move to cars as president ashton emerges from the elevator.
they kiss again, this time with more passion.
hermione ignores him, swiftly whistling a second stone through the window and -- conk!
tess is handing out orders of service when george and pedro arrive.
outside, trees and shrubs form a green backdrop along the track side.
butch flicks the switch back, making the room dark again.
she retreats, taking her pie with her.
facing the front of the building).
it slams against the wall inside.
smoke billows and some of the foliage is burnt.
she goes into the great hole, where tiny professor flitwick waves his wand and levitates decorations onto a tall christmas tree.
willie bursts out onto the loading dock still holding the elephant.
ryan and kara go to the sunday school room.
polly averts her gaze.
mike's mouth hangs open, and he walks off, looking shocked.
it starts to crumble.
he picks up the bin and they go for a walk through a sunny meadow bordered by trees with golden autumnal leaves.
he sits her down in one of the chairs.
brody enters the lecture hall and stands at the rear of the room.
he sees the kid has got a black eye.
debbie gives a reassuring nod.
the car screeches to a halt and george hops out, and the three convicts emerge to follow him.
he's sitting up in bed, staring ahead somberly.
draco leaves the upper corridor with the bird cage hangs, now only one bird remains in the cage.
his head lolls to one side.
then as westley walks away, buttercup watches him go.
gandalf softly puffing on his pipe.
ahead of them is a flight of steps cut into the twisted roots.
the mannequin speaks to her.
then, the lift drops downwards.
the note from helen is still pinned to the door.
but they trudge on.
willie admires the surroundings.
in slow motion as his hand goes into his pocket and pulls out the ring.
dark as hell -- looks up -- at cary climbing down into the hole -- the barn roof looming above him.
their point-of-view shows a lone barn with their car parked to one side.
he unfastens one of the ropes attached to the tarpaulin.
fergus looks at the mantelpiece and sees a picture of jody.
he begins climbing the stairs, we hear whispers and hushed voices coming from upstairs.
the three men are not your everyday commuter types.
harry moves ahead of the others.
we hold for a long beat on their regular breathing and snoring.
purvis leaves the scene, silhouetted against the flares sallow light.
gokhale is pleased, gandhi amused.
she wears a yellow headscarf.
the offices are unchanged, still small-time and old-fashioned.
on the screen, dorothy clicks her emerald heels together.
peter, his face unmasked, his eyes cold, turns up the radio.
another play is a set of pipes.
on edward as his heart falls 20 floors.
a cannon is pulled into place.
she walks to her wide open window and looks over.
he remembers her lifting her eyes to meet his, a moment frozen in time.
debbie picks up his iphone and sadly scrolls through all the happy pictures of his new family.
he climbs down from the platform and runs over to the now ruined building.
standing nearby, valjean wears a fraught serious expression.
stuart comes over.
kay shakes frank the pug, trying to force an answer.
freddy opens the side door.
there is the bump and new steady of the car on the bridge.
she is ebullient which, if life allowed, would be her natural state.
meanwhile, mr. darcy is back out, searching the darkened streets, clutching a piece of paper in his hand.
eight heads of state remain.
lights come on in the hall.
she is suddenly wary.
present day, back in the police station, srinivas inserts a vhs into a player.
with determination, umbridge raises her wand.
elegant, slim ms. elaine stein is still on the phone.
later, she's out taking a walk in the park, wearing an apricot day dress with matching overdress and bonnet.
he pushes himself back and forth along a porch in his wheelchair.
the light on it flashes.
we begin with head close-up of birdie as he rocks, and pull back he is rocking; and drunk.
a large baronial room decorated with ancient tapestries and suits of armor.
charlie tumbles back to the ground behind the counter.
harry piles up his books and tidies his notes.
frodo pulls the ring close to his body as he turns to sam.
he strides at a breathtaking pace.
they are clear of the town.
now, outside church, mrs. bennet is in deep conversation with a neighbor.
just then on the ground beside her hermione notices a jagged star-shaped stone.
he taps the glass on the bar.
dressed in black, her hands knitted together at her waist.
the dude takes a hurried sip from his drink.
mr. mccleery turns away and walks down the hall and starts down the stairs.
he reaches behind the counter and grabs a ring of keys.
carl frowns, perplexed.
hi looks around, reaches and pulls ed down beneath him just as: ka-boom!
she dries her hands as hannah, her arms laden with vegetables, strides over to her sister.
a customer complains to carl.
he is looking out of the window tensely, as the camera moves in, until he is in big profile.
aunt may smacks octavius on the head with her brolly.
in a courtroom, piquett sits at a counsel bench.
he counts the black discs on the steel bar.
she looks around her uncertainly,
mrs. gateau looks across at her husband.
don looks off toward the table.
buttercup, treading water.
in jameson's office, he stands very close to betty.
mj comes out through the stage door.
he tries to ignore her halting gait.
he meets her gaze.
the men slowly bow and the dance begins.
nigel has given andy black stilettos.
inches from defeat, inigo is, in fact, all smiles.
jenny stops playing ball with some children and harries over.
mary once more tries to take the phone from him.
karen watches as martin stares at chili, his expression gradually becoming deadpan, sleepy.
graham pulls her towards him.
a car races up the hill and comes to a halt.
quintana looks at walter.
thirst in his eyes, he looks away from the stage, tries to concentrate on the ceiling of the metropolitan.
the drum of one starts spinning.
everett, pete, tommy and delmar, bearing the confederate flag, are retreating across the neutral ground separating the mob of klansmen from the burning cross.
the middle-aged man wanders down the sandy beach carrying a briefcase towards brian.
she storms out.
the shape and the station wagon are gone.
as he crosses the threshold he becomes aware of don's presence.
the coast clear, they slip out of the trees.
both women set off, willa to river, icey towards group.
a black officer strolls over and taps on nick's window.
peter looks down at his plants.
at the top of a lane is an open six-bar gate.
bond casually tosses the keys on a sofa and strides through the spacious, modern furnishings eyed by fields.
terrifying as the foursome sprint in the opposite direction!
rose points to the flooded stairway.
she hears bob enter the room but doesn't look up.
arthur pulls ginny back.
he heads upstairs and makes his way to a seat on the other side of the structure.
she gives a slow deliberate nod.
they begin to tear at her clothes.
thurmond looks down sadly, and willie relents.
both women quickly gather plates.
salim is in front and manages to grab hold of the last carriage of the train.
he stops and glances around.
neff has just come out of keyes' office.
at the graveside, benjamin turns to mrs.
the top button of her blouse pings across the room and hits the clock.
his friend knocks back the wine.
harry sees a street with a large building straight ahead.
he keeps his eyes closed for a moment more then slowly opens them.
he opens the breech and loads a magazine into it, then cocks it.
merrill recoils, cupping a hand to his face in shock as he backs away from the tv.
he lunges again with the knife.
suddenly, this edward thrusts both hands into the water, grabbing hold of.
the policeman blows his whistle as he gives chase.
the two cakes float into the air.
fergus looks down to dil.
as we have left it, empty save for nat and don.
as hagrid carries malfoy away, the hippogriff gently nudges harry.
as play gets underway, the leeds players, in their away kit of blue shirts and yellow shorts pass the ball wide.
he indicates the three stars that make up the belt.
inside the pub, various groups of friends, families, and work colleagues have gathered together for a festive drink and to exchange presents.
she steps back next to vogel.
andy does so.
jacob shakes his head and shrugs his shoulders.
valjean pulls down a rope dangling from the side of a building.
he seats up and looks around.
hoover faces the press.
indy's speedboat just manages to squeeze through the gap.
he locks his bags in a locker.
his lips stop moving.
among them, billie grins, dillinger beside her.
the radiomen appear in the fireplace on the other side -- but there is no sign of indy and henry.
the headlights of the ss vehicle are switched on and the ss men are forcing their prisoners to stand in the beam.
she starts toward him.
she turns and walks back towards the door.
his own follows behind it, piloted by one of his men.
a man walks towards the camera through the pools of beach light.
mr. robinson reaches for ben's glass.
guests play a game of mock quidditch.
he takes an envelope from his pocket and lays it on the table.
nathan realizes that he's gotten ink from his fingerprinting all over the coat.
she turns the wheelchair slightly to her left so that he can see the newlyweds' apartment.
gandhi wets his lips nervously.
ilsa's manner is friendly and reserved, her voice low and soft.
at one table, facing the lockers, is a young woman, sarah: a book is open before her, and a cup of coffee, and an ashtray filled with cigarette butts.
marcus gets changed out of his elf gear while willie, in contemplative mood, sits on a bench and sucks on a bottle of gut rot.
bleeker's solidly built double-chinned mother closes the door of his bedroom.
above, fleet holds onto the rim of the crow's nest, while lee sits on the floor.
walker turns back to the two opposing groups at the salt works entrance.
willie lies in the tub, also motionless, a wet washcloth over his face, fingers of one hand resting against a tumbler filled with ice and amber liquid that sits on the edge of the tub.
she slaps him across the arm.
a pixie grabs his wand.
lightoller puts her in the boat.
he furiously kicks the coat.
peter moves away.
thandie smiles flirtatiously.
there is also a light on in norman's office.
george puts the telegram down.
she starts to take off her wet clothes by the bed.
others look at the screen.
ricky turns, startled.
other lawmen observe from a side table.
the wolf continues his examination.
cole's face turns cement grey.
jacob is in a wine shop.
their plan book shows david and elise's pathway has united and intermittent red dots flash in a column.
he looks surprised to find some of his neighbors laying gifts of food and flowers on his front steps.
hermione points her wand.
bob leads the way up through a skylight.
as harry rights himself, he notices the headline of stan's daily prophet: escape from azkaban!
gladys slows to a halt at his feet.
graham stops just short of the dog and looks out into the darkened field.
kate peers back up the hallway at zoe, who's standing in her bedroom doorway clutching her cuddly kangaroo.
he nods politely toward the british police officer at the end of the police line.
holmes drinks from a proffered bottle as watson gets up.
he looks up at harry.
brian addresses the press assembled in the tunnel of juve's comunale stadium.
angrily, she throws down her knife, fork, and napkin.
and morgan gives him the receiver.
quince comes running up now.
nehru thinks on it solemnly, then nods yes.
slowly he rises from the chair and turns to the doorway.
a lone student flies over the quidditch stadium.
he leans towards latika.
bellatrix sticks her wand in hermione's arm.
his wallet is tossed onto the desk.
in close shot we see other british soldiers watching on the perimeter of the crowd and they are now made even more wary by the enthusiasm of this greeting.
rachel looks up.
she walks away towards icey and the women.
as dillinger lies dying, his lips move.
he jumps down onto a balcony, leaps onto another, and holds himself up on the metal railings.
her brow furrowed and her face gaunt, daisy watches as caroline wanders out into the corridor.
they climb the porch and notice that the front door is ajar.
cousin eustace, cousin tilly and uncle billy cheer wildly.
looking slightly disheveled, tom walks up behind him.
the wooden shelves collapse behind them, sending a cascade of glass spheres crashing down.
he opens his eyes, still in a half-stupor, stares straight before him.
he sits down next to him.
he holds out the empty glass to nat, his eyes imploring.
music and head credits play over various bowling shots--pins flying, etc.
graham and his family stare fixedly out at the young man, who shuts his car door and glances over at the restaurant.
one steward shines his flashlight in the car's steamed-up windows.
then,he obliges.
she drops her keys into a bowl on top of a cabinet and places some mail down beside it.
nick is at work.
one of the volunteers gets away, followed by the commander who is armed with an automatic pistol.
sir william goes to speak to him, but then thinks better of it.
amazingly, spider-man still has a battle on his hand.
hermione is on her knees by a shivering ron.
in the group is captain louis renault, a french officer appointed by vichy as prefect of police in casablanca.
the dude stands, frozen.
watches in a daze as the church folks stand and take in the scene from a distance, then, slowly approach.
holden, banky, alyssa and hooper sit around a table drinking, talking, and smoking.
seeing the cat, they stare suspiciously at harry, ron, and hermione.
he raises his hand to the height nahari has indicated as his son's.
john brushes his teeth.
eddie abruptly tosses his cue case away.
he waves to ginny, ron, and hermione.
they look out across the sleeping city to the looming mountain range beyond.
peter's on his way to look down the passage way between the houses.
overwhelmed, he stretches out and shakes as many hands as he could reach.
the three then play pick-up sticks with bread sticks.
he crawls on the bed next to juno, wrapping his arm across her chest, cupping her hand in his.
she stops a waitress on the way upstairs and exchanges her glass for a new one.
jane appears behind him.
sarah looks up the hill at rambo.
the statues in the nativity stable scene are smashed, which gets in the way.
when he looks up, cole is gone.
with a gentle guiding hand at her back and a good-natured smile, he walks her towards the house.
morgan, sitting between graham's legs, his head pushed back into his father's chest.
they are dressed like spanish dons on horseback.
cedric gives harry a knowing smile and goes.
the solemn intensity of her gaze reflects her identification with the man's agony.
he puts away the lighter fluid in a desk drawer, smells the hankie, passes on it, then sticks it in his pocket.
she stops angrily on the middle of the road.
marius helps him pick eponine up and carry her away.
as he looks over at the dog, verdell trots over and, without realizing it, melvin smiles at him to frank's surprise.
the corners of his mouth down turned.
harry dons his newsboy cap and leaves.
hovering high above the pitch, harry is following the game anxiously.
his mother kisses the child's hand.
norman hangs up.
without missing a beat, elliot picks up one of the glasses of champagne and hands it to lee.
she comes closer.
harry reaches inside his shirt.
marley leaps up.
we see a violent scene.
jenny watches her parents doing the washing up.
gatsby moves his hand towards daisy's on the white tablecloth.
john picks up a pillow and dumps it on the dog's head.
his face still deadly neutral, the agent looks back down at the file and unfolds the accordioned rap sheet, revealing it to be a couple feet long.
graham spins and aims the flashlight at the crops to his right.
merrill's eyes widened in alarm.
he looks back through the viewer.
hundreds of planes, flying overhead, with parachutes dropping from them.
alyssa dashes off signatures in the copies of her comic.
the eight beams cause the sphere to glow and spin faster.
beth and katie walk off.
they all stare at him, startled by his words and the fervor with which he speaks to them.
his two children turn around and see their father staring at the floor.
mj turns and walks slowly away.
his tone is not altogether patient.
at the office, wilson is looking at an asian web page.
his shoulders are massive.
he stops before moving into the hallway.
as she goes, we see, coming up the street toward the lot, the same patrolman.
valjean comes running into cosette's room.
in it, holmes looks through a grill into the next carriage and sees the soldiers readying their guns.
charlie adds his money to the pile.
personnel hurry to help.
her father sips his juice.
we see the ad.
he holds it out between them.
jack is stunned.
zed stands up.
sitting at the kitchen table, edward takes a second slice of apple pie.
jenny climbs over a second-floor railing and enters the house.
bubba's mother named mrs. blue and her other children look at forrest.
he rams them again.
jody continues talking to trudi, leaving vincent to ponder the truth of her statement.
the footage cuts to governor wallace as he speaks to general graham.
a guilty mccullough looks awkward.
the dashboard is covered in some sort of thin foam padding.
finally, he sets his top hat down on an occasional table and sit downs in the armchair next to it.
ferris hangs up and looks down.
he has heard the voice and starts to move out of close shot.
harry leaves the study.
jack steps to the railing and gazes down at a couple descending the ship's grand staircase.
lupin is gone.
a youngish looking bilbo baggins peers down at what lies in his hand, perplexed by what he has found.
people pass by as mickey walks back and forth from the curb to holly, growing angrier and angrier.
as grandma in the back hears it.
he shakes his head.
a hand reaches and grabs him.
he looks back.
the girls daydream and look bored.
he squeezes his eyes shut, clutching at his shirt as if it's on fire.
then gives a stony nod.
he dries the ring with a napkin.
the kid leaves, hooper slips back into his real voice.
he goes up and tries to yank the hand, which the hysterical kid yanks away.
she comes to a pond.
elliot angrily throws his napkin on the table.
then another page - the title page - written in mozart's hand.
renault hands some forms to the orderly, who then exits, and the conversation continues.
she gives a sickly smile.
evan is terrified.
gothmog glances up at a whistling sound -- a huge boulder hurtles towards him.
joe looks over at the other guests, then picks up his uten- sils gingerly, strives to copy the others, stops, staring at his food.
the boys clamor down from the vehicle and run off the road to cover.
aibileen steps to one side to let a white lady pass.
he can't help smiling at the idea which flashes into his mind.
he rolls down the stairs in his web cocoon.
pete picks the soaking wet cupcake out of the sink and takes a bite.
the truck driver runs to them.
he looks around, tossing an apple.
dobby has a bundle of letters.
in the light from the main house, annie sees the light switch.
voldemort opens his eyes and glares at the gaunt-faced death eater.
a glimmer of a smile crosses jeep's face.
watson drinks his brandy, holmes his formaldehyde.
pippin covers merry with a blanket.
his eyelids flutter, nonplused, edgy and fearful.
he shoves brian to his hulking accomplice, who still restrains cahoon.
the redhead leaves the kitchen.
suddenly the witch-king swoops down on his nazgul scooping up theoden and his horse.
rose turns around.
it can be seen that one of them has hooked something.
resting his cheek on his right hand, john doesn't look at her and examines his other hand, distractedly.
itzak bends to kiss tuvia's hand.
leaving the hippogriff in a clearing, they run out of the trees until they see the whomping willow in the distance, flailing its branches.
forrest takes a bottle of dr. pepper from the buffet table.
stella goes up to the door.
ginny watches her eyes wide with amazement.
mr. gardiner goes over to the door and opens it.
he picks up a brick from the rubble.
ron and hagrid look alarmed.
ben sits at the table, eating his breakfast and looking at the back of a cereal box.
parrish is possessed.
she grabs and slaps his face.
both scoop up the weapons.
the creature turns to face merrill.
at her home, rebecca's smiling dad magics a coin from behind her ear and puts it into her outstretched hand.
he takes gandhi's notes from him, and faces the crowd.
he then struggles to his feet.
they all make it successfully to the other side of the field and slump on the bank.
cosette hurries down the garden to the gate, and goes to put the folded letter in the grill where her and marius' hands entwined.
he rips off his fake eyepiece which falls on the floor, we see that he's transformed into barty crouch junior.
harry and ron are sitting by themselves at the end of one of the tables.
they swoop between the tall towers past one or two lighted windows.
diana finishes off a large bottle of champagne.
in a bar on a plane, he looks at a picture of the dead vespa and picks up a necklace from the bar.
she wipes her nose.
the dragon belches flame as they enter the vault and close the door.
leeds players foul and head-butt their counterparts.
lights are turned off on the tug, and vic makes the sign of the cross.
walt hangs up.
buttercup leaps to the bed, covering him with kisses.
maguire's car pulls up rapidly and she gets inside.
he bends down, and dips his fingers into a small pool of silvery liquid.
he shifts his eyes.
parrish ignores her at first, finally he looks at luisa then at the young man, then once more at both of them as if to verify the young man's presence has been acknowledged by luisa.
the drawer is opened.
covered with sweat.
he looks up at the clock.
a picnic spread is laid out.
she kicks open her door and begins pulling him out.
he stops and drops a quarter in the slot.
the group sits down at the table.
on violet's back as she goes.
elvis sits back down.
morgan turns on a torch and stares down into its bright beam before looking around and pointing it at the door.
maple, who sits motionless in a chair, her head resting against the seat back, her eyes dull, her mouth slightly open.
carl stamps the form with an approved stamp.
she closes the door and looks at nick through the window.
connie, her long, dark hair tied back, considers.
evan raises the tire thumper for a final attack and swings down off camera.
kurt spins around.
the dark water boils as the hideous beast lashes out at the fellowship!
fabrizio slices through the rope with his pocket knife, partially freeing the boat, but causing it to tip onto its side.
he takes a running jump and a photographer snaps him mid- flight.
avoiding the jagged pieces of broken mirror, harry slides through into a brick chamber.
purvis closes his door most of the way but leaves it cracked open.
he stops and addresses rick politely.
smiling, clayton strolls up to him.
dave is rising.
he shoves the big lebowski forward and he crumples to the floor, weeping.
mr. darcy continues looking out of the window as lizzie glares at her mother with embarrassment.
the doctor gone, mother and daughter arguing.
she leads mike away.
vincent and jules walk through the reception area and wait for the elevator.
pete speeds down the middle of a street, slowing down traffic.
the man inside the house uses all his strength to keep the door from opening.
the room suddenly looks like a tribunal.
the shape picks up the receiver and puts it to his ear.
his pov, on video: through the kitchen window, we see lester at the sink, rinsing off his plate, muttering to himself.
adam starts off.
merrill wheels morgan on, mouthing silent words of earnest prayer.
she turns to the elf.
it collapses, smashing through the roof of the building where holmes and moriarty are.
mr. mccleery takes a couple more steps and stops again.
next morning, as the track team run past his house, bleeker comes out of the front door.
bren and mac are predictably speechless.
her hand tries the door.
lizzie wanders alone, taking in the sumptuous view.
the missing portion of the rubbing is completed by the shield.
benjamin hangs a picture and makes popcorn.
hilly's look of horror is followed by a patronizing smile.
sasha struggles with the controls to keep the aircraft level
cal brushes past a man and walks into the survivors.
bare feet tread soundlessly across the lawn.
latika dashes back in the direction of the abandoned car.
martin and alice are on the hillside overlooking the crash site.
ferris goes up to the counter of a cafe and chooses a pastry.
he unveils a huge, embossed, brass, wall-mounted clock.
the car comes to a stop under a bridge.
she comforts him.
we arrive at the prone miners.
mozart, dandified in a new coat and a plumed hat for the occasion, has arrived to teach at the house of a prosperous merchant, michael schlumberg.
she slaps janne's face.
nick's open-mouthed as two security guards run out of the building.
the man thrusts the photo into the light from the projector.
in a cafe, javert steals a rosette and pins it to his dark jacket.
michael finds a rock in the sand.
charles enters the study while the queen sits on the sofa.
the skeleton of the truck is still there, but there's a huge, smoldering hole in it, a hole that goes at least ten feet down into the ground.
harry follows it cautiously and watches it as it gradually slips away and finally disappears altogether.
as hi pulls the carton in and slams his door shut.
harry and the others, grabbed helplessly outside.
a host sits them.
benek replaces a plank and they are hidden from view.
spider-man stands over norman osborn as harry walks into the room.
it skids to a stop at the base of the alarm box, too short to reach the controls.
the beast belches flame.
he looks around the beach at the other owners with their dogs on leashes.
sam looks past frodo smiling.
nick goes to look out of the window.
she lays down her head and closes her eyes.
inside, the tour of pemberley continues.
she joins them, latching on to dante's arm, lovingly.
and starts to run after her.
marius is shot.
gavroche and the urchins are in the elephant.
just stunned.
tight on quasimodo; a plastic, painted aurora model.
she turns and runs back down the street.
she stifles a smile.
the gendarme opens the door for adam and escorts him out.
backstage charlie and other aides applaud.
and as he vaults onto his horse and the all charge off.
as he wheels to look at another booth.
he smiles and reaches for his wallet.
george looks around, but his car is nowhere to be seen, and the tree is undamaged.
a crowd of people is streaming into the building.
the goons recover their leering grins and resume their happy task.
ben watches emily go, then turns away pensively.
the dude, frowning, untucks its flap, takes out some cotton wadding and unrolls it.
a doctor stands over an aged resident.
we see through the window.
we see angela standing at the window in her underwear, looking down at us.
norma leans over the piano; hannah looks off into the distance, deep in reflection.
brian pulls his suit jacket on as he and peter follow jimmy out of the wood-paneled office.
a letter shoots down the chimney and flies past his nose.
buckbeak refuses to move.
hi looks behind him at the plate-glass front of the store, where a bullet pock mars the glass.
death eaters advance.
he falls flat on his face.
he is lying in one of the boats, his arms across his chest.his broken horn at his side.
she wins.
she looks at him quizzically.
she smiles wanly, joe leaves her.
they erupt causing a diversion.
he strikes latika.
debbie returns, dressed.
and puts her head against her hands.
a dart hits the board then, one hits the wall beside the board.
she comments on it to the songwriter, who starts from the beginning again, playing it more fully.
thelma pulls off to the side of the road.
harry puts down the cake and looks at the giant curiously.
debbie gets out and runs to pete.
later, sandy awakens and looks at the clock.
he turns for.
drew gets the message, at the same time joe is checking out all the attendees, his eyes come to rest on drew.
stuart watches, worried, as abby rises from underneath the table, clutching her head and looking around frantically, trying to figure out who has the remote.
george stands there overcome and speechless as he holds zuzu.
the queen descends some stairs and prince philip emerges from a room nearby.
he starts toward them, falters, straightens himself.
sandy unbuckles his seatbelt and slowly emerges from the car.
finally, he walks around to the back of elijah's chair, takes the handles, and starts to wheel it down the aisle, maneuvering carefully between the heavily stacked shelves and displays.
he stops in the doorway of an office and takes off his baseball cap.
each one comes forward with money.
he walks into the lounge.
a gypsy shoots a guard just before a mortar shell goes off beside holmes.
night, benjamin determinedly makes his way down a sidewalk.
her guitar is slung over her shoulder in a gig bag.
two shotgun-wielding goons fall in behind the four men and push them forward.
he notes the license plate number.
with crazed eyes, haley jumps out of a cab, and dashes to join a queue of women standing outside the church building where the sale is taking place.
fats looks up at eddie.
he gets to his feet and approaches harry.
the men turn and gaze past the ship.
calling out.
umbridge wears the locket around her neck.
the soldiers raise their rifles and an officer cocks his pistol.
peter turns away rebuffed and leaves by the balcony.
merrill finishes hammering.
in the beams of cold silver light from lamps high above in the ceiling, people scurry across the concourse.
he watches her expectantly.
rose steps into the office.
diana closes her eyes and places both hands on the wheel.
she gives an incredulous look.
she glances around.
drover watches him go, followed by his dog.
elise sits on the top platform, her feet resting on a bench below it.
at a loud whoop carl starts and looks back out the rear window.
kay lets go of frank, turns to jay, who is lost in thought.
jules stops vincent.
they look up at the light from the cottage window.
keeping her pace, anna holds a dour expression.
eowyn looks at her uncle, as theoden follows her gaze.
he kneels down and places the golden cup on the ground between them.
she stops and looks at a door which is slightly ajar.
snape enters the classroom and closes the shutters with his wand.
javier walks passed curly-haired marie and pony-tailed anna.
the colonel watches, at first baffled, then impatient.
he stands by an open dressing room, where ron, an actor, slouches, dazed, in a chair facing a makeup mirror.
the suited man scribbles in his notebook.
she opens it and her expression changes to dismay.
sitting in the front seat of their idling car, looking at the bank.
he rummages through the utensil drawer and pulls out a large butcher knife and grabs it.
apte and karkare move to different sides of godse, staying a little behind, their movements sly and wary, aware of people watching.
his trench coat falls to the floor and here in the fluorescent light, we get a better look at him.
she takes his hand and places it on her tummy with her hands clasping his.
he uses his left to steady it.
he still doesn't rouse.
nizar unzips his coat, takes out a computer disk and offers it to ferris.
back at home, joe is awakened in the middle of the night by a knocking at his window.
at the bureau, harry reads the same in his plan book.
ezra rises and bows, then gestures to the choir again.
peter rides his small moped.
its lights flick off.
cormac throws up at his feet.
as thompson stumbles back, two men in the waiting room rise, their eyes on david.
he lies down on a modest twin bed.
skeeter shakes her head.
she speaks into the phone, but we can't hear her.
mr. and mrs. braddock are there.
the two henchmen fit the noose over pete's neck.
seated on a chair is a middle-aged man with a brief case.
minnie, carrying her handbag, strides out of the front door, into the pouring rain.
estevez rushes in to restrain michael, grabbing his wrist, fingers tightening.
debbie and pete roll their eyes.
the three of them looking down.
they kiss, then hug.
mickey stands in a telephone booth on a corner near dr. abel's office; he talks on the phone.
jenny indicates that she's not.
they still hesitate.
miss torso, in ballet costume, practicing her dance on the outside balcony.
peter stands to kiss lucy.
the lights go out, plunging the place into darkness.
the operator pulls the lever up.
voldemort slowly turns his head.
harry comes in wearing a smart black robe and a white bow tie.
gandalf raises his arms.
daisy sits on the stage and kicks her legs.
his eyes are staring, and his face tight.
rockets explode in the jungle as forrest runs out toward a clearing.
he stands on a platform with arrows to the right, left, back and front.
mary and george appear at the top of the stairs in traveling clothes, with mrs. hatch, red-eyed, behind them.
marius takes a bullet, and crumples and falls.
the windows explode, showering audrey with tiny shards of glass.
he enters.
the younger man, asael, drops his head.
on the street, javier checks his watch.
the shadow of a figure climbing stairs is cast on a wall.
ron watches her with puppy dog eyes.
as george finishes talking, he jumps up out of his chair.
long and slender celia puts on her stilettos in the hall.
lift doors slide open.
we follow her unsteady, doll-like descent.
forrest looks down as he sobs.
jamal appears covered from head to toe in excrement.
then goes.
theoden acknowledges grimbold, a marshall of rohan, as he passes by a group of soldiers.
the turkish soldiers wear native dress and carry both carbines and sabers.
on the table, stands the huge meringue gateau decorated with green and mauve whipped cream and red cherries.
they stop dancing.
she looks pleasantly surprised.
a black sedan pulls into an empty car park in the early morning light.
she opens the bedroom window.
indy throws some dirt on the bridge and he crosses it like the first crusader from the painting over henry's desk.
they exchange a smile and leave grandma to slumber on.
through the heat ripples rising off the pavement two mirage- like figures cross the infinite asphalt of the saguaro square mall parking lot -- willie and marcus in santa and elf regalia, sweating and panting in the heat.
he grabs for george, who lets him have one square on the button, knocking him down, then continues running down the street yelling for clarence.
don throws all his weight against the door but it is no use.
it is tense.
the crew watches rose as she shuffles to a video monitor displaying footage of the titanic wreck.
he's lying on the ground.
ryan looks tearful.
he is vaguely handing a large leather folder across the desk to whomever wants to take it.
again the creature grabs frodo and pulls him to the lake, frodo is flung in the air as the fellowship battle the creature.
indy finally breaks free.
george looks around and sees them staring at him as if he were some unknown wild animal.
rose reaches over jack's shoulders, then pulls him into the passenger compartment.
the agent gets to his feet, hat in hand, and faces one of the room's two doors.
he lands on a building nearby.
as debbie approaches jodi, pete smiles at stunning desi, who works on a ladder.
the furniture beneath him begins to rotate in the current and, to keep his head above water, tommy climbs in place like a hamster on a wheel.
an alarm sounds; she reaches to turn it off.
debbie stares at him as she takes a deep breath and rolls her shoulders.
the old man takes his nephew's right hand in his.
maguire, running toward him, gun in hand.
one of the soldiers raises his rifle.
they see a baby thestral.
lydia and kitty poke their heads out of the window excitedly to get a better look at the grand red brick facade of netherfield hall.
a merman prepares to attack.
as she walks in the living room, she sees vincent and lance standing over mia, who's lying on the floor in the middle of the room.
the door slams shut.
he reaches through a fire rimmed broken car window and unlocks the door.
jackson pulls up on the driveway outside yuri's palatial mansion in bel air.
he cups his hand against her cheek, leans closer and kisses her passionately on the lips.
cal stares at her and opens his mouth, as if to speak, then slaps her face.
people are gathering with shocked and anguished expressions on their faces.
the door slams shut!
he looks hopefully up at klaatu.
gandhi stands, a little uncertain about the sudden change in his status.
donny has been watching quintana.
the door is open.
it is late at night; the nursery is dark and empty.
another stone hangs from it in the shape of a tear.
he knocks on a door.
picking up a pair of bicycle handlebars in his colossal fist.
he is bald with a short fringe and a mustache.
a white pawn moves itself forward.
as he passes, edward shakes some hands, pats some people on the cheek, and gives others a good poke in the ribs.
salieri stands shocked from his inadvertent eavesdropping.
julian slams chuck's head against the desk.
she gets into the driver's seat and sits looking stunned.
the man turns to nick, smiling.
they march on, singing lustily.
eddie stands and screws together his inlaid, ivory-pointed cue as fats dries his hands.
an outside broadcast truck is parked among the usual crowd, grown even larger now, and more women among them.
redding stretches, leaning against the sign.
he steps up to the walk-through metal detector, holds up his boarding pass and walks through.
pale-faced severus looks at her, doe-eyed.
suddenly the kid is moved to yank willie's beard.
asael pulls an injured woman, layla, to safety.
she goes to the door, opens it an inch or two cautiously.
he runs down the second lane he comes to toward the front of the store.
charlie crawls up from the floor.
a mini-van taxi ignores him.
lester pulls on his t-shirt, and both he and ricky cross out of view.
nehru, patel and azad are on the same side of the room as gandhi.
across a small dark reception room a pair of frosted glass doors are lettered: pacific all-risk insurance company - founded 1906 - main office.
elliot takes a last drag on his cigarette.
she looks at the driver.
a hand lays an envelope full of money on the table in front of butch.
draco stares at harry, then gets to his feet and looks down at him ominously.
lovejoy runs down a staircase as jack and rose scramble from the bottom of a different staircase.
benjamin opens the door of thomas's room and goes inside.
gandhi is moving forward in the crowd, one hand resting on manu, the other on abha.
11 months later, now on a sunny farm, david walks a green pasture.
david leaves the elegant function room.
she takes a wet cloth off her forehead.
a few paces in silence; now they come to the big window of spoon's ice cream parlor.
lindsey and tommy cuddle up with her, one on either side.
mr. robinson is putting elaine's luggage into the car.
on ed as she stares vacantly out the passenger window.
he draws the bow-string.
seemingly oblivious to the fact that it's a thirty-foot drop, he hurdles the guard rail, and drops to forty-first street below.
ron turns to harry.
automatically he switches on the light in the corridor.
the cab drives away as forrest is asleep in his bed.
anna falls back into deep sleep, her arm slides down.
maman reaches latika and scoops her up.
shot of sheriffs talking.
inside the fireplace, still tied back-to-back.
rose drapes one arm along the back of the settee.
the anchorman is standing in front of the ruined pier and boats.
two buildings are up ahead.
lightning flashes.
she pulls a clipboard toward her.
in the girls' lavatory, all the taps are running.
at night, ron lies awake.
latika wearing rubber gloves picks up a fist full of chillies.
bernie and claire walk away.
a police car pulls up behind him.
in the foreground is the head of the state trooper, facing us.
dumbledore runs his finger across the slashed canvas as filch looks around, suspiciously.
he turns to see that mountbatten has been standing in the open door to the conference room, as torn as gandhi by the conflict, feeling it best controlled in formal discussion.
verdell looks at simon with concern.
it bows its birdlike head.
walter is carrying a bright red coffee can with a blue plastic lid.
they disappear from sight as he lays them on the newspaper and proceeds to wrap them up.
joe clasps the locket tightly in his left hand.
valjean throws him a sharp glance.
as the gypsies walk the horses along a narrow track, one of them rears up.
he wanders off, leaving merrill alone with morgan and bo.
marcus reaches into jewelry cases and removes a few particular items.
the cop's truck continues down the long, straight, dusty truck, into the vast scrub lands of faraway downs.
he pushes past her into the house.
as harry follows lupin, the portraits glare at snape.
she brushes rain from her hair once more.
voldemort frowns, eyes staring.
he goes to check it out.
sophie's reflection appears like a mirage on the water and he rolls over to look up.
a wire basket has been placed on supports over the fire.
latika realizes she's left salim's phone in the car.
hugh jumps back, and charlie raises his hands.
two children playing with a skipping rope are oblivious as peter lounges himself into the air way above their heads.
helen hands danny a drink and flashes jenny a re-assuring smile.
an old guy lets out a short breath.
hearing something, she stands up.
denethor gaze turns slowly on gandalf.
a taxi driver honks his horn as forrest wheels lt. dan out in front of the taxi.
a shadowing figure stands by a chimney pot on the barn roof.
pawing at lenny's chest he must have hooked his finger through its ring.
at night in the hotel, benjamin comes downstairs into the lobby and finds elizabeth wearing an evening dress.
brian smirks wryly as he locks looks with don, who looks away imperiously.
thorwald is standing at the window with his drink in his hand.
holly continues her ruminations as april leans over to say something to david.
ben is whistling happily as he runs up the stairs two at a time.
now, the school's outdoor walkways bustle with kids around sadie's age.
in the extreme foreground sits the first carton of huggies that hi dropped in the middle of the road.
harry sees ominous cloaked figures with skeleton masks and tall pointed hats, carrying flaming torches.
miranda's in a meeting with her senior members of staff, including nigel.
he puts the phone to his ear.
rick walks up behind ilsa.
he and tuvia take up gun positions behind a bunker.
suspended around him are scores of tins of dapper dan pomade.
joe nods as jack forces a smile and closes the bathroom door.
randal flips open the magazine's centerfold-a graphic picture of a woman with her vaginal lips and anus spread wide open.
a moment later, reggie comes cautiously from the hotel.
removing one, she rubs her forehead.
fergus stands like a shadow in the doorway.
a student, cormac, confronts the death eaters as they walk through the carriages.
susan holds herself very still.
caroline wears a harrowed expression.
as she takes a step toward the table -- flower petals shower down on her.
he gazes curiously at a gold wedding band laying on the wood floor.
he opens the bottle, turns it upside down and lets the whiskey run out.
he reappears out of the mist once again astride, his broomstick.
he sits motionless.
peter's eyes are bright.
a gust of wind picks the feather up.
the other woman hugs the man, and they cozy up together.
he is a pale grey-haired man who looks, on first examination, older than his forty-odd years.
she takes the chopsticks off the door and walks inside.
the children shake containers at people begging for money or food.
caroline sits down with the diary and reads.
the bed is four poster, but uncanoped; the dressing table is fancy and flounced with satin; there is a great chiffonier, a big-doored wardrobe, a large, oval, full- length pier-glass (this against the wall directly opposite the door), a satin recamier, an upholstered armchair by the window, a white marble fireplace, its grate cold but piled with ashes.
she turns her teary eyes back to the tv.
the first four of the song-writer's guests come through the door, admitted by the song-writer's girl friend.
even more weights have been clamped to the bar this time.
watching them, nick has a grave, serious expression.
the empty newspaper rack with the heading asbury park press seems out of place among all the other stacks of papers.
a skylight, somewhat obscured by dirt and dust, lights the fourth floor back.
in the backseat, the hulking escapee's chest heaves as he stares fixedly at the red light.
at last he rises, and the noise and applause increase to something like chaos.
he's washing his face and hair in a water barrel.
murdoch stands at attention and salutes, then holds the gun to his own head.
she goes to the boot of her car.
a black cat suddenly jumps into it and starts pawing around.
lucius trembles as voldemort points the wand at the floating woman.
the captain of the guards rallies his troops and sends them through the breach in the perimeter wall to chase the fugitives down.
sim hands the drawings to the gypsy man who passes them to holmes.
the gang of children run out into the busy street.
he looks up as the streetlight above his head flickers and goes out.
except that gideon has no strings to cut -- only a throat.
outside the church, two young girls hold up an arch of green foliage and berries for mr. bingley and jane to walk under.
he looks around as if to make sure they are not being overheard.
maguire looks hard at him.
the guests rush over to the adjacent balcony to watch.
we see guitars mounted on the wall, and the edges of posters.
close on on various supermarket tabloids as a hand flips through them.
emily gets in.
joe stares, amazed at her.
they see draco malfoy with his wife, astoria, and son, scorpius.
he kisses her soft white skin and they lie in each other's arms.
the rough hand-held camera rushes in behind them as the two men give the room a two-handed sweep with their guns.
the place is now packed to suffocation.
mr. loomis turns and goes into the dining room.
the car is screaming down the road.
tony is still gazing out of the window.
they open the crate, which contains a replica of leonardo da vinci's mona lisa.
holding a dust pan and broom, john stares at the pup.
truth be told, edward is scared, but he forges ahead anyway.
the three elven boats carry the fellowship steadily southward.
bewildered, he looks about, then asks a mechanic passing by, his voice raised over the din of the shop.
pulling up on a curb barely missing a fire hydrant.
the three arriving men pause, taking in their surroundings.
quickly other students join in and the snipers are driven back.
marcus looks wildly around.
dillinger closes the sedan's door and sits back in his seat next to the sandy haired pete.
klaatu walks into the grubby men's room.
edward wrestles with the beast, its mouth snapping at his throat.
sitting along in the shadows of a stationary tonga a little distance down the street an elderly man (prakash) with a short, close-cropped beard and the taut, sunken flesh of a cadaver is watching.
the cafe is in semi-darkness.
a press photographer snaps photos as the players approach.
carl leans down to hoist up the body.
jude and maguire are in the car, parked across the street.
he, stops as he notice her attitude.
elizabeth's husband, raleigh, sees skeeter sitting with aibileen.
claire and the triplets are right behind him.
hoffman is in the surveillance room, viewing ferris from above.
and trudges towards the car.
while they are locked in an embrace they hear the dull boom of cannons.
she waits for his answer.
he enters the room, awkwardly, toying with the rim of his hat.
joe spins around as jack arrives, grabs his camera from charles and saying firmly, to joe.
gwen looks up and realizes it's peter playing the piano.
spider-man vaults into the air, across the bridge, and lands back on the roof of the truck.
kate and paula go into a small glass-fronted room filled with well-stocked, floor-to-ceiling wine racks.
he gazes blankly at the brownstones.
watson closes the exterior door and sees holmes is lying down.
under his other arm are several more copies of the paper.
from here on in, everything in this scene is frantic, like a documentary in an emergency ward, with the big difference here being nobody knows what the fuck they're doing.
noah stares up at the anchors dangling from a gigantic ship's hull.
he choir and members are singing.
they stops falling, then land safely.
simon practices walking using his cane.
he touches nehru's hand.
oliver watches with the girls and joseph.
ilsa, overcome with emotion, looks proudly at laszlo, who sings with passion.
hermione looks down.
szpilman enters, stands, surveying the devastation.
she turns to a drawing of a nude woman lying on her side with a cigarette on her mouth.
he retreats inside.
he takes a step back to grab the coin.
the room, too, seems changed: sloppier, more lived in.
phillips puts on a headset and sends a telegraph.
other owners watch in horror.
he strokes its beak.
his eyes follow her as she goes.
he smiles, and she prepares a syringe.
emily opens her mouth to speak, but falters.
jimmy is smiling.
struggling to free himself, harry's grief turns to rage when he sees bellatrix lestrange's evil smile.
camera moves with her as she backs away, screaming at the top of her lungs.
lenny is casually walking toward him, lighting a cheroot.
charlotte writes a note at her desk.
her head is bent over colin's crotch, and her hair swishes back and forth, making it look like she's doing something quite different.
the tower of ecthelion stands high within the topmost walls.
we're now at street level, following the two jims.
reporters swarm around gatsby's coffin.
ben walks to the front desk and stands there.
he closes the door behind her.
piquett sits back and heaves a misty sigh in the cold air.
reading it, his face drops.
they turn to professor west.
a soldier's leg is severed at the knee and he falls over.
ilsa gets up and leaves.
later, he finds himself in a stark warehouse.
the forest blazing with it.
melvin senses that he's gone way too far.
he shoots him an inquiring glance.
scrambling now to play it the way chili taught him, harry quickly gestures to the red leather chair arross the desk.
daisy turns and strolls to robert's beige suv.
they enter the city.
he rubs the inside corner of one eye wearily.
he is streaked with soot and ash.
now, aibileen beckons her to join her, and she, too, seems suddenly shy, stepping up next to her friend in front of all the people.
the light from two lamps is absorbed by the deluminator.
they and the other couples whirl around in circles across the floor.
looking through a window, he can see earth being tossed about inside the building.
melvin bursts in on the psychiatrist and emits one word.
his shadow is cast on the wall.
she stops and twirls.
they dance together while their wives and the team look on.
a naked woman is siloute by the sand
flint walks over to her, kneels down in front of her, and gently takes her arm.
the salesman's apartment is dark as well.
marcus arrives at a vent and looks out into a security office full of monitors.
walks across the room, and looks up at the speaker which the music is playing through.
jacob holds out the phone to hannah.
red trains his puffy, exhausted eyes on dillinger.
her arm is grabbed.
the drill sergeant looks at his stop watch.
the wooden gate barring the exit has been broken away.
the ground shakes.
as bullets explode around them, indy and henry jump over a stone barricade.
walt spoon, comes out, proffering two lollypops.
spider man appears above him.
they stop at their table.
the professor touches the velvet drapes on the four-poster bed.
darcy takes a seat at a desk.
he removes the jacket, and she shakes her head.
she goes over to kor khue.
fang sniffs the ground.
as violet goes by, george and bert raise their heads above the top of the cab.
they all aim their cameras and snap away at the couple.
thao drives the gran torino by the ocean with daisy beside him.
abby smiles nervously and heads off.
kevin's colleague runs up to bridesmaid casey.
they stop at a door lettered in embossed chromium letters: edward s.norton, jr.president.
she grins at the other women seated at her table, then sashays off with dillinger.
as bilbo looks up, he is stung by the beauty before him.
rebecca, wearing a pink tulle veil, looks imploringly at suze.
a soldier is manning a gun from inside the helicopter.
edward picks up a stone, ready to play david to goliath.
he gets out of the bed.
the guy, bernie, eyes him anxiously, then looks down.
jackson approaches kate.
his trainer klondike, an older fireplug, opens the door a little, sticking his head in the room.
many boats, carrying murderous-looking orcs, are quietly tracking down the river.
his mother fondly smiles at him again.
sandy backs out of his parking spot and speeds away from the motel.
the blackface has been scrubbed off but all four now wear long gray beards as disguise, clumsily affixed with spirit gum.
elsa holds the torch.
he knocks one of the turkish agents to the deck, then turns his attention to kazim.
the only light is a candle illuminating the sheets as they move slowly up and down and from side to side.
ed hooks an arm around the seat and looks behind the car, then looks forward.
the boarding officers and uri's boys hurry away as water crashing in around it
juno backs away.
the gravediggers stand next to the graves, leaning on their shovels.
a huge spider as big as a double-decker bus holds it above over the edge and peers down at them.
marge is at the reception desk.
he grabs the knife, stabs the man repeatedly and stabs the dog biting him.
sam looks at his glass.
ron looks blank.
the heavy portcullis is lowered.
it's called the silver bullet.
indy and henry are ushered in, hands tied behind back, accompanied by vogel and elsa and two nazi guards.
it shoots down the ramp and bumps on the glacier
leaving the showroom.
they haul fire balls at neville, who dodges them.
watson glances around the photographer about to take the delegates' photo.
jack floats in the sea beside her, his head and arms propped above water.
nina, tenzen, and the grandparents are there, too.
he makes a gesture as if expecting keyes to leave.
looking down, he can see the white parachutes disappearing into the darkness.
craning up past the statues vast crumbling heads, to reveal a large lake only a mile down river.
ilsa fixes flowers at the window while rick opens champagne.
zachetti knocks his hand away.
kate pokes her head around the open door, then tries to enter her own bedroom.
en-joo climbs up a flight of wooden stairs and finds another rifle.
she looks uncertain.
louis removes his shades.
one bursts and underwear goes flying.
natalie is being scanned.
sheets of water grimmer in the moon light which rises up from the ocean.
she walks out of the studio.
harry and hermione, study the name on the graves.
dobby clicks his fingers.
the camera approaching the house.
willie heads out of the office, and marcus begins filling a sack with wads of dollar bills from the safe.
peter bends down to tie his shoelace watched by the usher, then straightens up.
he is putting on his apron.
she is turned upside down.
we see norman emerge from his office and move along the porch toward the distant cabins.
as they stride on, charlie glancing back.
ron stops, glances at harry, then moves off.
in the country, carl and allison walk along a track beneath a brooding, gray sky.
it's hard to see; the moon is behind clouds now.
clearing a path, sandra leads will to a roll-top desk, its ribs covered in dust.
david's face is set, looking grim.
his eyes move between the shampoo and the peanuts.
the hand named love and the hand named hate come in to straighten the necktie.
before each of the directors there are individual reports for them to study.
indy reaches for his gun, tucked in his pants.
she stares up at the statue of liberty, the torch and crown glowing in the night.
they raise their rifles and rambo leaps onto sarah to shield her.
a dart hits watson in the shoulder.
a picnic is laid out on the lounge floor.
by this time, he has hold of her wrist.
mr. white brings his .45 up at joe.
there is a knock on the door.
whip lifts his arms.
joe gently applies alice's makeup with a sponge.
he collapses in slow motion.
we see the hallway.
spider-man clambers onto the boot as venom's mask slithers off his face like a tangle of snakes to reveal brock.
the maitre d' clenches his fist.
the church is decorated with white flowers.
as he does so we hear: ka-chick ka-chock ka-chick ka-chock.
father sees him, takes a step towards him, but stops, smiling helplessly.
the stage is bathed in light.
picks up an old and cracked cigarette box, examines it as she talks.
as snape's eyes glitter darkly, dumbledore gazes out over the slumbering students.
javed, the local gangster, sits in the back, shouting, angry at the boys.
the goblin takes a deep breath, and again clasps his hands together.
as they open, we see eddie, in his underclothes, on the bed.
she shakes it.
they look stricken.
moran desperately climbs down the tower to escape from the cannon watson is operating.
as he did with the flagpole, valjean grimaces as he gets to his feet.
he turns and offers alison his hand.
connie is silhouetted against hazy, golden light.
the others join them.
there is a brief pause and the movie cuts to.
whip steers the plane away from the church's steeple, but the wing grazes the top.
the black gates of mordor swing open!
he stops, turns around and heads back the way he came.
nick wanders about, smiling.
he pulls his coat tighter around him as he walks.
a fly lands on carl's eye.
joe is silent for a moment, cogitating.
big chuck whips off his belt.
westley, staring after her.
he takes it out and rubs it on his arm agitatedly.
she smiles to herself.
a chubby, friendly uncle sits on a sofa, one child on his lap and several others gathered cross-legged around him on the floor.
the broom carries him higher above their heads.
frodo tries to clamber up onto the ledge.
the bar patrons stare as he looks round at magarri.
sort of freezes as their eyes lock.
he nods to the tall civil servant, who bows and closes the door.
craig shakes his head.
they run to him.
mary and the children watch, horrified.
in the morning, jenny looks out from their hotel at the great dome of the sacre-coeur.
some of the onlookers seem skeptical.
he clings to one huge lantern, looks out over the city and pulls off his black hood.
harry opens the envelope and reads the green writing.
she sits down on the edge of the divan near jeff.
the bike throws up a spume of water, soaking both rider and passenger.
he flips the bike out from under him, kicks him in the face, then rides off.
some land rovers are parked in the courtyard.
professor and student look around nervously.
at dusk, under pouring rain, he holds his jacket over his head as he runs along a dock to a warehouse.
we see now: it's dr. woodward -- 75, seat-belted, bloody and unconscious, stuck inside the crushed wreckage.
ed is in her dress blues.
we see the shape's legs a few feet from the house.
jenny finds a book she loves.
roscoe makes a grab for the cross -- but indy doesn't let go.
he looks back at lucius' outstretched hand.
we move close to norman, extremely close, until his profile fills the screen.
he clutches sam's shoulder as 4000 people pay homage to the courage of two little hobbits from the shire.
peter clinches his fist tightly, looks around.
a taxi moves down broadway towards the camera, passing a truck on the right, the winter garden marquee advertising cats, and several buildings, and as the taxi moves offscreen, the classical music still playing, the movie cuts to the taxi's backseat.
he gets out of the car and walks towards a taxi from which an elderly chinese man is emerging accompanied by a young man holding an umbrella.
as reggie slowly peers out.
fletcher peers in through the shutters, but seeing nothing and leaves.
clouds of dust trailing behind her.
hands clutching a handful of plastic riflemen.
the dancers move in intricate and formal patterns, circling their partners, then crossing to form lines.
they put down their bags.
after a moment of silence, jeff says earnestly.
merrill brings his fingers together at the end of a gesture.
sandy listens from the bathroom and rubs his face.
he spins around.
ashton turns.
ahead of them, the grimy underpass is dimly lit by yellow lamps reflected in the puddles of water underfoot.
lucius draws a wand from his stick and aims it at harry.
we see a neon sign flashing across the street.
jane is in the kitchen.
a silver mist forms a protective shield and the dementors are held back.
a female property agent shows sydney around a spacious apartment.
the large eye patch gone and now stitches remain about his eye.
they look under stalls and lift covers.
sandy presses his accelerator.
petunia touches his arm.
mary looks at him provocatively, then turns and shuffles off down the street, singing as she goes.
then she and the man walk slowly away from the car to the end of the station platform and along it toward the station building, phyllis walks several steps ahead of the man.
she holds a container of ice, washclothes and a thermometer.
and the one ring flies from his body.
mickey sets them on top of the saint.
the commander jabs his stick into lewis' shredded leg.
alice watches warily as the alien puts joe back on the ground.
she holds the now smaller block onto the floor and wrestles with it.
sam screams as frodo puts the ring on!
hugh fetches the water.
whip lies face down in the bathroom, a large blood stain on the toilet.
rebecca, looking nervous, emerges from the changing cabin in the purple dress.
denethor has reached the edge of the courtyard.
through a window on the side of the burnham's garage door, we see lester, still in his suit, digging through shelves against the back wall.
walt cooks a barbeque for sue, thao, their mother and youa.
he places his hands around her waist as she open her eyes
emily takes a deep breath.
he is wearing his santa hat.
jay and silent bob stand above him.
benjamin walks out of the door and down the hall.
high up the building, octavius drops aunt may.
later on, she catches the sari in the cab door.
the rain runs like tears down the face of a woman in a stained-glass window.
president ashton steps forward and raises his arms wide at his sides.
elvis continues to perform over the television.
thelma and louise are just waiting for the cars to catch up.
a student flies in on a broomstick.
jeep and charlie watch transfixed.
gale leans back to blow smoke at the ceiling.
don opens his eyes slowly.
he nods towards her ribs.
there he reaches through the window and pulls out a roll of blueprints or something like them.
the crowd enters the front door of the house, leaving george and uncle billy on the porch.
the backyard of the houses are separated by a small wire fence.
bo struggles to get onto the roof.
he nods and looks at the timer on abby's phone display.
once again, mickey is seen leaving the building, but this time he bounds down the steps, jumping for joy.
the film moves from the ugly facade to the building's equally ugly entrance.
men cheer as a winch raises a net holding the safe to the surface.
bullets from the guards rip chunks out of the tree trunks.
close by, a burly fair-haired man in an orange jumpsuit runs down a dark street.
it tilts and sways, flinging people against the parapets.
glowing amongst the trees, a magnificent silver stag with huge antlers stands facing him.
dante tries to regain his composure.
they go back to their yoga.
the bearded man clinks a teaspoon against a glass, and all the clientele and staff, with the exception of him and the man behind the curtain, rise and leave the dining room.
they gaze at each other across the room.
as a few deputies and guards work in a front office, a janitor enters.
jenny unlocks the door and they step inside.
then he listens to them talk.
reggie starts running downstairs.
jenny turns off the tv and walks outside.
ping shakes her sister off.
pete stands with a starfish sticking out of his underwear.
he kisses her again and again.
gandhi is carding fiber to thread as they talk.
we see leopold kneeling now not to the cross but to archbishop colloredo, sitting impassively on his throne.
he turns as laura and adrian enter.
everett keeps up, and the two are pulling forward out of frame.
frowning, jessica shakes her head.
pete eyes her up and down, then closes the tablet case.
none of the gaiety is reflected in lisa and jeff.
she indicates four huge marble columns that go from floor to ceiling.
he rides up to the domed observatory, where allison's doing a warm-up with her jogging photographers.
he's enveloped in a brilliant light of overwhelming intensity.
from the way it is wrapped, we can tell it is a gift.
ben comes through the back door, moves to the pool and dives in.
aunt marge pauses on her wine, eyes narrowing on harry.
the goblin scrabbles around.
from the staircase's landing, rose gazes down at jack who pretends to shake somebody's hand, practicing to be a gentleman.
he unwraps the package to reveal sausage and bread.
the headband doubling as her mini-skirt reveals her knock-out figure in a way that really doesn't leave much up to the imagination.
she begins criticizing him.
he shows her to her seat and chivalrously pulls out her chair for her.
somewhere behind him, boromir's distraught voice carries from another dimension.
as george stalks off, the crowd breaks into laughter.
they curtsy in return.
blue dollar bills snap and flutter around the inside of the car.
aibileen blows out her cheeks as she tries to catch her breath.
on a mountain top, he uses a stout staff as he plods across rocky terrain towards a cross on the summit.
this is a ludicrous seventeenth century garment which looks like a baby's night shirt with embroidered cuffs and collar, and gathered at the neck with a drawstring.
it is about issues pete is going through, and he is really connecting.
the silver-haired man in the amber-tinted glasses takes the stage with a backup musician.
harry crashes inside, takes his trunk, then puts his heel to a loose floorboard and removes his wand from its hiding place.
she glances both ways down the flooded hallway, then steps back and hangs the axe on the frame.
he roars ironically, a lion's roar of liberation.
a path from the motel office leads directly up to this house.
jody stumbles forward.
covered in dust, bond strides through the crowds towards the wooden gate in the tunnel.
they get out.
lydia walks down the aisle, grinning, and takes her place beside mr. wickham at the altar.
bone saw comes again, peter uses both feet and propels the big man under the ropes.
wearing a headscarf, daisy rides as benjamin half down the winding road on his motorcycle.
wormtail drops something into a cauldron, harry watches on.
he holds himself up and climbs the ladder to a fire escape outside a bedroom window.
he senses that all the students are staring at him as he quickly walks out of the room.
she looks in her rear view and catches sight of him.
on one page is a simple sketch of an extraterrestrial with a teardrop shaped head and large catlike eyes.
kay stares through the glass, at edwards, who stands alone on one side of the room, apart from the rest of the group.
a beautiful smile crosses her face, when denny breaks away from the others and joins her.
he takes a shirt from a wardrobe, and rips it to make a bandage for a cut on his arm.
salieri leaves the room.
zus ties some rope and goes.
harry, ron and their dates are sitting some distance away looking miserable.
ruby and rachel kiss like grown women and ruby goes to join the others.
a cameraman films abby as she rubs the stain.
only one table is in use; the hall is empty.
the bank clerk smiles, stands and limps away.
zus pats the boy's blackened face.
the two just stand face to face looking at each other.
jenny smiles as she tries to run through the water.
bleeker's friend vijay jogs up alongside him.
at the retirement home, benjamin climbs the stairs to go to his room.
then, he raises his open hands out towards brian.
lindsey is back watching the tv horror-thon.
she grins back at him and starts to dance the twist.
he waits, pulls the right-hand glove on tight, so that when ray bones opens the door, chili nails him one punch.
another barrage of popcorn hits thumper's jacket.
he falls backwards, powerless to release the fiery.
the sand in the hourglass drifts in a slow spiral, from top to bottom.
his bedroom has been ransacked.
she catches him looking at her and tries to compose herself.
bowlers hoisting balls, , sliding feet
the man turns away.
crowds fill an open-air cinema in nighttime darwin.
the squad car window shatters, burton's chest exploding!
de soto stands at the lectern.
tracking with and also in on the biker from behind as he roars along a strip of highway.
the children sleep.
they fall backwards onto the bed.
she fidgets.
rebecca smiles at her reflection in the mirror, then looks at the label of the dress.
joe has heard this and dropped his flashlight -- the men all turn, silent.
he starts thumping his pockets, with increasing panic, and looks in the waste paper basket on the floor.
they both turn towards the truck and fire rounds into the tankers until they explode in a huge ball of fire.
louise pulls out of the parking lot onto the road.
the bald boy glances across at ben, but looks down again shyly.
he swings his sword at the witch king, who blocks the blow with his own sword.
he conducts leah, as she breathes deeply.
another relative, wearing a world war ii, falls down dead on the beach at normandy.
thao fixes the house number onto a post on the porch.
audrey grabs gabriel around the throat.
asael supervises shooting practice.
he returns onscreen, panting; he looks frantically once again around the living room.
he looks over at seamus, who pointedly ignores him.
the convoy eventually arrives at greenville air force base.
it hits the floor with a pop.
frank prepares to depart.
he grabs it as the cloaked figure swoops again.
phyllis has been sitting fairly close to him.
president nixon holds the plaque.
one wall is filled with a map of the world, newspaper articles and photographs.
he looks out.
gazing after him.
the football coach and two assistant coaches look.
the figure is just a few feet from evelyn.
the girl who we now know as audrey anderson turns to howard with a caustic smile.
a gun is caught, the driver checks his rear view mirror.
when george reaches the edge with harry in his arms, they pull them both to safety.
she watches the film.
he has taken some scratched notes from under the bedding and handed them to charlie.
connie looks out over the ocean.
they stare up at the sky.
the smile vanishes.
frodo turns to sam.
the camera careens along in frenzied flight, up the sidewalk, up a small side alley, down someone's back yard, then to a sudden, abrupt halt in front of mother and father just coming out of a neighbor's house.
skeeter's hair is in rollers.
a recreational vehicle comes crashing around the corner with graham at the wheel.
he considers for a moment.
she opens the passenger door and settles down beside him.
he walks down a wooden walkway to the boat.
moody slides shut the iron lock on the heavy wooden door.
watson grabs the cigar from holmes' mouth and marches off.
the door opens a crack to reveal a cautious valjean.
jack notices that joe is holding the locket in the palm of his left hand.
in a guy's room, carl learns to play guitar.
eddie pauses a moment to register this as she limps off, then follows.
mr. miller lowers his voice and speaks to evan and kayleigh.
rose lies in her bed with her eyes closed.
carolyn drives; buddy sits beside her.
security guards pull them apart.
they stride on, cutting through the crowd, joe all at home in his new surrounding, but parrish just the opposite, un- characteristically uncomfortable, phrases forming on his lips but unspoken, then suddenly he blurts out.
david runs his hand over his head.
as shouse nervously wipes his nose, purvis tags the ford's hood.
within moments, a brutal civil war breaks out between the two companies stationed in cirith ungol.
angela, naked, floats above us as a deluge of rose petals falls around her.
all the women get up and crowd around him, thumping and pummeling him, but it is in vain.
hani straightens his jacket.
jody, still laughing.
as hi is once again escorted toward his cell.
he hands over the cushion and the blanket to szpilman; then, putting his back to the shelves and his feet against the wall, he pushes the shelves back into place so that szpilman is now hidden.
after the wedding, rebecca and the rest of the guests wave as the newlyweds are driven off in a white rolls royce.
harry turns as he hears a faint sound.
it is almost as if our eyes have suddenly begun to adjust to the darkness and we see the outline of a man standing right behind her.
knee-deep in water, he steps onto the bridge.
looks down at the fast-approaching cliff, his face filled with horror.
they hurry through a door to a gymnasium.
some are blood-stained, a few are clean.
now in a conservative hotel suite, david steps into view, toting a satchel and duffel bag.
bob and jeep walk into the diner.
he tries to recollect, but it's already gone.
the agents clamp their hands over their earpieces, and all collapse to the floor in agony.
cal stands and flips over their dining table.
he looks down, then lets go and drops to the right-of-way.
as the ltd rockets toward the traffic jam up ahead, it begins to evolve, its shape actually changing.
sam and strider desperately search the dark forest floor for the athelas plant.
george goes on to get his apron from behind the fountain.
a nasa space agency logo adorns the screen in a large lecture theater.
the crude black label identifies it as 'man of constant sorrow' by the soggy bottom boys.
they rush in.
we do not hear what he is saying to salieri, who still sits writing assiduously.
jack looks at him for a moment, then back to the road.
elrond hesitates a beat.
a waiter brings tea.
the crewman's flashlight beam illuminates a dead woman and infant floating in the water.
the chinese butler is gesturing for him to follow.
thomas looks pensive.
mike looks at her, surprised.
lester drapes his arm around ricky as he gives him the money.
a man made for the spotlight, a man loving the spotlight.
szpilman faces the german captain.
vernon blinks with surprise then covers his ears as a rushing wind seems to fill the room.
bone saw grabs the mic.
zed looks over at it.
the camera moves in on hannah's face as she reflects, her voice heard over the screen.
averting her woeful gaze, she rubs her fingers across her throat.
filch, the caretaker, with his cat, mrs. norris, is standing at the top of the stairs.
they watch longson march off.
a veil of black smoke descends and unfolds the creature.
now, the tv screen fills with christine and zoe's ecstatically happy faces.
tuvia crouches down next to zus who is the tallest of the three adults.
green trees slowly give way to a brown and withered land.
she blows smoke out the window and pulls away.
harry finds a room where the walls are covered with a tapestry, sewn with names and faces.
elphias disapparates as death eaters arrive.
sophie unzips her blue dress and lets it fall to the floor.
her lips tremble as she finds words.
battered and scraped, he lies in a medical bed, afraid, but defiant.
maynard opens a trap door in the floor.
they have tin foil wrapped around their heads like a helmet.
through the window, we see a couple making out on the hood of a car.
zoe narrowly avoids being hit by a yellow cab as she runs across a busy road.
david goes into the shop of the village garage.
clicking his fingers, he salsas over to gwen holding out his hand.
it clatters down on top of him.
panchenko returns the salute.
people stare at him.
she unfolds it and pulls out a pen, ready to write something.
snoop dog descends into an open pit in the ship's hull.
he points to a rocket model.
she lowers her sad, resigned eyes.
neff closes the door without taking his eyes off keyes.
we are now looking through the mask as we move forward down the hall.
they follow it round a corner to find - a dead end.
harry has his photograph taken with slughorn.
the mustached officer sits beside him.
they all look towards the door as tuvia walks into the room.
he's wearing latex gloves.
he holds the door open for holly.
english dave crosses to the bar, and vince follows.
he stares with painful embarrassment at the knowing look in her eye.
uncle ben, his face grim, gets ready to move off.
everything goes black.
close on: isildur picks up the severed finger and removes the one ring.transfixed.
helicopters fly overhead,
the chopper fires a rocket which destroys the second four- by-four and knocks ferris and bassam's four-by-four onto its roof.
he sits beside sophie in the award ceremony.
gandalf looks at denethor closely for a moment, then turns on his heel to leave, pippin follows.
the shape moves to see inside a window of the wallaces house.
an officer holds her arm and leads her off.
he follows them in.
he covers his eyes.
he smiles gently.
at the army camp, viktor is looking at a chart.
he pulls his black wheelie case.
benjamin stopped slowly towards the lift as daisy dances between two guys.
elsewhere, rose bumps into a steward as she runs to an elevator.
ben sits motionless in the shadowy room, then goes to pick up his mobile.
the camera keeps moving closer, and the point of view is always godse's, but gandhi is always in profile or half obscured by the heads and shoulders of those in front.
arwen wheels asfaloth around.
the hobbits stand back-to-back in the centre of the ring, waiting for the first assault.
michael pauses a beat, as if unsure how much to say
the shadow under the pantry door stops moving.
he turns around, drunkenly.
juno looks at the baby in awe, then her eyes begin to flutter.
hermione looks in the direction the men went.
he waits a few seconds then follows them.
they crouch down behind a glass balcony.
fats hesitates for a moment, then reaches in his pocket for some bills.
his street self walks off.
his palm comes away bloody.
then he turns and walks back into his room.
he limps, breathing heavily as he goes.
traffic roars past on the road above.
wearing oven gloves, hagrid takes something out of a pot hanging there at the fire.
the old magic-man stares around impassively at the plumes of fire and bomb bursts.
staring down, a smile creeps across sandy's face as he considers.
draco is in a cluttered room.
he glares at harry.
in one hand is a blade.like a stabbing tongue of fire; in the other, a whip of many thongs.
minnie's eyes shift.
mr. weasley opens the door.
granny suddenly comes to.
he sits down on the couch next to her.
the doors to the other suite are open.
the pirates drop to the deck of their boat in slow motion.
as he yells at the top of his lungs !
a larger girl slides over so forrest can't sit next to her.
it hits the paper and slowly disappears.
frodo looks to the far side of the river.the camera moves in on the ring.
the camera has panned slightly to the woman's living room window.
harry cradles dobby like a child.
the room is filled with policemen milling about in several different uniforms: local police, state troopers, plainclothes detectives.
they look out of the window and see fudge, dumbledore and the executioner making their way towards the cottage.
people go down.
she puts down her book and studies the writing.
the latest cannonade bursts a hole in the barricade and now the soldiers are storming through.
chubby-cheeked caroline plays with a toy caterpillar.
next, he lays a heavy, glass ashtray beside each of the towels, then strolls out.
ben and elaine are walking along in front of one of the outside animal cages.
as they all head inside, jane hangs back for a moment and turns to lizzie.
as denny takes lydia's arm, and kitty is escorted away by carter,
the mechanical arms grasp onto an energy field which surrounds the glowing sphere.
cloaks flying, they run towards the cottage.
hermione walks off.
she turns round and walks back to her chair; children's eyes always on her.
she picks up her speed, now up the sidewalk.
taylor glances across at barnes as the group makes their way to the plaza.
harry's face grows pale.
kate leans wearily against a shelving unit.
he is carefully wiping out the interior with dust cloth.
jeff's eyes travel up to the ballet dancer's window.
it's a running gag between these two.
in the dining room, jules and vincent stand up.
jamal's tuk-tuk then arrives outside the gates.
edgy, the doctor prepares to cut one of the limbs.
he watches as emily carries the casserole she took out of the oven to a candlelit table.
minnie gives her a look.
now, david rounds a corner, coming face to face with the two officers.
michael leaps over the counter, landing in front of charlie, guns ready for action.
the landlord moves away from the window.
the hymn plays on, loudly, as the camera moves back, revealing mickey, standing outside a barber shop window, looking at the christ playing and shuffling from side to side to gets its eyes' 3-d effect.
the sign flashes cocktails -- beer -- dancing -- food.
ron recognizes his quidditch hero.
he works on the man's face.
joe, alice and cary pick themselves up and watch as a steady stream of metallic bits and pieces stream up towards the water tower and are melded into the ever growing structure on top of it.
she looks up, sees him and carries on with her work.
he is dressed only in bathing trunks, and is vigorously cleaning his rug with a carpet sweeper.
whip closes his eyes.
as the escapees race past him, dillinger faces the entrance and fires his tommy gun up at the watch tower.
she has seen and recognised valjean, some way off.
asael swallows nervously.
where a maid is seeing to her hair.
the sound of his breathing is so harsh and loud that for a moment it dominates the scene.
the man in black nods and comes nearer.
the dude takes the briefcase and slides over.
he runs towards her and kneels beside her.
smith turns toward ismay.
fergus opens what jude has given him--looking inside.
mad-eye approaches them.
then he sees a nearby lamp bracket.
ray looks away.
he passes a suspicious looking man lurking in the shadows.
the young woman looks at her beau.
harry sets about freeing ron and hermione but vicious merpeople appear.
kay raises the weapon again, threatening.
they knock.
the seven winged horses swoop down past the tall sails of the galleon and away over the lake.
don has already reached the second floor and is hurrying down the stairs, the fur coat over his arm, not paying any attention to helen.
she looks expectantly at draco.
inside, sitting almost in a ball, is the massive creature.
andy is sitting behind nigel and miranda, who are in the front row for the valentino show.
emily takes over.
he begins to examine it.
salieri sits at his desk, staring up at the cross.
he is looking at the baby.
he opens the lid.
merrill's eyes moves quietly above the bedroom doors, to the ceiling of the upstairs hallway.
the boys watching the carriage.
he bursts into a room, runs through the apartment and sees mitchell climbing onto another roof a short distance away.
lynn begins to cry.
maynard reaches into the hole and comes back holding onto a leash.
as he reaches out, thick ice begins to form on the handle of his broomstick.
the little girl grows up.
we dissolve on the singer's face, and she is suddenly not merely turbaned, but painted and dressed totally in a turkish manner, and we are on.
tony watches the tv intently.
lisa stands, straightens out her dress, stretches a little then she turns to the divan, apparently not too interested in his observation about the salesman's life.
she hands him sandy's credit card.
pulling herself together she goes off down the hallway.
kelly gets up.
she looks back at desi.
he smiles at her.
gower, drunk, is intent on putting some capsules into a box.
he smiles at her,
policemen frantically direct scared members of the public away from the chase as both cars head through a junction.
he leans against the wall near the door and waits.
the man opens his mouth.
looking apologetically at simon in stoic ruin.
the camera pans from them, across a sloping dip in the ground, to a huge group of volunteers lining up to face the police as tautly as the police face them.
dil points the gun at him, squeezing on the trigger.
stella hits his back with a palmful of cold oil.
dumbledore steps back from the basin and sits down with difficulty.
pippin running through the ruin of the battle.
he's on his porch drinking coffee.
he turns off his engine and gets out of the truck.
through the window of a hippy jewelry store we see a saleswoman modeling a ring for ben.
baby face reaches an unpaved road.
soaked to the skin, tim bursts into a hospital corridor and strides down it to the nurses' station.
his eyes droopy from lack of sleep, edward mans the whirling amusement park ride.
the host maintains a grim serious expression.
jeff's eyes move up quickly to look at the salesman.
ships sit motionless at a busy commercial port.
two officers are leading j.d.
climbing spikes are sharpened.
umbridge watches from a high tower as they return to school.
cole makes the soldiers talk to each other.
laser projectors mounted at the top and bottom of each curved pillar fire a slender yellowish beam through the tiny sphere.
graham watches the tv.
the two are giving alms to beggars as they walk back from evening church service.
soldiers crouch behind him.
as it does so, one of its tires blows out.
eyebrows are raised.
viewed through the fractured windscreen of the cab, two of the limbs move up to octavius' face.
irwin has listened; it's beginning to make a little sense.
more gray clouds of bugs arrive, darkening the skies.
lila comes along the porch, pauses before cabin one, tries the door.
lizzie stands behind her grandmother as rose climbs out of her wheelchair.
there is a huge gravel parking lot with lots of pickup trucks and older cars.
marcus, having chopped down the mannequin, drags off its stole.
he has a hand-knitted scarf draped around his neck.
it leaps out through a window.
through the clouds of dust and the streams of daylight we now see a patch of green.
gladys begins to laugh innocently as she continues to devour her meat.
he is young and vigorous and he swivels on the ground as though to strike back.
the colonel stands, still breathing heavily.
watson leaves the telegraph office and comes down the steps.
frodo and sam sink to the ground, holding their hands against their ears, as out of the city comes a rending screech.
pulled by the invisible force, the locket pops open.
she blows out the match and puts it down carefully on the bedspread.
he stands above the men on the top of the dock, as lines of convicts labour beneath him on the steep steps of the dock wall.
billie sits nude in the tub.
he trudges to the door and holds the door, which comes off in his hand.
buttercup, diving into the water, starting to swim away.
officers make their way upstairs at the back of a boarded up house.
ron and harry are watching a flame in a jar.
walt smokes a cigarette and watches as thao scrapes old paint off the clapboard exterior.
looking out for the golden snitch, harry and draco, the two seekers, hover above the arena.
he pulls a magazine from his pocket and shows it to her.
she runs over to the shelter.
he and the conductor get on board the train.
darcy watches lizzie go.
mrs. gump opens the door, revealing a young man with long sideburns as he plays the guitar and sings.
her breath visible in the cold air, rose turns toward the baker who crouches on the railing beside her.
all over the auditorium men stand up and make their way out.
lynn marie enters as she opens the door.
the guests stand as jane, in a simple white dress, is escorted in by her father.
aibileen turns away to face the window, blanked out by the strong sun outside.
harry reaches desperately for his hand.
dumbledore reaches up and kisses it.
merrill opens the door.
henry turns back to his son.
frodo as a malevolent voice in his head calls to him.
david gleams at jenny who tries to suppress a broad grin.
at dinner, clean-cut pursuited stuart downs his glass of bourbon and points imperiously at a waiter.
it is a victory.
marley's having difficulty getting up the steps.
he dives at peter who hauls him against another window.
he has disappeared into the hall.
maguire, a small lean man, talks to him through the hood.
unable to get the car door open, he scrambles out of the driver's window clutching the pink elephant.
szpilman hesitates; she shouts more loudly.
hearing the impact, alice stops and looks back.
the two big profiles filling the screen.
he looks shaken.
she moves away from the door with a slow, unhurried pace.
carl nods pensively, then reverses his car.
he sits forward.
they both look embarrassed.
harry looks back at the book.
he watches as the girl's hand slips back under the bed.
a nurse comes to get him.
he is covered in sweat and panting like an asthmatic.
then she shuts the door.
drew enters with quince, quince nods, excusing himself, and closes the door behind him.
ed's hand lingers on top of his.
the film cuts abruptly to mickey's flashback of his date with holly, beginning with a rock club performance.
nelson mandela appears on tv.
the great sword flashes again, and now there is a parallel slash bleeding on rugen's other cheek.
they look up at gatsby.
the father dashes to the driver's side.
looking spidey up and down, the man steps into the elevator and presses a floor button.
she walks back up the curving staircase to her apartment.
he has another drag on the cigarette.
it's locked.
she smiles up at mr. darcy, whose expression softens lightly, though still remaining inscrutable.
one of the limbs knocks him through a glass door.
inside, bob steps up on a chair to examine the tv set.
from all over the world, glowing spheres head into space, away from earth's atmosphere.
another whispering wail rends the air.
close on the crying baby as hi bounces it, gently but desperately.
ernie is a few feet behind him, ready to run.
he stops and raises the shovel like a spear.
he crosses to the corridor door.
hare krishna music is heard over a sunlit view of the manhattan skyline and the green trees of central park.
he wraps the blanket tight around his shoulders.
peter turns back around.
david is mowing the grass.
she is behaving with a sophistication which was not apparent when we first saw her in the morning.
the water seethes all around the island.
zoe sits in the back seat, looking out through the rain- splashed window as if in a trance.
dyle has hopped on the back of the bus as it pulls away.
don's eyes turn slowly toward the door.
they walk out of scene.
dutton checks the body on the stretcher.
don shuts the door behind him.
we move down the steps and into the shallow end of the pool.
her face crumples with the pain of the recollection.
kate hurries back to the plane with lilly.
he is reaching to open the door but she slaps his hand away from the handle.
the rope gantry swings and the crate of bricks falls from the other end.
the dude and walter are pulling up in front of a dilapidated house sitting on a scrubby lot.
she looks up at nick petulantly.
he begins rolling one for himself.
the sun rises in the clear blue sky.
at the limited edition gallery, a bored security man looks at a picture, and a waitress carries a tray of food amongst the smartly dressed guests.
jane is sitting on her bed.
she glares at him and considers.
next morning, celia shakes her head despairingly.
having smashed the clock and several empties, he sits down on the bed, and, in need of refreshment, drinks from a half-full bottle with a cigarette end floating about it in.
gandalf leads the company through the flotsam and jetsam which floats upon the muddied waters surrounding the tower.
a young singer with moppy dark brown hair strums a guitar at the mic.
cal closes his eyes as everyone in the office gives him a round of applause.
irwin looks at him, still trying to penetrate the significance of the act.
he looks off as she enters the car.
carl reaches round and grabs his gown to make sure he's not exposing himself.
hunter surreptitiously hands evan a cheat-sheet to the exam.
some limp with crutches, others have missing hands.
he turns and reaches to pick up the box but - ping-ping - bullets chew up the road near his hand.
it splits open.
valjean strides down the long rising road, pulling his thin coat close round him against the cold winter wind.
his hands paw futilely at lenny's chest.
he wears black leather pants and a black leather jacket, open, shirtless, exposing fine blond chest hair and pale skin.
watching, nick smiles to himself.
they pass the hitchhiker.
he has hooked the wastebasket under his feet to sit more comfortably.
inside, audrey is sorting through papers on a reception desk.
he looks up, then gets to his feet.
once again, he speaks.
in the dust, joe lies frightened on the ground, eyes tightly shut.
they both duck as the bludger hurtles past.
dillinger allows a subdued smile, then shifts boyishly in his seat.
as she runs up to the lorings' front door, she smoothes down the hem of the skirt she wears over her jeans.
flies storm in trough the grill.
they all face the front.
they crouch.
by the locked gate.
all he sees is laurel, facing whoever it is in the hallway.
david continues to read, at last looking up and nodding.
as melvin walks verdell back home, we notice, perhaps a beat before melvin, a remarkably event.
then he looks over at the piano lizzie was playing earlier that evening and his expression softens.
she looks over at daisy, who lies forlornly on the porch at the top of the steps.
deadly arrows aimed at their heads.
voldemort kills him.
pandemonium seems to be breaking out behind klondike in the hallway.
he tries to smile.
the queen stops walking for a moment.
in her other hand is a set of car keys.
but agent madala fires a shotgun first.
he follows harry.
a few snowflakes drift past.
daisy steps out in her underwear, sees him, and hastily wraps a robe around herself.
slipping off albert's coat, harry scrambles over to the locket and picks it up.
a jet of flame belches towards the shore, engulfing rebels.
preacher sits opposite.
a boy with a jacket scar in his forehead lies fast to sleep.
houdini begins to growl.
parrish ignores her, his attention has been taken by the voice.
having swapped the two vials, helen approaches him.
he pulls up in a parking spot outside a large institutional- looking building with the stars and stripes hanging over the door.
the teacher sees salim and jamal.
dolohov's eyes remain open and stary.
she turns gracefully in front of jeff.
friday, a female servant zips up the back of the queen's black dress, then, hands her a pearl necklace.
the hulking inmate covers cahoon's mouth.
his eyes stare out lifelessly from his young, pale face.
malcolm looks up at the sound of those words.
and we see the shadow of a woman fall across the shower curtain.
holmes and the others run for it, out into the woods beyond.
winstead glances away, then looks purvis in the eye.
we move into a montage.
jude spins one way, the gun the other.
helen goes to take it.
it is long past the monsoons and they have had to come far out in the riverbed to the water.
cole turns his head and stares at the windows.
mist floats above their bowed heads.
he heads to them and sits.
he uses a hammer to forge a piece of broken steel on an anvil.
she walks in on a shouting match between josh, a leftist angry news writer, and dori, the entertainment-leaning co-writer.
mr. white brings his gun around on eddie and shoots him.
ferris looks to the boys.
now david heads down a crowded sidewalk.
colin sips and abby gulps her champagne.
in the classroom next door, harry reappears as he takes off the invisibility cloak.
outside, a sailor rotates a winch as others work to turn over the top of the lifeboat.
brian smiles wryly with his arms folded.
he steps to the door and looks outside.
she tears the sleeve.
szpilman and gebczynski wait with others at the stop as the tram trundles towards them and comes to a halt.
howard videotapes a red sedan plowing into enrique.
marwan shoves ferris down a rubbish-strewn slope towards hani.
they walk out to the street.
a sense of foreboding falls over joe's face, his fear that he is passing through some barrier, a point of no return.
we surface again and pan around for a last look.
she runs into the building; the taxi drives away.
she sits down.
charlie gets up and moves toward the door.
he steps onto the almost deserted platform and glances along it.
neff comes along the sidewalk into the shot.
how did so many get in here?
he runs to him and grabs his camera.
jeep and michael move to look through the slats at the window.
he stops walking.
alyssa shakes her head, smiling.
she looks up at him with a serious frankness.
emily watches in amazement, then wraps her arms around ben's neck and hugs him tight.
neff is wearing a light summer suit, very much in contrast to lola's mourning.
the dance forces them away from each other.
snape's cloak starts to burn.
the two men stand grinning.
billie clutches the phone despondently.
miss torso is now wearing a cocktail dress, which shows off her figure to great advantage, especially when she leans toward three assorted men to offer them a plate of hors d' oeuvres.
as ron pelts after scabbers, harry and hermione give chase.
he holds the paper sack in one hand and a small leatherette satchel in the other.
harry shows her the unopened vial of liquid luck.
joseph runs up some steps to join david, while the other children mill around a young man with a crew cut, admiring his muscles.
evan, now wearing his standard issue inmate uniform, enters the general population area of the prison.
they consider each other a moment until chili finally checks his watch.
just as watson steps out onto the balcony, holmes closes his eyes and pushes backwards, propelling himself and moriarty over the edge of the balustrade.
harry, hagrid, and the bike soar upwards beyond the clouds.
then, suddenly aware of lester's scent, she grabs as many of his clothes as she can and pulls them to her, burying her face in them.
emily folds her arms.
he is whittling artlessly at a stick.
biting down on the cigar.
lying in bed with air tubes running from her nose, emily fiddles with his card.
the woman stirs.
spider-man is thrown.
he goes into the office and looks at the book.
alice appears a little way behind them.
holmes imagines him fighting.
the thrashing continues.
paul bleeker steps onto the front porch of his house for early morning track practice.
moriarty gets up.
as the neighbors leave the flowers, walt carries on mowing.
buckbeak gallops across the quadrangle, flaps his wings, and takes off into the night sky.
tuvia gazes at lilka and his face softens.
he lights a candle.
from the other side of the wall, the sound of an angry german voice and of a boot stamping violently on the boy.
lisa turns on her side, and stares into the room, angrily.
he locks into a gap.
his grandson marius with the others punch their fists in the air.
after a moment, mulwray's car pulls into view on a flood control road about fifteen feet above the riverbed.
the three children run through a forest chased by maman, punnoose, and the bearded henchmen.
the fans moving through the turnstiles are clad in all types of eagles paraphernalia.
javed watches the game.
she falls in his arms to be comforted.
the old woman turns leaning her face right in front of his.
the big man himself, marsellus wallace, exit teriyaki donut, carrying a box of a dozen donuts and two large styrofoam cups of coffee.
nearby, jackson and the others walk in towards the hedge.
he catches a fly.
a needle rises on a steamed pressure gauge.
gripping his sword, watching.
harry stays back himself.
the woman looks at a computer screen.
she whirls round and goes back indoors, as he rides away.
rose slides on her stomach to the edge of the platform, then rolls into the water.
he laughs in exhilaration.
abby roughly forces an earpiece into mike's ear.
he squeezes the frog, crushing it, and tosses it away against a tree.
carolyn smiles, genuinely touched that he remembers her name.
the door opens a crack.
he eyes david, who presses his lips in a disappointed line.
dumbledore sends a ball of light across the lake, it rises and falls over the surface of the water then flares up illuminating a tiny island in the distance.
he's still debating what to do when: andrea walks in and is startled by the unexpected sight of evan holding a huge knife.
he can see her blond head vanishing among the fields.
as they make love, he grips her hand and their fingers intertwine.
he is now doubly apoplectic.
the house is a chewed mess.
the group stops behind him.
holden hits him.
later, she's on the phone to harry.
he moves back against the other door, holding it open and allowing them to go in first.
beatrice looks much better than the last time we saw her -- more nicely dressed, a touch of makeup, a smile on her face.
next to joseph, sits a boy with a thermometer in his mouth.
denethor gently raises pippin's head.
jeff notices doyle's interest.
he slams the door.
over her shoulders, harry glances at ron, who lowers his gaze for a moment.
the intertwined bodies of gabriel and audrey hit the road with a sickening crunch and roll into a ball of fire.
chili stares straight ahead, rubs his hands together, tries to stay warm.
he looks up and moves towards her.
she stands up, still pointing the gun at fergus.
the motel receptionist, larry, helps ben carry gear.
the swarthy man who was tossing the apples steps out in front of them.
butch quickly takes measure of the situation, than stands next to the door.
the sheer athleticism of his movement keeps him ahead of the choppers as he leads them on.
as soon as the man disappears, salieri sneaks into the buffet room.
she sits down next to him at the table.
harry reaches out for her.
kay and jay pump their guns and aim at the bug.
ben takes a step forward.
the tires are still on the road, but where there used to be air is water.
colin looks uncomfortable and buttons up his shirt.
he's sitting across the room, watching her with an enraptured expression.
a shadow falls over the porch.
fats draws himself slowly out of his chair and hands the money to charlie.
strasser alights from the car and runs toward renault.
henri opens the doors.
rick pats sam on the shoulder.
the table is now his.
gittes strolls toward the women knitting and working on the quilt.
gingerly, he starts to climb the gloomy stairwell leading up into the kitchen, thick rays of sunlight pouring through irregular holes punched into the wooden planks across the window.
waiting on the platform in hagrid, holding a powerful lamp.
he stops her hand.
helen stands looking at him.
gatsby and daisy make love.
aragorn desperately slashes his way towards boromir, felling uruk-hai in his path.while legolas and gimli fight a rear guard action.
it's ripped.
she rings the bell.
they share a tender, lingering smooch.
he hops over the counter and whips the door open.
she glances at him.
he grabs a hidden key.
he examines it.
she grabs his ass.
now, in a motel, they approach the front desk.
tubby, 40-something steve looks put out.
george and mary still trying to dance in the water the crowd on the edge cheering them some of the crowd leap into the pool the principal trying to restore order, finally clasps his hands like a diver and leaps in himself.
two men escort david to a door.
the shaking of the glass never allows david's eyes to completely close.
the team turn grudgingly.
she is still holding a book.
swirling black smoke consumes the image of the boy and harry takes his face out of the pensive.
he tears it open and starts reloading the gun.
connie's face is bruised.
david and benjamin watch as a guy takes daisy's coat.
madam hooch takes out her hound.
a man plummets into the pit and the crowd stops running.
featuring adam as he hurries from the car.
behind them the village is strung with the green, white and saffron colors of independence.
he looks down the street and the film cuts to his point of view: frederick's loft building.
nick pushes her, and they tumble into a library.
silhouetted against a window, billie leans over the reclined man, her bobbed hair tickling his brow.
it's holmes wearing one of his camouflage outfits.
the inspector points the remote control at the tv.
she wears a heavy belt holding a revolver, walkie-talkie and various other jangling police impedimenta.
filch stands guard on the school battlements.
a van stops and a rabble spills out.
almost totally under the covers, they watch as a waiter brings in a room service cart full of food.
howard charges through the tall gate where he comes to a halt inside a large church.
it has the promise when built up of being a pleasant little middle class section.
the bartender sells cal a shot and shrugs at jacob.
they collapse in a heap of trolleys and luggage.
he looks paniced and uncomfortable in his ridiculous dress robes.
approaching hermione.
he walks around his desk and sits on its edge close to mickey.
onboard, yuri holds his sons to their seats.
she wears a white leotard.
there are crowds along the street, and gandhi -- in surprise that they are for him -- waves tentatively.
the gardener nods, and is off, leaving gittes staring at the object in the bottom of the pond that is gleaming.
mickey's reflection is seen at the almost-transparent doors, as well as the reflection of the street and various cars whizzing by.
henry helps fats on with his coat.
the oldest girl is about ten.
laughing they start to jive.
ben leaps at the door, pushes mrs. robinson aside, struggles with the door, gets the door open, runs into the hall and down the stairs.
fergus, fitting a new window into the finished wall.
kate carries zoe through the kitchen.
they drive around in nick's blue pickup truck.
annie's car pulls away.
still kneeling beside the petrified justin, harry notices a line of spiders quickly scuttling across the floor.
on the dance floor, mr. blackly performs a jig followed by a cartwheel.
hermione looks curious.
his face is almost unreadable.
creating an avenue of trees, which allows them access along the old isengard road.
they have reached the trough.
they turn and we pan with them as they hurry after rachel, and we bring in rachel, charging away from us with her brood hustling to keep up.
an ancient stone ledge holds a great pile of firewood, secured in stacked bundles.
he has an impediment that would stop a clock.
it continues vibrating.
the students start to leave.
jenny steps left and gets out of the way.
carl pulls up and hands the attendant his ticket.
the woman hands tony another phone.
he fits the door back into the frame.
her smile suddenly disappears.
marge drives, gazing out at the road.
despite the indian tunic he now wears he cannot help but look and act like the incisive, patrician lawyer he is under the skin.
leading rose by the hand, jack hurries around a stack of crates, then stops at a gleaming black car.
a table stands in front of george.
lizzie does so.
merry clambers up a watchtower, aragorn in pursuit.
the crowd gasps and watches, heads tilted back, in silence.
watson goes nearer to the tower.
brunette girl stands on a railing as her father grips her from behind.
he stops in the doorway, and slowly turns back.
he tries to dodge past but she grabs his arm.
horrified, sidney bites his fist.
she watches spider-man hurtling towards her.
banky, holden, alyssa and the girl from the dance floor sit around a table.
the green light on the dock at tom buchanan's mansion gently pulses.
some people in a lifeboat behind the titanic row furiously as the ship's enormous propellers rise out of the water.
he reaches out, touches the ear, then he actually turns it.
eddie moves through the ornate racetrack bar to join sarah at a table.
she turns the page as elliot, in pajamas and silk bathrobe, enters.
soon enough, an image emerges: evan holding a knife, stands over a heap of several dead inmates karl and rick.
he barks an order, and two more nazis fall into step with him.
malcolm taps the pocket but doesn't open it.
he walks over to ilsa and sam at the piano.
straightens up and goes out.
tuvia looks despairingly at asael.
two women appear from a doorway, approach the wall and look up.
when parrish senses she is on her way, he turns and heads up towards joe.
in the gryffindor common room, he stands on a table showered with red confetti.
the glowing peaks of skyscrapers gleam in the night sky.
he sits between an elderly daughter and her age-old mother, and a middle-aged man and wife.
jenny and forrest sit on a log together and look at the river.
he holds his head in his hands.
the car pulls up and randal and dante get out.
she goes to the desk, followed by peter, where the night clerk greets them sleepily.
a huge, ghostly, green skull appears, with a snake emerging from its mouth.
jody begins to laugh under the hood.
klaatu follows.
he shakes his head as his goggles freeze over.
the others gather round.
eowyn looks at him questioningly, disturbed by his tone.
jamal sits back in his chair and stares at the host.
the mace flies out of gabriel's hands.
harry sucks his pecked finger.
they fly neck and neck, the snitch just out of reach.
in an office, felix swigs from a bottle.
he puts his up to meet hers.
he rests his chin on his hand and looks at her with a benign expression.
flynn tilts his head stubbornly.
robin enters holding a tray of items.
but there is just no air.
ed is rolling up the window and locking the door.
agent hurt opens fire from uphill.
the pulsing green light reflects on the gently rippling water.
the gloom of a mountain cavern.a murky pool of water.in the darkness the shadowy outline of an emaciated.
he stops and looks up at gatsby.
merrill puts change in the meter.
at a gypsy camp in the countryside, men practice their horse riding skills.
joe lets go.
he clutches a copy (we need not see the title) of gandhi's journal.
grimsrud follows.
bellatrix lestrange walks up behind voldemort, who takes a few paces forward.
as he talks, she seems to be thinking something over to herself.
he licks the cream from his finger, and gazes intently at her.
the dude spits some white russian.
tears start falling down graham's face.
instead of increasing her sobbing, this news quiets, momentarily, the woman who owned the dog.
joe just nods and looks at the magazine.
battering rams and siege towers are hauled on chains.
bn wears a frown of concentration as the camp nears the camp guard post.
he pulls on his baseball cap and goes.
frodo turns to the light, unable to stop himself.
above their heads, the bunch of mistletoe continues to grow.
it explodes into several spinning boomerang type blades.
robert and caroline stroll through to the back as daisy goes to the front doors.
carl looks up at the rear-view mirror.
mother and children run along the deserted, sunny beach.
they glance at suhrawardy; he smiles tautly and they start to leave, but one (nahari) lingers.
bubba's grandmother carries a bowl of shrimp into a dining room.
the bus screeches to a halt.
he jerks his head to toss his hair out of his eyes.
he wraps his arms around her, squeezing his eyes shut as they hug.
the servant marches along bearing his tray of pastries aloft.
moody appears as they spot a sad figure.
sam stirs, looks at frodo.
kate jumps out of the taxi and hurries towards the school.
he almost skips across the street in his anxiety.
a whistle is heard offscreen, and the music stops.
harry attempts to preserve his modesty with some bubbles.
the street lamps begin to flicker and strobe, adding to the confusion.
will sits on the porch with sandra and josephine, watching his son play in the pool with two neighbor kids.
he rises, reels toward lowery's office, pauses, turns, speaks to mary, meaningfully.
tuvia unleashes a salvo of bullets.
amelia bones raises her hand.
loomis jumps and spins around.
tommy takes a running dive at mrs. halpern, perhaps a bit too hard, and sends her and the baby to the pavement, hurt, but no major injuries.
they could not look happier or more refreshed.
four planes peel away from the mass of fighters and swoop towards him.
joe spots alice dangling upside down.
brock stands on the research area
it drops onto his shoulders.
she is a clean-cut, good looking girl of twenty-six.
harry leaves peter with doctor octavius.
in washington a white sheet flutters in the breeze and a wheel turns.
the leading police car spins.
she stares at him wide-eyed.
he is in the act of placing it on the floor.
the children boil onto the couch.
we see tristram deveroux, a young sloane type in a three-piece suit, whose house it is.
he runs his hand down marley's beige coat.
as they're doing so, moran starts to sit up.
the valley floor as thousands of horsemen ride out after their king.
peter stands with his back to the departing figure.
in the paddock, drover works the wild horse, hauling on the rope to prevent it from bucking.
through the door, which scobie closes behind them, is a flight of stairs, leading up to a second floor.
robbie watches them go.
the peasants take the gunfire as the signal to begin a race across the paddy field.
charlie moves in to help.
she hugs elizabeth,
when the door has closed behind wickham, georgiana turns her sorrowful gaze to darcy, then slowly walks over to be comforted by him.
he is jackson, the man from the observation platform of the train.
drover downs a drink and up-ends his glass.
fats and bert exchange glances but nothing is said.
harry squints, sees a fiery stag appear.
she lets herself in her front door, and her cat, d'artagnan, trots over.
his friends hurry after him.
we track after icey.
one after the other, they fly out of the player's tunnel, and swoop around between the tall spectator towers, which surround the oval grassy arena.
gandhi scowls up in the early light.
she turns her face away now, gazes sadly at the little empty room.
once moriarty and moran have gone, he leaps to his feet and dashes off down the back staircase.
nagini advances on hermione, who retreats, a basilisk fang in one hand.
harry looks round.
feels that his time on earth is coming to an end no matter what he does here.
he takes a seat next to bert.
parvati guides him around the floor.
as it rolls in, the crowd breaks into applause, and fats bangs the butt of his cue stick on the floor to show his appreciation.
same bar, tables have no covers.
jack checks out the broken blue and red plastic as he makes a walkie call.
bo looks on in awe.
lee puts the book she's been holding down on the desk, only to pick up another one.
she hurries on up the walkway to the front door.
elijah gets covered in comics.
neff goes to the ice-box and phyllis drifts in after him.
the laughing goblin throws something at the building with the balcony.
choppers hurddle towards the bright lights of manhattan.
forrest jr. serves the ball, causing forrest dive and miss it.
his groom leads the horse behind him.
aunt may calls upstairs.
wick pushes him through the doorway to the dark bedroom, closing the door after him.
he throws the man over his shoulder and whacks him in the face.
the others turn, begin all speaking at once.
scattered by a strike.
michael turns to jeep.
and then looks behind him to the bat.
rick and laszlo hear male voices singing downstairs.
he turns into a driveway of one of the homes.
he throws his cigarette away.
marius comes over.
his reflection winks at harry, shows him the stone, and put it back in its pocket.
emily smiles and puts an arm around his shoulder.
filch stands by the door striking his cat.
the baker pulls a flask out of his pocket and takes a drink.
spider-man's wrists are lashed to the web with webbing fired by brock, who lands on top of him and tears off the spider- man mask.
the pawn broker has put helen's coat on a hanger and is brushing it.
ron makes lockhart follow harry through a huge pipe.
he slips the chain over his head.
cole's fear slowly fades away.
miranda and irv shut the door in her face.
the civilian pats his pockets.
oliver takes out his iphone and starts showing debbie photos.
the others stare at him.
later, in the north terminal of detroit airport, ryan and natalie stand silhouetted against a large window.
a short laugh makes us realize that melvin has witnessed and enjoyed frank's hostile mutterings.
snake-like white roots shoot out of the ground, grabbing for his ankles.
reacting.
a telecom engineer's truck drives along a dark road.
they pass a wanted poster for sirius black.
he puts the acoustic bell over her heart.
diana smears potatoes on her forehead.
rambo removes the blindfold.
she points the gun at it, takes a second to get a bead, then shoots two of the tires flat.
he searches the shelves.
fedora takes a bejeweled cross from the box and holds it aloft.
scobie, still dressed in his raincoat, lies face up, his head submerged in the filled tub, the water now pouring over the edge.
neff's hand takes them out.
henry tosses his case at indy who catches it and angrily throws it back to his father.
his colleague fakes surprise.
ron is being helped into the room, he looks shaky.
a faint black vapor leaves his body.
and then it happens.
she opens her mouth, trying to get air, then slowly slumps forward and remains motionless.
george staggers off down the street, paying no attention to the man.
dante grabs randal.
he has turned and seen gandhi standing slowly.
marley pricks up his ears, then trots to the bedside.
she's about to say something when -- kyle rushes into the room.
eddie goes over to the rack and takes a cue.
he looks to his right.
lois is in the driver's seat.
his tie is crooked.
don, an empty jigger in his hand, stands at the same spot, only now leaning with his back against the bar.
an open balcony running around two sides of the pool, sun- worshippers lying in deck-chairs.
the journalists write.
he pulls out a small laser device, which he zips neatly down the front of the man's clothes.
galadriel leans down towards frodo, offering her hand.
cal frowns, bewildered.
the kids watch uncertainly as jack takes the camera.
mary jane comes in.
charlotte smiles, delighted to be accepted by her sister.
all look at the emperor.
asael scrambles sideways, firing as he runs.
the children hesitate.
there is a moment's pause, and then the man in black dives at fezzik's chest, slams him several tremendous blows in the stomach, twists his arm severely, slips skillfully into a beautifully applied bear hug, and in general makes any number of terrific wrestling moves.
ugarte leaves the table just as the waiter comes up.
dot shrieks again, but this time muffles it with her own hand.
he catches up with her and they walk along down the street.
jenny is racked by sobs.
the sun is a pale glow behind the trees.
they head up a grand, white staircase.
ron swoops to save the shot.
some of the people run, others deliberately stand fast.
they sit on the swings facing in opposite directions.
camera precedes him.
dumbledore uses a spell to break his fall.
the gang of boys suddenly disperse in all directions.
david gently opens a closet door.
professor slughorn in gown and mortarboard acknowledges the applause.
a butler and may carry the overnight bags for the family as led by parrish, they hurry towards the helicopter.
they both take a seat on either side of a door in front of the lockers.
smiling, diana hands it to sandy.
he takes off his jacket and walks into the bathroom.
brian nudges his shoulder against the young players.
bond calmly changes gear.
tuvia walks up a leafy slope towards the old man filling the grave with earth.
octavius punches spider-man who falls down onto the street below.
harry gazes at the beautiful animal.
the heavy tank gun is slowly turned in tuvia and malbin's direction.
footing is treacherous on the narrow strip of green and greasy stones.
adam is listening carefully, trying to figure out where carson is standing, watching the ceiling.
the car rocks and the dude wrestles with the wheel.
he shakes it off.
she is still clutching the diary.
jane and casey are at gina's party in a busy, low lit club.
hundreds of lighted candles floating mid-air above their heads, below a moonlit sky.
neville freezes and falls over backwards.
denethor proffers his ring which pippin kisses.
indy approaches the half-open front door.
he moves toward the bed.
faramir and his soldiers lie in wait.
sandbagged in extreme, she gets up -- actually ready to leave.
now elise arrives at the cedar lake dance studio and faces a receptionist.
his head sways from side to side, looking for a reaction.
inside, the bingley sisters look at mary with barely disguised contempt.
early the next morning one of the jews comes up behind tuvia.
a cobra rears in the grass.
he hands benjamin a big roll of notes.
at the edge of the alley gittes looks back.
rebecca turns back to the pixie-like receptionist.
hedges are trimmed.
this belongs to a single woman, about forty years of age.
he draws near her, and she looks up at him.
in the studio, as the host leads jamal to his chair,
she burst through the bathroom door and finds celia sitting in a pool of blood.
behind him is a huge map, with overleafs and bold lettering.
flint's hand becomes sand and his fingers blow away in a fierce wind.
after he goes out he tests the door to make certain it is locked.
lee glances over her shoulder, then turns from the doorway and walks away.
when the final chest is open we see that there's a pit within holding a man the real alastor moody.
merrill moves to another set of shelves.
he unclips the leash and marley bounds down to the water.
wearing just a t-shirt, the girl gives a tentative smile as she straddles the boy's lap and brings her rosebud lipped mouth close to his faith.
prince humperdinck and the others reining in at the spot where buttercup promised ransom in exchange for her freedom.
women, cowering, are pushed from their home.
they drive off and thao keeps walking.
he draws his wand.
he lowers his glasses soberly, staring at them for a moment.
tarquin, holding a lamp, looks shell-shocked.
she peers mischievously into the water.
his hair is dark, with a small patch of jet white on the side.
there is an expression of triumph on her face.
he comes face to face with grandpierre, stops, turns to sit somewhere else.
zoe picks up the asparagus trimmings and drops them into a bin.
bill weasley rides a thestral, a winged, skeletal horse.
he got an elegant figure and top hat and overcoat.
he backs his chair up quickly toward the main cabinet on his left.
he starts out.
the rocking back fall stumble into the darkness nearby.
graham comes out of the bathroom dressed in black trousers and shirt, a white clerical collar around his neck.
in a washroom, her friend suze reads from rebecca's resume.
holden and alyssa shoot straight up, eyes struggling to focus.
she hurries through the crowd as her name is covered up on the theater front with a name of andrea rubin.
willie, looking down into the toilet, gives the lever a couple more clanking tries, and then grabs his beer and ambles off.
he struggles in vain to escape.
a man with a lifebelt runs up to the captain.
there is a moment of silence.
they walk back to the table, where a waiter is busy putting food on it, mostly on reggie's side.
she sighs heavily raising her eyebrows.
rose strokes jack's hair, then kisses his forehead.
he turns to alex resignedly.
marley lolls out of the window, ears flapping in the breeze as john clutches his hindquarters.
joe and the boys get out of the car fast and run across the street, zig-zagging between the enormous military vehicles.
jack drags a settee to the center of the room and places one pillow atop another.
gittes stares down at the papers in his hand.
a soldier has snatched him by the collar.
the night is warm with a bright moon.
the latter is tipsy.
the three men tumble, clanking, down the track embankment.
gittes looks a little surprised.
he walks past chattering students.
sam crawls to frodo who lies slumped against the rock-face.
with an inspiration, george dashes out the door and down the street.
a door swings open on the tug which is listing badly in the water.
sam goes closer to lila, speaks with soft seriousness.
in the church, a priest stands in the pulpit.
close on lester: his eyes narrow slightly, then: he cups her face in his hands and kisses her.
she draws back and smiles impishly.
the bed is neatly made.
at the sound of gunfire, the man looks quickly up to the roof.
norman licks his fingers and looks malevolently at the white haired aunt may.
all eyes turn to laura.
just after a postie wheels in the post trolley through the glass door, she spots her pink envelope among the stacks of mail.
he runs swirling down the street, clapping his hands, happy with relief.
barb is in the kitchen with pete and charlotte.
there is a movement reflected in the glass of the portrait.
rose gazes at jack as he draws.
awkwardly circling, evading franz's kicks.
mike's gaze is fixed on abby and colin as they go.
annie hurries to the door and tries to open it.
although the music is great, it's a little depressing and not working on her.
it engulfs everything and everybody.
he points at a man in a wheel-chair.
rick walks to the bar, picks up a bottle, and pours a drink.
carol chattering away.
outside, howard is bound to an inverted cross.
the queen moves towards the door.
lizzie takes a moment to consider her response.
sue and thao wear traditional hmong dress of lavishly embroidered clothing.
she emerges from the canopy of the boat and walks past him, climbing onto the harbor.
joe makes his way down the path from parrish's study, a weight on his shoulders, his step measured, within himself until he is hit by the lights and laughter and music of the party.
the crowd all flock to salieri with cries and words of approval.
she wanders off and he stares after her.
sadiki walks upstairs to his room.
marching in ragged.
ron unwraps a small cylindrical metal object.
nicks lies back, looking dreamy.
through the gap, harry sees the door.
he spots javier climbing into taylor's police car.
the girls stop and wait for annie.
benjamin unlocks his door and finds a note has been pushed under it.
bond rides through the busy docks standing in the saddle to look around.
they look back with horror.
a troop of elegant girls glide into the hall, dancing.
as he passes karl, the neo-nazi, karl reaches over and firmly grabs evan's crotch.
she glances down into it, pauses, drops the dress, reaches into the handbag, takes out the money-filled envelope, stares at it, almost with regret, filled contemplates hiding it, decides to, starts looking for a reasonable hiding place.
the wind blows the robe open.
the family is frozen with horror, remain seated.
forrest walks up to man #5 and grabs him and tosses him down on the ground.
they drive alongside a convertible, driven by a white chauffeur, with two black couples in the back drinking champagne.
jack and another crew member help rose climb into the boat.
jackie starts to pick the dog up.
robbie's eyes start to find.
the rickety caravan starts off down the street, to the cheers of the neighbors.
each has their allotted task: szpilman and henryk sort out carpets, father mirrors, regina linen, halina and mother, clothing.
his face lights up for a brief moment.
her hands go to her nose (which feels like it's on fucking fire), something is terribly wrong.
he turns back to ed.
before him on a coffee table is a list of names with a typed note attached to it.
sidney lopes off.
pursing his lips, he shifts his gaze and gives a stoic nod.
sandy enters and scans the room.
but the young man, spectacularly, is in front of him again.
a reverse angle reveals the colonel standing outside the door looking in, watching ricky with great tenderness.
up on the cliff, king george makes a fire by drilling a stick into a piece of wood, and some kindling.
one is an old gentleman, valjean.
the goon is beside potter's chair, as usual.
the thestrals fly on through the stormy night buffeted by strong winds.
holden chases after the bearded man who has holstered his gun.
they walk into the crowd, taking in the sights.
he closes in on the family, blasting back the creatures huddled around them.
his hair is disheveled and he is unshaved.
her head falls limp against his shoulder.
jane gets in the car.
a petite brunette in a gray suit leads him into a spacious office.
we look down a hallway to the front door.
holly turns to face her.
willie takes the report card.
then cal gets in the driver's seat of a rental truck,
moriarty takes out the notebook which holmes managed to switch in the munition factory.
whip squats and looks over the array of spirits.
handwritten notes fill every line.
sidney approaches rachel who stands by herself looking out over the city.
forrest removes his helmet.
kyle sees a young girl in a white party dress holding a balloon.
they watch the beatles on a black and white television.
aunt marge's eyes widen.
darcy holds lizzie in a steady, thoughtful gaze.
as they run along the corridor towards the hospital wing, dumbledore comes out and closes the door.
ryan takes it.
he thrashes about, pulling desperately at the arm locked around his neck, and makes another backward rush into the wall before falling forward onto his knees.
together, they wander a few steps without taking their eyes off of him.
he walks toward gittes who stands by the pond, smoking.
edward is dumbstruck.
the colorful restaurant is decorated with palms.
the corsac dodges her attack and punches her in the face.
it remains unmarked.
they stop what they're doing and turn their attention to the boat.
jeff holds the long-focus lens to his eye.
suddenly parrish's symptoms sharply intensify, he is sinking to the floor but somehow grabs a corner of the desk, holds on with one hand, with the other clutches at his shoulder and arm, the pain has violently seized the upper part of his body.
harry lies still.
she looks around, waves him in.
he tries to slow himself down.
a huge unfinished canvas, lit by standing industrial lights, dominates one wall.
sandy glances around, then slips inside the closing door.
the snowman pulls the arm off of a mannequin as he goes.
kyle takes a drag, pulls out his crumpled map.
the maintenance man grabs the door.
melvin nods -- a bit frustrated about not being able to finish his dog story.
he goes back to the big chair, throws himself down, exhausted.
he grimly shakes his head.
he sits by the window looking out at the passing scenery.
susan holds her hand out to him, he places the spoon in it and she sets the spoon on the table with the towels.
we follow them as they pass a sign that reads.
at the cut a new mercedes screeches through the frame and, as we hear it recede, we are left looking at the kid, who stands at the curb, waving happily.
daisy lies in bed, watching him.
barty crouch junior begins to run.
lockhart runs out.
the home nurse gives emily a questioning look.
then holds her arms out like wings.
the shelves are cluttered with all sorts of canned goods, extension cords, cleaning supplies, decorations, outdoor tools.
he turns his back to zuzu, pretending to be tinkering with the flower.
he notices a raised decoration on the side of it.
they sit as far apart as possible, a huge bunch of flowers between them.
rose steps toward jack.
a child looks out of the window at the man as he grabs a gas nozzle.
daisy lies down and watches him go.
frederick takes off his glasses.
kay slides down the bug's throat, bending it sideways as he kicks and screams his way down into its abdomen.
parties converge along metal walkways and staircases.
the boys approach the patil twins.
he finishes the spoonful.
javert rides up.
reaching up, edward shoves his hand into karl's mouth.
they walk up the drive.
the staff go into the cottage.
the great doors open and fred and george enter.
there is a long silence.
a hand descends firmly onto his shoulder.
rose smiles at jack.
dillinger holsters his gun.
the security men dismount and give chase on foot.
townspeople cheer her on as she rides past the hotel.
edward holds his ground.
as she does, the top parts company with her black trousers, and the man gazes at her exposed white midriff and the section of ivy tattoo climbing through the gap between top and trousers.
the elevator passes out of sight, still going down.
he composes himself and continues signing.
david lies on his back in bed and gazes out a window with a faraway look.
the commander stops, impaled on rambo's machete.
evelle is momentarily abashed, but then brightens.
he bumps on a porsche
a devious smile animates his lips, and the limbs walk in through the crumbling building.
they will fall!
barnes' eyes are fixed on the window and the curtain.
he holds out a broad-bladed dagger and points it in the direction of the dog which barks from behind the wire fence.
harry comes too.
they just miss the horse, which rears up.
their hands are tied behind them.
she remembers mr. darcy striding away from her.
zus dispatches him.
their blue silk uniforms flatter their slim figures.
motorcyclists follow them.
he pauses, letting his head fall back and she lowers it down to the mat again.
he examines his injury.
loomis sits in silence behind the hedge watching the myers house.
the blur on the screen slowly begins to take form.
prince philip climbs into bed next to the queen.
hannah, licking her fingers, walks past holly.
willie looks around awkwardly.
a great deal of laughter follows this gem.
ricky opens the door.
later, walt is busy mowing his front lawn.
the bearded crewman stares into a visor as he pilots snoop dog through.
from his own boat, he tosses the lighter into the pirate boat, which bursts into flame.
the glint of the knife coming down fast.
wickham just smiles at him.
dumbledore raises his hand.
elise steps from the dance studio into the night air, and makes her way down the sidewalk.
david's neighborhood turns crimson as the day comes to an end.
he wheels himself over to television and turns it off.
his hand pressed on the girl's head.
his gun is held shakily in his left hand.
each level rises -- the city reaches a height of nearly 1000 feet on its topmost level.
they get out and walk towards wilson's garage, where a crowd has gathered.
graham looks down at the doorknob.
don enters, looks around the apartment, which is still in utter disorder.
she closes her eyes and smiles as he puts the record on.
lindsey sits up next to tommy and hugs him.
he picks a white russian off the bedside table.
grimsrud says nothing.
in the shop the assistant peers down at elijah.
the tollkeeper becomes increasingly nervous.
he desperately conceals his reaction; he thinks ben has betrayed him.
she gets off and undoes the strap on her blue helmet that has eyes painted on it.
regina looks out to the sun and the aircraft parked on the tarmac.
they start up the stairs.
hannah, in the background, is busy by the stove.
a doctor stands close with his hand up pete's hospital gown.
eddie goes toward the door.
cho looks up as something green and white appears above their heads.
pippin throws down his sword, kicks and lunges at boromir, tackling him to the ground.
jenny emerges from her bedroom out of a landing.
playing air guitar, charlotte advances toward sadie's bed, then retreats to the doorway and flings one arm out.
tony looks down, to where edgar's hands rest on the counter.
glass cases filled with guns line the walls.
huge sails are unfold, and the great ship glides smoothly towards the school.
they accompany him.
hannah strides into the pantry area and flops the vegetables down on the counter.
later, under a gray sky beneath spreading trees in full summer leaf, a crowd of mourners shelter under their umbrellas in silence.
out of black swirling battle.
she frantically pushes herself away from the approaching boy.
peter hauls him into a pummeled wall.
the last photo is of the real bielski otriad posing for the camera.
he begins to pick the leaves, then holds the bunch out to zoe.
the students keep shooting.
they repack them in crates, which are, in turn, loaded onto military lorries.
facing a mirror, dillinger drags a razor down his lathered cheek.
he then explodes in jubilance.
charlie exits an elevator carrying three coffees.
he swapped a loaf for the package.
joe moves forward.
drew is still at parrish's heels, but now parrish stops at the open door, turns back to him, reminding drew that this is as far as he goes without being invited.
at dusk, the titanic trails black smoke from its four smoke stacks, the funnels, as it sails toward the setting sun.
he pushes george toward the door.
stealthily he picks them up.
as soon as he sees her enter, he leaps up from his seat.
a blond thug tosses an apple.
they come face to face.
he takes it and pulls it on.
he starts to push holmes off the balustrade towards a rocking back falls.
the old man's face is serene, almost happy, as he lies on a stretcher.
he steps back over the picket fence and returns to the workshop.
his world drops away.
the big black limousine glides away, leaving george standing with his arm around mary, gazing broodingly after it.
jack, heartsick, watches his son, on the verge of letting go.
she carries the baby into the retirement home lounge.
neff closes the garage door.
jeep slowly opens his eyes.
he lowers his gun on him.
narcissa malfoy pulls lucius back.
edward emerges from the forest, brushing the last cobwebs off and shaking the spiders from his shirt.
they move apart.
a truck passes down the street.
forrest stands up nervously, causing lenore to fall down on the floor.
the cardinals gathered inside look up at the great painted ceiling of the sistine chapel as it begins to crack.
she comes to a street on the other end.
he scrutinizes the photo, nods and smiles.
he reaches into his pocket pulls out his cigarette case, takes a pick out of the side and starts to fool with the lock.
he fills his patrol car and opens the candy bar.
she regards the bouquet of white daisies he's given her.
it's robbie pedaling through the night.
forrest cuts and runs toward the sidelines.
the gunman makes his escape.
the queen holds a mobile phone and dials a number.
the bear knees chili in the gut, then shoves him out on to the balcony.
bubba continues talking about shrimp in his slow southern drawl.
it's painted to blend in with the rocks below.
he sits in and picks up his phone.
he continues to talk to her as she remains offscreen in a nearby row.
a canvas-topped open touring car (circa 1910) pulls out from a turning between two factory buildings and comes towards them.
he puts the car in drive.
he undoes the white bow.
he leaves the toilets.
galadriel suddenly seems to rise in stature before frodo's eyes.
keyes, staring at him, still does not answer.
sing song drives his wagon in to the water.
rose closes her eyes and leans her head against their entwined hands.
in the background we see what looks like an office set up.
emily drives her suv along her leafy, suburban street and turns into her driveway.
harry then turns back to chili.
abby and mike spin around to look at him.
sylvie regards the devastated table before following.
frodo cannot see gollum in the murky tunnel.
salim eventually overpowers the smaller jamal and ejects him from the room.
he points to the chair on the other side of the coffee table.
cal has loads of shopping bags.
her wand shoots out a snake which twists round greyback's neck.
rick and carl sit by the bar and look over ledgers.
he's staring at the little girl playing noughts and crosses with the toy clown on the television test-card.
hermione watches lavender simpering over ron.
dumbledore feebly tries to reach his own wand.
in the cramped space, szpilman is not quite able to stretch full out.
he stands and stares at the high-back chair with its padded leather arms, which sits empty behind the desk.
he pulls her hair.
slughorn's head appears.
tight on randal's face as he steps inside.
they are showered with broken glass.
in the bedroom his wife appears walking back to the bed, followed by the husband.
he gestures awkwardly to juno's belly.
mary goes to the phone, picks it up.
madame thenardier sees that cosette far from going is hiding behind the far wall.
a squad car drives up in front of enrique, and a policeman approaches him.
eyeing one, then the other, sylvie sizes up the situation and rises.
ron gets up reluctantly, his shirt hanging out.
he glances at two policemen who are talking casually, absorbed in their own gossip -- then he looks back at another tonga that pulls up just behind his.
rising through the early morning light, slowly, steadily, and as the cliff top at last comes within reach.
he crosses to her and grabs her chin again.
in the hall, the rest of the agents stand aside as he passes with the weakened woman.
he lowers it and sees the diner up ahead.
theoden stands in the golden hall, gravely listening to gandalf.
banky freezes up.
she cradles baby benjamin.
a rapid montage of items -- a newspaper article, a coast road, snapshots of ben, sarah jenson's funeral card.
she throws a little brown jacket over her hair and leaves.
he re-directs nehru toward a trough where two or three goats are tethered, but he keeps right on talking.
she turns and holds up the syringe packet for the benefit of the suspicious agent.
ryan throws out his hand and smiles.
inserts a knife blade into a hole in the detonator and turns it.
snape abruptly leaves the astronomy tower.
he smiles smugly.
a wooden hut is destroyed.
the rumble builds, louder and louder, until it is snapped off by a click.
a woman is tossed about.
many more jurors raise their hands.
debbie sees the punch and gasps, realizing it's pete.
as he goes on speaking, slow dissolve to.
zoe's peeling asparagus spears.
jackson spots noah sending a text on a cell phone
sarah steps out of the house as drover sits down on the fence and lights a cigarette.
he is standing high in the mountains, near a pass.
he offers an unconvincing smile.
he sprints down a hill.
he slides down a chute into a bag.
he spoons chopped peppers into one pan, melts butter in another, and turns up the music with a remote.
he turns the corner to the hall, there is a row of fresh, bloody palm-prints down one side of the hall.
the basement is lined with metal shelves.
there is evidently something on her mind.
with that last job done, there's no reason for him to be staying any longer.
her eyes full of tears, she gives him a faint smile.
a gray sky is reflected in the river.
fireworks explode in the shape of a spiritedly leprechaun dancing a jig.
smiling victoriously, sophie stalks into the room from the adjacent balcony.
the coroner takes notes.
he leaves, angry and frustrated.
then jeff moves back a little to look her straight in the eye.
dodging traffic, he crosses the road until he is hit by another car.
simon looks up, his mood turning on a dime -- he's rapt.
lizzie's breath is taken away by the sheer splendor of the classical, stately home.
sitting at the typewriter is a man in his late 30s with dark hair and a neat mustache.
the wall is filled with family photos, happier times.
reggie running, the elevator following.
jay looks down at the creature cooing and nestling on his chest.
president wilson looks up as he hears the noise of water.
he picks it up, examines it, then marches into another section of the secret chamber.
bubba's chest has been blown open.
he lies at queenie's bedside.
malfoy flings the remembrall away with all his might.
her tray is empty.
now david rides on a coast guard boat as it takes a high splash.
the mother is shot in the back and drops to the ground.
onto the roof of a car, rolls off it and hits another vehicle.
through the kitchen window, he notices a light in the big house.
he moves to a chair and sits.
the living room is empty.
jessie plops food onto her forehead with a fork.
harling puts on his shades.
the crowd is stunned.
ben, wearing his customary gray suit and shirt and tie, enters emily's bedroom carrying the gift.
moody chases him off.
they react to the sight of gandhi -- fun.
downstairs the last of the store employees file out the door past an old security guard.
he tries to find the source of the noise.
catherine cocks an eyebrow at nick.
sandy goes over and opens the door.
the guests are in their places as the bride makes her way up the aisle.
she answers her cell.
merry looks on in shock.
debbie is sitting on the couch.
gandhi turns to mirabehn.
she presses down, forces the car to move on through the flooded road.
close on gandhi, his arms crossed in front of his face, staring up, frightened, but determined to bear it.
leo gets really uncomfortable now.
he reels, momentarily losing his grip on her.
mr. orange lies perfectly still, except for his chest heaving.
he has his shoes shined and hires a car.
evan, twenty, wakes up with a bloody nose.
they seem very unhappy.
instantly, we again hear its lyrical strains.
gatsby notices nick watching him and checks himself.
bob's car sits there on the street.
as jack holds onto her dress, rose slowly lifts her heels and rises onto her toes.
daisy's chest heaves as she breathes deeply.
aron looks at them both in shock.
following the line of the river thames as it winds through the city.
a dark haired crewman supervising the operation glances back toward the site of the wreck.
and finally carol notes melvin's mood and pauses.
losing their grip, draco and blaise fall.
he takes out his cellphone and looks at the display.
the front door slowly opens.
jackson and the kids approach a dead, rotting stag.
professor mcgonagall and ginny stare upwards, as parts of the shield start to burn.
he has a facial scar.
the cable car lands safely on the barge, mj still clinging to it.
but it is a line that winds through masses of prisoners, some with bowls, eating, some not yet in the line.
in shock, the guy holds up his hands.
stepping back into the past, harry reappears in a school corridor.
alex and ryan slow dance together.
the banging goes on for a few seconds and then it just stops.
jude falls and is writhing on the floor.
peter gawps at her retreating figure.
bo steps out of the closet and looks into the family room.
it is completely dark now, night.
jack glances at wide eyed rose.
the mayor goes to the lectern.
as they struggle they fall against the rotating wall and disappear into the next room, leaving a frightened henry behind.
jonah now sits with elizabeth.
debbie sees pete on the bed, his legs up in the air.
the balding man from the front desk leads other men in and clouds dillinger with the butt of a rifle.
she fires off her gun.
george lets clarence go, and runs off.
randal has a heart-to-heart with veronica.
parrish is in shock, still striving to gain control of himself.
and carry him back towards the watch tower.
isildur turns and walks away.
day becomes night.
just then the door opens and it's ilsa.
kate takes a box from his bag.
his eyes fill with tears of self-pity.
and picks up a mug.
desai, gandhi's new male secretary, is with them.
wearing a tight smile, she doesn't look at him.
slow motion: looking down on swiftly flowing water.boromir's body slides under camera.
she picks up a truffle and sniffs it.
she introduces alicia to janne.
walt glances over at thao sitting on his own, looking miserable.
the table makes a loud noise, but it's too chaotic on the floor for anyone to notice.
isildur snatches up the broken blade of narsil.the blade severs sauron's fingers.
jane is at her father's store.
the boys start selling fruit, nuts, even balloons to passengers on the train.
there are about twelve directors seated around a long table.
and as his warriors attack-- inigo goes wild, and maybe the warrior's are good, maybe they're even better than that--but they never get a chance to show it because this is something now, this is inigo gone mad and the six-fingered sword has never flashed faster and the fourth warrior is dead before the first one has even hit the floor.
professor flitwick punches the air, then looks around self- consciously.
he fingers a pack of cigarettes in his shirt pocket, pulls it out, looks at it.
soldiers fly into the air.
beside it are photos of mary jane, uncle ben, and aunt may.
the body is carried towards the fire.
the man stops withdrawing the gun and appraises his passengers.
he looks at her in mute surprise.
he propels his chair backward quickly, and stella moves to the side with surprising agility.
yule mae picks up the plates.
he steps on the cigarette.
two small hobbits are sitting on the smashed wall .merry and pippin!
michael looks up at the ceiling.
he downs his bourbon, weaves a bit, bends over the table, and awkwardly pokes at the white cue ball with his stick, missing an easy shot.
inside, baby face approaches a couple eating dinner.
he pushes open the door.
closing the door behind him, he walks into the apartment.
sam and lila are alone now, at the curb, before the deserted chapel.
grim faced, harry and draco approach each other.
the camera moves from holly back to the executives in the audience.
as reggie steps out of her cabin and starts looking in the others.
a boy buys some.
again every step is agony.
he steps to a closed door and listens.
she sails out into the garden.
frodo is downcast.
another limb smashes through a table and clamps onto a man's face, then tosses him across the room.
ben watches it.
she reaches the table and presents cal with the bill.
gandalf looks on in horror as orcs hack into the trunk with axes.
the dusk is slipping away into darkness.
he passes lizzie,
security guards spot the boys and chase them off.
slyly he plays the opening measure of mozart's eine kleine nachtmusik.
neville longbottom picks up his lost brown toad.
he arrives at his ex-wife kay's house.
angela shoots a wide-eyed look at jane, who ignores it.
a small girl sits on snotty santa's knee.
now in the room, the younger daughter plays a larger keyboard.
cedric aims his wand at viktor and knocks him unconscious.
miranda's eyes travel down andy's body, taking in her plaid skirt, black tights, and fixing on her sensible, black flat shoes.
sam has entered the room and stands behind frodo.
a chinese ventriloquist is on stage with his communist puppet.
harry draws back into the hedge as viktor shines the lighted end of his wand straight into harry's face.
george and clarence come flying through the door and land in the snow.
a nazi soldier falls from the tank as bullets explode around him.
he nods.
gandhi moves through the silent crowd, his hands in the pranam, bowing a little to either side.
he is puzzled; constanze has disappeared.
almost at the door to the entrance hall, helen turns back.
graham turns back to the table and takes a bite of pizza, while merrill, morgan, and bo continue looking out at the street.
jamal's mother lies face down in the pool.
he stands in front of valjean.
the queen stares at the phone for a moment.
he wears the dark suit (the one he wore to the opera) and as his eyes shift from helen to the coat, he is just tying his tie.
mr. bennett joins mrs. bennett at the dining table, where she's eating with relish.
she sits down on the couch with nathan jr.as hi starts screwing the camera into a tripod.
his lips frame their names as he greets them.
the dude runs up the road toward the bridge, frantically waving the satchel in the air.
the bielskis swarm towards the german soldier sprawled on the ground.
finally, he leaves the room, goes into the living room, back into the kitchen and has another drink.
a bullet from school boy decapitates the machine-gunner.
hermione clasps her hands to her ears.
the prisoner's hit and goes down.
other diners are seen in the background; a waiter is taking the order of a couple sitting on a banquette; other waiters clear off a table.
bilbo is greeting visitors.
a jackrabbit is bounding away at the far end of the field.
looking at more flowers and notes.
ben, dressed differently again, sits in a chair by his desk.
joe watches with mounting alarm.
mr. bennett closes the door behind her.
with the alligator under her left arm, she hauls open the garage door and stares at a scene of devastation.
jenny, with marley, joins the other trainers.
the man in the orange uniform walks in the driving rain down a residential city block.
gatsby circles the cottage in a bright-yellow duesenberg coupe.
edwards is the last one out of the room, but he stops as he steps into the hallway.
gabriel tosses jeep aside and draws a knife as he advances on him.
forrest walks into the room and sits down next to forrest jr.
a beat, then sandra stands.
they hurry towards a distant door.as goblins start scuttling down the pillars behind them, like cockroaches!
maynard and zed come through the curtains.
david glances at her; he reaches down for a bottle of wine.
bespectacled president roosevelt removes his trilby.
we see three or four black flags and stains of blood on many of them.
harry closes his eyes, and takes a deep breath.
he is galvanised into action, puts on a crumpled jacket, grabs his tattered coat and scarf, collects up a few of his things, stuffs them into a paper bag.
but she is already sitting into the chair opposite with a sigh of relieved weight.
a horse-drawn paddy wagon is drawn up beside them.
harry walks off, leaving hermione and ron looking bewildered.
off screen, the shape is strangling the dog in mid-air.
she delivers the pancakes to sean, who is with his twin boys.
most of the faces are gaunt and lean.
the royal family staff watch the broadcast.
the symbiote devours brock's face.
willie is struck dumb.
the ntsb officer places a recorder on whip's bed.
harry walks aside a fuming lupin, who grips the map fiercely.
he sees his broomstick far below.
she keeps her eyes on the road but she's holding the steering wheel so tightly, her knuckles are white.
he puts down the pen, gets up, stands the letter conspicuously on the desk, picks up the revolver, gets the cartridges from the drawer and loads the gun.
vogel sees that a motorboat is missing.
forrest continues to stare at forrest jr.
she sorts through a stack of sandy's cards.
he wants to throw that locket away, out of sight.
tuvia comes down through some trees, his gun held loosely in his hand.
gittes leans on the open door of his car and in to evelyn.
purvis glances at the other interrogator, then lifts billie from the chair and carries her out.
jay and kay cross back toward the lad (landed alien display), where each of the thousand or so aliens who live on earth are represented by a flickering light.
peter snatches it up.
henryk hits the set.
the man looks to the bartender for his answer.
they walk towards the courtroom.
he starts off.
daisy joins benjamin outside in the early morning light.
as the truck drives away down the dusty road, drover hauls daisy's body from the tank.
the manager sees jamal appear on the screen.
this makes the boxer laugh out loud.
tension instantly builds between them.
strangely, the three laundresses do not answer, though they do smile at him as they continue to sing.
jeff smiles at catching doyle enjoying miss torso.
jeff asks, eagerly and alertly.
harry turns back to the stove and pours his egg.
jackson and kate follow gordon's gaze out of the windscreen.
holmes remembers back to earlier.
she sips a glass of white wine, and glances at the vibrating briefs, and considers for a moment.
handing asael the connected belts.
fleur shows them into a room.
clayton presides over a staff meeting.
a security guard leads them through a busy, open plan office.
barnes breaks suddenly and backs up.
marius sits beneath it.
a burst exposes a fuel cell in the wall.
suddenly the civilian breaks away and starts to run wildly down the street.
octavius turns, his face grim and somber.
merrill stares wearily up the staircase, climbing the first two steps.
in the large spider eyes on the mask, a reflection appears in each, in one mj falling, and in the other the cable car full of screaming, frightened children.
she opens the window door, and we see dave on the street, in a neck brace.
the glass freezes halfway to his mouth.
he walks to the door.
he plows into the corn and charges through it.
riding away.
facing forward, they do not see lenny approaching again through the rear window.
the next day three land rovers drive away from balmoral.
as the centaur leaves them, they look sadly at the body of the dead unicorn.
cole holds her stare with trembling eyes.
the old man in the wheelchair grips the arms of the chair and tries desperately to stand.
martin sits down and fans the air in front of him.
affecting a suave smile, he takes his seat facing her and leans on the bar.
with her eyes lowered, she takes it from him.
first a small, mumbled pep talk to himself.
from within the mountain temple, the roar of walls caving in is heard.
marius is stopped as he exits the front door of the gorbeau tenement by a passing carriage.
horses rearing in terror as rohan soldiers try to quieten them.
nick stares down, brow creased.
as javed steps into the living room, latika puts an apron over jamal's neck.
before an answer comes, tommy smiles at his good fortune and swings the plank, hitting evan's head.
baby face swerves to avoid incoming shots.
the yard is a wild tangle of prairie grass and wild flowers.
elijah jams his walking stick into the extra thick carpet and stops.
she frowns.
jane and lizzie look nervous as the two gentlemen enter and bow.
elven arrows smash into the uruk-hai.
as smokie stares down the rifle's barrel, he reconsiders.
he fumbles in his pocket.
later, the pair are tidying up.
gatsby looks up at the sky.
push in on nelec's face, understanding his true nature.
he steps out with a rifle and hands a machine gun to his accomplice.
indy is ushered into a large art deco apartment and left alone.
jackson smiles and waves to lily as she goes inside.
as he reviews troops.
jack finds preston reading a magazine.
drover escorts sarah to the pub through the cheering mob.
mr. blonde shoots mr. white with his finger.
it is the same locked-down shot over the gumballs.
marge is on her hands and knees by a body down in the ditch, again looking at footprints in the snow.
he gets reluctantly out of the car.
she sits down heavily, tiredly, on the arm of the couch as the movie cuts to several framed photographs on the mantel.
then loomis' pov moves back to lonnie at the front door.
on the bridge, smith leans over the railing and gazes down at the flooding bow and front well deck.
we see mr. orange, now known as freddy newendyke, wearing a high school letterman jacket, enter the coffee shop, spot holdaway, and head his way.
jim looks up from the book.
underwater harry casts a spell which propels him towards the surface, he flies out and lands on the decking where the crowd are.
we reveal that everyone at the party (except pete) is still standing in the foyer.
her name is alyssa.
ducking and diving, a gryffindor grabs the quaffle and flies with it.
her long, dark hair in a plait which is curled around her long, slender neck.
sydney listens at the door.
inside the ship a ceiling collapses as several support columns failed
he goes around the table.
yaxley walks away.
evan walks over to the piano, where several framed family photographs sit in a line on its top.
she becomes cadaverous.
bob is hunched over the steaming sink, pounding a can of light beer.
the plaza is covered in its dense blanket.
enjolras, marius and courfeyrac and other students climb onto the top of the carriage as the horses and led by combeferre.
he hobbles along as jenny yells after him.
the neon sign above the door is brightly lit.
she picks up the check and looks at it.
she heads along a path through the pretty ornamental gardens outside her apartment building.
hi sits at the other corner and ed sits in a facing chair.
she walks past mickey to a nearby cabinet.
at the military airbase, a chopper lands in front of a hangar.
ernie pulls a lever.
he whacks everett into a semi-conscious heap and then paws through his pockets.
forrest tries to run along the road, but his braces makes it impossible.
the cart driver and the foreman are trying to lift the cart off the crushed man, but it's too heavy, and the ground is too soft.
lights went off as the crashes water occluded the arc
gittes enters and closes the door.
hertz employees swipe his loyalty card through card-reading machines.
david's eyes slowly move from the ground over his right and then finally onto the man.
forrest jumps down into the crowd and runs.
skeeter is inside, watching them through a window.
he sees jude sitting in the corner.
she stuffs the whole sausage roll into her mouth at once.
it clamps down automatically.
he stops, gets out and opens the boot.
harry sits beside a table piled with camping equipment.
he tenses his jaw muscles then hands back the check to the host.
at the front, the giant spider like alien is busy trying to reach in to get nelec.
keyes is wearing his vest and hat, no coat.
they all laugh.
he gazes at the flickering flame.
wrapped in a blanket, her face pale, she looks up as she is dazed in green light.
a lawman shuts a door, showing an isolated cellblock.
harry stares back, trying to figure out who this guy is.
he then turns to face the others.
cole begins to back away.
harry just smiles, sits down at the desk, things already not going too well, about to get worse.
nitti listens to the radio.
he takes the new bottle from his pocket and, sinking into the big chair, starts opening it.
the minister holds it out in a cloth.
holmes lights a flaming brand.
morning, at ksxp, stuart looks anxious.
they hold each other tight.
she rummages behind her and finds a crumpled receipt.
they stop to catch their breath.
elise balances on one foot, bends over, and briefly flutters her other foot high behind her.
neff's car comes into the shot and stops near the attendant.
whip pushes fran to the floor.
he climbs out of the limo
graham has one hand on morgan's chest, the other gripping his son's shoulder.
the doors rattle in the gale.
lawrence gives her a glass of champagne, then kisses her on the cheek and walks away.
he finds a cowboy hat with a red flower on the brim.
harry listens at the door.
moody hangs up and turns to murdoch as he runs to the bridge door.
he throws his drink.
nelec comes to the door.
the crowd is facing a pair of gaint video screens that stand at one side of the park.
a huge wave of sand spreads across the top of the lorry and forms into a gigantic hand which crumbles on the police gun fight.
dillinger keeps his eyes fixed on her.
the boys escape up the stairs.
families are separated.
shimon is brought up onto the meadow on a stretcher.
george touches his wand to the parchment and intricate ink lines surface in the fiber of the paper, spread like veins.
he throws himself against the wall and huddles beside it.
she drowns in her thoughts.
beside him is a giant.
but fergus stands and walks quietly over to the wardrobe where the soldier's things are.
he looks up at mirabehn as she mounts the steps, and nods.
she combs her hair.
he looks over the gate, at the overgrown garden.
don goes to the glass, holds the two bottles upside down over it.
the salesman hands him a bag and steps out of the shot towards the cash register.
the visitor's body is rushed to a medical facility.
an elderly woman appears on the landing.
rose stands between cal and her mother.
he's lying on a carpet of dead leaves in a forest.
a sign is seen.
the wands fly from their hands.
constantine slaps an arm around skeeter's shoulders.
she lays her hand on his.
and finally we see gandhi lying on the weapon-carrier, surrounded by flowers, a tiny figure in this ocean of grief and reverence.
the camera is seated on her desk in the corner.
he moves slowly on.
he pulls out a vicious-looking knife with a serrated blade from a sheath.
as a station wagon rolls up the street, evan and kayleigh duck in nearby bushes.
she's about to walk away, when.
she just looks at him, turns and walks out.
he chews some gum and looks resentfully around the bar.
as she backs away from him, his gaze remains on lizzie.
elliot walks quickly into the darkened hallway.
the ghost stands in the doorway.
standing outside hagrid's deserted cottage.
they pull off at a place down on the right all lit up with neon.
now it's eddie's voice we hear calling out the shots.
the song seems to be aimed at whoever she's looking at.
thorwald's apartment is empty, stripped of its furnishings.
two villagers come out of an inn behind them.
mia wraps her lips around the straw of her shake.
at home, sue takes a sauce bottle from the fridge and hands it to thurmond.
javed snatches the remote control and changes the channel.
the captain signals to his helmsman, who fires up the engine.
caroline bingley paces the room, holding an open book in her hands.
the lights are off.
at the cemetery, joe and cary climb down a rope into the tunnel that the alien has built.
butch glances to his right, his eyes fall on something.
robbie lets his head flop onto his hands.
the lighting is beautiful.
he writes utility belt then puts the lines for it.
the camera has reached the executives in the audience.
humperdinck is all over the rocky ground, and maybe he isn't the best hunter in the world.
a cow has taken refuge on its roof.
tom takes a position against the wall, fishes a pair of walnuts from his pocket and -- crack -- crushes the shells between his palms.
she puts down the cup she's washing and goes to the door and sees kevin through the peephole.
and the shot becomes black and white, and we hear the music of movietone news.
his eyes glazed with tears, graham stares at the alien as it rocks back and forth, leaning over its captive hanging limply over its arm.
the captain stops, glances at the lifebelt, then walks off.
thao starts to walk away.
butch looks hard at zed.
graham looks up at merrill in shock.
norton looks disapprovingly at keyes' shirt sleeves.
bathed in cold moonlight, the world lies dark and still.the unsettled quiet before the storm.
on a low platform, edward pitches a brilliant new product to the crowd.
the walls are green and silver, the roof gold and in its midst is the trunk of the might mallorn tree, now tapering toward its crown.
he points to the game show on tv.
he feels the side of his head, the blood soaking his hand.
all except nullah, who continues to stare, transfixed, at the screen.
two safety guys stand by.
up scatters the birds, hops down the beach full of sun bathers, and runs along the shoreline with john in pursuit.
gandhi turns to mirabehn, his face shaking, peering into her eyes.
standing beside the table is tall dark-haired madame maxime.
eddie steps inside the warehouse.
sarah walks up the gangplank.
vogel pulls himself back atop the tank armed again with the shovel which he swings at indy, who ducks and grabs vogel's arm.
gittes is seated, flips through the paper until he finds the obituary column, scans it, looks up, abruptly tears the column from the paper and puts it in his pocket.
as indy winds up to punch vogel he catches brody in the face on the backswing, then completes the movement and knocks vogel down.
he knocks a man out of his way, then shoots again.
they are approaching the hole in the ground.
he turns and checks behind him.
pippin scrambles on to the back of gandalf's wagon, snatching up a small firework.
he goes toward the window.
it fells another tree just behind holmes and misses him by a whisker.
he pushes the warden into the hall while his accomplice restrains a deputy.
everybody freaks as howard crumbles to the floor.
the mansion is deserted.
clenching his wand, he sits beside hermione, snowflakes start to fall.
holly waves her napkin at april, then holds up her wine glass.
the wind rises, blowing dust before it.
she is looking up at a lightening sky.
he uses both hands to steady the plastic beaker.
she's soaked through.
holding a baby, he snaps at marley, who's paws up on the breakfast table and taking an interest in patrick's food.
jenny takes a gold necklace out of a box.
so too does the drooling hound.
the eyes are gone from their sockets, the bridge of the nose has collapsed, the hair is dry and wild, the cheeks are sunken, the leathery-brown skin is powdered and rouged and flaky.
professor mcgonagall smiles warmly at dumbledore as he takes his seat again.
darcy is striding towards pemberley, his wet shirt clinging to his broad chest.
joseph starts pressing the trigger.
strider stares at pippin blankly, then turns away, shaking his head.
karl looks at the dirt road, wary.
he giggles.
she starts to get out of bed.
the officer's face becomes a rictus grimace as rambo's fingers dig deep into the cartilage and bone at the man's neck.
he sees harry up there with mj who's wearing a high-colored chinese dress.
he puts his finger to his lips and then opens the door to the corridor.
when they separate, she has tears hanging in her eyes.
the car careens towards us; then swings into the sideyard as we pan, and stops.
the handsome europeanized nehru now wears an indian tunic -- much like the one that gandhi once wore.
once again, spider-man out front takes the strain.
rick gets up, followed by ferrari.
he picks up a stone.
she crosses to the window and looks out toward the wallace house.
coming downstairs, ginny spots harry's trunk and white owl.
audrey tries to mask her reaction to the oddness of the question.
joe walks back around his desk and sits in his chair.
minnie moves towards her.
in moving picture, dumbledore closes the massive doors of hogwarts school.
walker comes to his side, looking out over the bay and city, truly impressed.
jack and rose run to an elevator.
she is almost past him when he catches her hand and pulls her towards him.
slowly camera booms down to laurie waiting outside her house by the street.
a beat while she considers.
he looks up in alarm.
he moves carefully with the spoon over to the table.
don holds out the bill.
he goes out.
the two old friends stare defiantly at each other.
pete does magic tricks for the waiter.
ben pulls up at emily's.
he points across the bay.
and the photo whip took of nicole at his house covers the board.
his face is locked in a grimace as he brings the bar down to his chest and back up again two times before dropping it onto the armrest.
she goes back out again.
he chuckles to himself as lovejoy appears.
he turns it in his fingers.
he has his golden egg on the side.
his leg, under the cast, begins itching.
halfbreed runs after him but indy leaps from the boxcar onto some covered boxes stacked on a flatcar.
howard is there a few feet away.
as she joins them she evidently starts to explain.
a doorman with a cudgel beats away the beggars from the door as halina, distraught and out of breath, runs to the cafe entrance.
she is in her early twenties.
she pulls the hood down over him.
celia's brought a drink.
mr. bingley glares at his sniggering sisters.
george is very conscious of her, close to him.
georgiana spies her brother, her face breaks into a smile.
a couple of yards ahead, an agent on the phone sits at his desk, unaware of dillinger's presence.
spider-man elbows goblin in the face then breaks free.
she fights back tears.
parrish is startled, he regards joe carefully.
sam arriving at the stone doorway of sammath naur leading into the mountain!
aragorn turns to look at theoden.
her hand meets his as he grasps her right thigh.
mike looks away, and abby studies him for a moment.
debbie opens the door, dressed in a slinky outfit.
the queen walks over to a desk.
the sun sets on the darkening plains and hills.
we see countless and brief image flashes of evan growing up from the age of thirteen with no arms, and requiring a.
he picks up the hand mike for the radio and, as he does, a hand with a gun comes in his car window.
the skiptracer holds his gun up to the window.
a sinister man drives a stake through a woman's stomach.
minas tirith is restored.
jamal shakes his head.
the figures, through the slightly distorted glass of the mask of mrs. arnold and mrs. braddock, watching and smiling; the neighbors on each side of the house, looking over their fences and laughing and pointing; mr. arnold nodding encouragement and talking; mr. braddock on his knees, smiling and trying to reach out far enough to push us under.
the stone warriors march down steps to the courtyard.
he's just about to answer his own question when he sees a hand go up.
the second hand, still running backwards.
his face lights up as he sees alison, reclining on a blanket, beside a man and a woman.
she advances on buttercup now, who is more and more panicked.
resting his head on his hand,
joe runs past the flaming debris, a piece of which is flung into the air, then crashes down just in.
findley puffs on his cigarette as he looks at the impatient face of bert, slouching in the chair across from him.
louise fires two shots into the police radio.
marge looks around at the road.
featuring the two british soldiers -- later -- on the edge of the crowd, staring off, their faces now brightly lit by darting flames.
they park up at a part of town with tall townhouses.
a huge shadow, surrounded by flame, falls across the hall.the ground shakes.an unearthly sound rumbles.
carolyn sits at a table, lost in thought.
lt. dan falls out of his wheelchair and lands down on the floor.
as the audience members settle their eyes back toward the front, the lights fade down and a new story begins.
as spider-man approaches swinging from building to building, the metal rail falls loose from the wall and buckles, swinging gwen out above the streets hundreds of feet below.
we move to the door and get a view of vanessa's bedroom.
martin draws his gun.
the weasley brothers and hagrid use their wands to magically raise the huge tent.
their eyes lock.
at the adjustment bureau, an aide hurries up to thompson.
a man hangs crucified on a timber frame.
then uses his web to leap out of reach.
he reaches carl and grabs a chair.
he picks the mobile up.
jenny realizes that he is looking at her.
don lets helen go, staring at wick, panic in his eyes.
a waiter lights a cigarette for her.
once andy's gone, miranda turns back to stare after her and snatches up the coffee.
charlotte is licking her fingers.
george spots him.
he picks up his drink and cologne,
carl looks up.
lester looks back at us; his eyes are lifeless, but he's smiling the same slight smile.
he glares at jamal.
azad gives a gentle salaam.
she lifts her wand.
ryan puts his jacket and shoes back on, zips up his case, pulls out the handle, and walks off with it.
she then turns indoors.
jenny turns and walks out.
whip closes the door.
irene's tea was poisoned.
neff and lola driving along the beach near santa monica.
dumbledore watches him go.
suddenly suspicious, snape turns around.
she's sitting at a restaurant table.
in the otherwise dark house, one window is lighted.
she goes over to the stretcher and bends down, petting rosenberg's cat gently.
humiliated, angela starts to cry.
marcus hides behind the hand cart and takes pot shots at the cops who return fire.
the camera pans down and we now see that the old lady with the hearing aid is leaning over the fence admonishing the dog.
he looks earnestly at klaatu, who considers him without emotion.
hi is suddenly nervous and urgent.
the sedan drives into the shot and stops without pulling over to the curb.
frank is talking to the sweet-faced woman.
a very well-put together woman of forty, she wears color-coordinated gardening togs and has lots of useful and expensive tools.
the small crowd begins to chant and jeer in dante's face.
watson breaks cover.
peter and brook look on in amazement as it tries to break out of its cage.
hermione and ron go downstairs.
ron looks around nervously.
of shot, we see a door, the top half of which is wire-covered glass.
cormac slaps ron's arm and marches off.
as he gets into the driver's seat.
next day, joe is making alice up as one of the un-dead.
diana sits across from the detective, while two officers stand and watch her.
she brings a hand to her mouth, her face perspiring, her expression world-weary.
mr. darcy is wandering through a cobbled street, bustling with people and horses.
large black shadows slide across the docks, as sailing ships approach o.s.
ben watches the bald boy, nick, through a window.
seeing joy and abby so excited, mike's face falls.
ursula, the landlord's daughter, smiles awkwardly.
sandy's eyes shoot open and he pulls the towel off his head.
the martinis cross themselves, shaking hands all around.
bob closes his eyes tightly.
furious, he throws it into a pot.
a black soldier stands stripped to the waist, watching the trucks.
salim suddenly jerks awake.
in the diner, sandra sits bound to a chair with her wrists tied behind her back.
she stares dreamily outside.
he's thrust through a brick wall and lands on the ground.
homer leaves baby face stuck behind the jammed front door.
he wipes away the frost from the surface.
the prince grabs the empty poison packet, hands it to rugen, after first sniffing it himself.
lynda and bob enter the house and begin turning on the lights.
the car by the pavement kicks into action and the door opens.
he hears running footsteps behind him and dashes off.
he moves down the hall and turns the corner -- coming to a stop in the doorway of the kitchen.
he walks slowly over to david, who twists around to inspect the weights and the paint cans at either end of the bar.
a waitress walks up.
we see the wall, with the hammer striking it.
jack picks up the boy, then watches as water shoots in from cracks.
darcy is riding his horse through the woods, a picture of elegance in his top hat and frock coat.
irene goes.
a burst of green energy from the elder wand is met by a burst of red from harry, resulting in a bright white ball of light.
the lifeboat passes several yards away from her.
his accomplice follows close behind with one hand clutching the deputy between them.
a stone bridge crosses a wide river.
a ray of red light stabs through the gloom and begins to sweep over the barren landscape.
jeep walks out toward the gas pumps, but bob's right alongside him, not giving up.
he glances at nehru then drops the potato in the bowl.
leaving the lights on, ryan gets out of the car, jogs along a pavement and walks up to a large suburban town house.
tuvia appears through binoculars at koscik's farmhouse.
forrest walks stiffly next to his mother.
willa does a bewildered take, then looks again towards the cars o.s.
prominently seated among them is henry f. potter, his goon beside his wheelchair.
a second carriage breaks their held gaze.
the ark dives headlong.
his eyes bulging, terrance raises his arms in the air victoriously.
indy picks up the cross.
barnes lets the door drop as ashton gingerly moves his arm.
it becomes a blank wall again.
a new source of music comes in to interfere with the piano playing.
the two portuguese sailors (who have indy's arms pinned behind his back) propel indy across the deck toward the rail.
a lever is pulled, a ratchet releases, and the powder charge is ignited.
mrs. figg raises hers, then makes to scratch her ear.
it's a bright, sunny day, and lizzy's taking a walk in the park, swinging her bonnet casually to and fro.
he appears to be in some kind of trance.
jenny takes off her nightgown as they make love.
his other hand comes from under the table and sticks the barrel of his .45 hand under pumpkin's chin.
the queen looks increasingly upset as she tries to maintain her composure.
next him the couple is cooing away like spring, -- but on the bench between him and the girl lies her bag.
rambo rubs his chin and runs a hair through his hair, then walks along the harbor.
rose gestures across the table at jack to put his napkin in his lap.
drover comes out the back door.
michael walks up to gabriel.
an ambulance drives by, sirens blaring.
she looks at him.
as the wounded man twitches feebly, purvis watches with a clenched jaw.
she walks slowly out of the bedroom and makes to close the door behind her.
harry approaches her.
ghostly leaves flutter slowly toward pavement.
elsa follows, taking off her coat.
the waiter spoons a dollop of black caviar into jack's dinner plate.
he looks out across the bay at the broken, burning hulks of ships.
hermione nods, not wanting to press harry further, then glances beyond the trees, toward the whomping willow.
the french windows are blown open.
rebecca holds up the apparently missing card.
he steps towards her and kisses her on the lips.
the women watch him and admire him.
he empties the bag containing the cobra into a wooden crate.
the three men rush by jean-louis and squeeze simultaneously into scobie's room.
suze is trying on a frothy white tulle wedding dress.
tuvia's whole body is trembling.
two heavily-armed fighter drones hurtle through the clouds towards manhattan.
szpilman manages to free himself and runs on.
ronnie looks over.
harry pulls his wand out of the troll's nostril.
of the empty desert road stretching away.
gideon shakes his head and leans back, whistling again.
jenny sits expressionlessly as they drive back.
harry catches sight of a cylindrical vial containing a phosphorescent green liquid.
he lands hard, with a splash into a vat of water.
his aide, overmyer, injects toxin into woodward's drip, and he begins to convulse.
hurls his leather satchel.
cal listlessly tumbled from the moving car.
harry looks weary.
harry finds cedric.
jeep aims his torch beam up and follows a trail of bloody hand prints across the ceiling.
they see a light in the distance.
a girl strides past (obviously katrina) with a sour look aimed squarely at juno.
bob grimly strides forward.
willie lies in bed, the kid hovering at the bedside.
westley and buttercup, staring out at the others.
looking troubled, the professor walks away from the pensive.
the other driver gets out and stares at the scene.
he runs into a dark alley way, pulls off his zipped up jogging top, put on his balaclava.
the balls carom outward in all directions.
he somersaults into the air and lands heavily on the grass of the arena.
in perfect lip sync is.
don leans against the door jamb, breathing heavily.
jane and lizzie are in a two-horse carriage.
the receptionist eyes peter suspiciously as he turns to the elevators he just walked past.
he kisses her again, this time on the lips.
the limbs approach spider-man hurling him back into the bank.
thompson and his staff job up the spiraling stairway.
she punches him in the throat.
a photographer on the decorated front steps of the church snaps the maids of honor arranging suze's wedding train.
he smiles and carries on working.
slughorn presses the tip of his wand against his temple.
sadie grabs her phone and smiles.
the jumbotron camera follows the guy catching the fly, then finds abby and colin.
sitting on an ornate, throne-like chair, she looks at lizzie, who's squashed between maria and sir william on a sofa.
she is reading a book on travel.
she's a tangle of conflicting emotions.
pete's eyes stay glued on the women as he hisses out of the corner of his mouth.
then she looks up at the staircase.
he wearily raises his eyebrows as he watches natalie come in.
simon is a wheelchair.
outside, the stranger watches the bus drive off.
he is smoking a cigarette.
gatsby looks tense.
when it passes, harry has disappeared from the coffee shop.
they are silent.
now, sandy's daughter kicks a soccer ball off a field.
with a struggle she pulls the letter out of her pocket, and pushes it into his hand.
a several officers join them.
he smiles mischievously, and grabs some colored pencils.
nick starts to walk away.
looking crushed, she leaves them to it and goes out again.
bob picks lynda up and carries her up to the front door.
george has a large wound in his ear.
rose's smile fades as she stares at jack.
he has been looking at gandhi, who sits on the floor of the large room some distance from him, just lifting his head from prayers.
cole looks up.
starts looking around the room for his clothes.
dillinger follows purvis from inside his cell.
and his arms begin moving much more slowly.
they cross the quadrangle below and run along the cloister.
the three men climb in and the car squeals out.
bella is peeling potatoes.
george is seated at the bar he has had a great deal to drink, far more than he's accustomed to.
cole smiles a tiny smile.
jane lays in ricky's bed, wearing a tank top.
she rides off, eyeballing him with a grin.
they pause before the door of cabin one.
taylor stops the car and javier gets out.
the ark rises as the massive waves curl up and over the top.
quirrell looks impatient.
mavis passes the table, licking some food off her hand.
skeeter's expression is solemn.
wearing a straw bonnet and simple day dress, lizzie sets off down a country lane.
takes a coat from the closet, where merrill is still glued to the tv.
ping turns to look.
he waits a moment, then opens closet, starts counting out sheets and pillow cases, keeps his back to arbogast.
he surveys the young man who, at this moment, actually seems bewildered by his effect.
pearl, dangling her doll, cries.
the smart, attractive, blonde woman, abby, arrives at work at the local tv station, ksxp.
sadie watches him go.
tizzy climbs the stairs, carrying frail, child-sized benjamin in his arms.
harry pulls a glowing green sword from a scabbard on his back and slashes wildly at peter, who swerves out of the way.
andy is in bed when her phone goes at 6-15.
indy sits up to see vogel standing over him.
will carries him easily.
a gunner climbs into the conning tower.
bert, deeply satisfied, puts on his coat and sits to watch the action.
he picks up a can of coke and goes over to the fridge.
doyle picks up his hat.
looking a little awkward, tom rubs wilson's back, comforting him.
tuvia helps peretz to his feet and pulls him away from the line of fire.
buttercup, coming out of her nightmare, alone in her castle bedroom.
they grow suddenly and violently passionate.
he hands willie some paperwork.
harry sees draco, who walks out.
suddenly his eye catches a glimpse of her through the crack of the partly opened door.
hidden by the invisibility cloak, harry feels his way across the dark room.
michael lets the gun bags hit the ground.
kay looks to his partner, then to the screen.
salim looks over and notices she's gone.
beneath his zen-like tranquillity lurks something wounded.
the name 'samuel szpilman' being written on a certificate.
then looks down and sees the cop cars pushing through the knot of people around the house.
debbie leaves.
constanze follows.
the queen sits down in a nearby armchair.
phyllis gets out and from the other side crutches emerge, and a man (seen entirely from behind, and apparently dietrichson) climbs out awkwardly.
olaf laughs and shakes his head.
celia, standing by the buffet table with another glass of bubbles, write something down.
his attention is attracted in particular by a huge pile of dark chocolate balls arranged in the shape of a pineapple.
across from him, carolyn picks at her food, watching him with contempt.
he quickly shuts the passenger-side door and gets behind the wheel of his rental.
she goes to turn on the light.
she picks up both bread and chicken leg and continues her interpretive dance, alternately munching the bread and butter and chicken leg.
gittes carefully works his way up through the thick foliage toward a second and large chain-link fence.
renault gets out while the orderly stands at attention.
leaving his phone switched on, satnam crouches down and holds his son's face in his hands.
lt. dan stops and looks at the boys.
henryk drops the two volumes into the basket, takes a handle one side of the basket, szpilman the other.
fergus stops her by the window.
voldemort uses his wand to shoot fire at harry.
the man, graham hess, comes out of his bedroom wearing a black t-shirt and pajama bottoms.
their faces lit by the morning sun.
blood covers both him and the backseat.
it is the end of the speech.
ben gets to the top of the stairs, and starts slowly down the hall.
gin heads back to his car and marcus smiles.
they leave the grave.
when they're gone, hannah takes a sip of her coffee and looks at elliot.
sue smiles and goes towards thao, who sits alone, away from the others.
he looks down at the spot where michael should be, but there is nothing there, just a trampled patch in the grass.
now a second tentacle whips out, but this one wraps around jay's neck and pulls tight.
subjective pov, gliding through a thicket of trees, to the forest's edge, the trees thinning, revealing.
nema stops the truck and climbs out.
harry's face is rapt with grief.
the elderly irish landlady leaves them to their quaintly decorated twin room.
she stands.
she glances at the book and takes it out of his hand.
jane watches him go with a sad half smile.
marcus and willie regard each other.
patient is thrashing around inside the tent.
mrs. bailey puts george's hat on his head.
javed, still transfixed by the cricket game, takes a bite of his sandwich.
she sees all the patrons eating, lost in conversations.
harry's donned hermione's scarf and ron's hat to disguise himself.
as he talks, thoughtfully, he takes some jewelry from the handbag -- a couple of rings, diamond wristwatch, brooch, pearls, etc.
her face is a chalky white and there is a huge red gash across her throat.
outside the taj mahal, jamal takes polaroid photographs of tourists.
maguire shakes his head.
that's when the ice cream man's jaw unhinges, stretching .
the rope goes all the way to the top.
willie opens it and removes wads of cash and a passport.
they're all gathered in the living room by the bottom of the stairs.
she stares at elijah.
she waves.
the servant opens the door and directs benjamin up the stairs.
the dying snape turns his head to look at harry.
inigo, drunk as a skunk, sprawled in front of a hovel, a bottle of brandy in one hand, the six-fingered sword in the other.
she lowers the glass onto the table.
shooting towards the big window, with the neighborhood beyond, jeff is as usual seated in his wheelchair on the left of the window, but now turned toward a newcomer.
the wall runs the length of the street, dividing it in half and narrowing it.
they communicate through earpieces.
they attack the weasley house, which bursts into flames.
she takes out a thermos and pours him some tea.
his attention is caught by some odd noises and he looks around.
diana drops a pill into his cup, then pours two drinks as he twitches drunkenly.
peter shoots a thread, pulls him free, and holds him through the bars.
as she strides down a street, a piece of paper floats down towards her and lands on her chest.
lupin, supporting george.
the creature flaps its huge wings.
the boys stand as the car stops beside them -- it's the yellow buick.
he walks away from them.
main room at the excel five call center is virtually empty.
butch exits the bathroom.
the story he's reading about, as the monochromatic look of the bedroom is replaced by the dazzling color of the english countryside.
the elf nods as he peels off a pointed prosthetic ear.
lynn takes cole's school bag and jacket before moving to the kitchen.
the hospital's main doors slide open.
sadie storms away.
he takes a step back into a dark lobby, looking to his left, and reaches forward to open another door.
he puts down the bags in front of the apartment door.
a limb punches spider-man down.
he grabs a half-empty gallon of milk and closes the door.
she steps off the porch and walks around to the side of the house, camera tracking with her.
louise gets out and starts to walk around the car.
holmes empties the gun and hands it back.
the living room is in the same wild disorder -- books on the floor, a table on the chair under the ceiling fixture, the couch moved from the wall, clothes and shoes spilled from the closet.
as he approaches a private office, he sees ronnie coloring in squares along a chalkboard wall.
our gaze drifts up to find pete between dillinger and a heavyset thug.
we pan us with the sandwich until jeff's head fills the screen.
morgan and bo are staring at the picture.
flaming missiles rain down on the city.
she takes an apple from her bag.
the classical music still plays in the background.
debbie, pete and the girls sit around plates of vegetables.
banky is throttling the collector from across the table.
and an inert, blood-smeared hand lying on earth.
richardson drops the blazing card.
in an office, big chuck sits across from marisol and julian.
the agents pursue enrique out into the street.
he bows to them reverentially.
jerry wanders through the service area where cars are being worked on.
walter tumbles onto the shoulder and--rat-tat-tat-tat!--muzzle flashes tear open the wrapping paper.
other people in a panic, running to find others who are lost.
salim walks back to the main room.
neville steps aside, revealing harry.
harry looks on in amazement.
the three men turn to leave.
his voice is choked and near to tears, resonant with the unspoken agony his words mean for him and the others like him.
as it slips over curved stone surface, he makes a grab for it.
she looks down at the humanoid shape with a featureless face.
harry rubs his head.
staring at the door.
harry steps towards the screaming girl.
he begins to pour the tea into china cups.
she sinks to the floor.
the camera picks out those who ride on the weapon-carrier with gandhi's body.
she drags lester toward a silver-haired man and his much younger wife.
kate blearily raises her head and reaches out and turns off her alarm clock.
it buries the whitehouse.
colleagues clap and cheer.
he rises to his feet and tosses down his napkin.
following the balrog into the bottomless abyss!
they see a tank being overturned.
voldemort turns to glare at pius thicknesse, who backs away.
his back resting on a pillow, peter stares into space.
the land rover heads off, blue lights flashing.
some other boys stand by a buffet table.
she holds it up.
the croupier understands what rick wants him to do.
he leans back under the bubbles.
noah gives a thumbs up.
his head is tilted to the side, and as we pull back, we see why: he's holding it in a massive lion's open mouth.
he piles these on the beds.
shot the car leaving the freeway under a santa barbara sign.
as peter (now called dyle) leaves reggie's room and closes the door.
the strange black substance crawls speedily up behind and attaches itself to the rear number plate, as the moped rides off down the woodland track.
gollum smashes a rock down on sam's head, knocking him to the ground!
he turns toward a young sailor.
bob sits back resigned.
rugen is searching around.
taking the book, he leaves.
he looks up at the nurse.
the floorboards are creaking, someone is walking up to his bed.
thao bites his lip as a police captain looms over the gangsters.
the quaffle flies through.
brody climbs up out of the tank, followed by henry.
the door opens and mavis appears, holding a set of candlesticks.
he looks up with a start.
mr. braddock standing by the side of the pool.
turning to get another mail, graham stops and stares at bo before helping merrill with another plank.
our view moves over a sunny beach toward a city skyline.
mary begins to cry.
two heavy-duty latino guys lean out of the window.
gavroche is hit.
he looks to dil.
lenny smalls' motorcycle appears over the rise.
charlotte is crying really hard.
charlie bends forward, grimacing.
beaming, he gawks at the screen.
wick, the bottle in his hand, goes through the living room toward the kitchenette.
the bass player carries his bass back, then stands on the other side of hartley.
as he is opening the pack he looks back casually beyond the turnstile into the rear part of the market.
sam lifts the piece of paper off her finger, studies it, takes out his wallet, presses the wet scrap to his driver's license shield, puts it back in the wallet and puts the wallet away.
bob wanders in, squinting at the sudden presence of light.
laurie and tommy are sitting on the couch watching the horror- thon on tv.
alex undoes a catch with a credit card and pulls the window open.
jacob stands by a glass barrier on the roof terrace of the mall.
he raises his voice to make himself heard over the din of all the children boiling around the room.
ryan and natalie walk into a large open-plan office which has already been cleared, apart from a few chairs and a couple of desks.
darcy throws open a door to find wickham in a compromising position with a lady.
dangling from the line above he sees two dozen pairs of shoes, their laces tied together.
lupin, twitching, shakes his head.
she steps out onto a landing lined with a discarded metal trolley and window grill.
the radiomen move cautiously toward the flame, shielding their faces with one hand, holding their guns with the other.
the bar is silent except for the sizzling noise of the eggs and ham.
he checks the map.
the boss, craig gregory, has a meeting with ryan and his colleagues.
harry clenches his fists with frustration.
he takes it out.
the goblin flips up and punches him again.
he tries another and opens the door.
lee glances over to her, reacting.
he takes a carriage to court.
carrying a metal dish of dog food for isabel in one hand, graham steps out of the farmhouse through a screen door and into the dark.
he moves away and the others follow.
ron looks even more miserable.
david texts as he walks through the doorway.
bone saw charges.
perhaps ten faces.
the song ends.
he shrugs on a shirt, and wipes blood from his nose.
moody flicks his wand.
snape is still alive.
then annie's car makes a wide u-turn in the street and starts down the other direction.
she fires an explosive from her wand, sending a snatcher to the forest floor.
the boy now stands within a vision of the majestic architecture of the great gondorian city of minas.
talking, all the time.
he gets up and looks get hurt and frustrated from charlie
in the anteroom, emily points at andy, who hurries into the office in a smart black mini dress with white colors and cuffs.
powdered footmen are pouring wine into the glasses of the over-vivacious guests.
parrish struggles to make sense of what he is hearing.
lady catherine raises one eyebrow and turns her attention to charlotte.
the nazi soldiers point their guns at henry and brody.
rows of old film studio buildings reflected in a shiny, gold surface.
theoden bows slightly to the hooded figure and leaves, shooting aragorn a strange look as he goes.
abby is hurt and stunned, but overcomes it with fierce and abiding hatred.
charlie's belly is very swollen.
one of the shadows -- dumbledore -- raises his hand and points, directing the attention of the others away from buckbeak.
they wheeze as they climb.
surrounded by inky darkness, a pair of small bluish white lights glow.
the malfoys descend steps to a shop with a sign above its door, borgin and burke.
the cabinet opens, black smoke filters out.
he stops short as he sees ilsa holding a small revolver in her hand.
her hair is brown, cut short, practically straight.
morgan pulls his eye away from the telescope that is set up on the window seat in his room.
in the prefect's bathroom, harry slips off his dressing gown and lowers himself into a bath the size of a small swimming pool.
gittes gets out of the car with evelyn.
a narrow bridge, spanning a bottomless pit.gandalf yells to the others: aragorn makes to throw gimli across the chasm.
he guns his shiny aston-martin past a line of traffic as his pursuers open up.
a quick flash of the song-writer's apartment, and his musical group gathered around the piano.
she searches the young man's eyes, his face is open, completely vulnerable, waiting for her response.
benjamin, no longer wearing spectacles, takes a seat and stares fixedly at them as the dancer turns gracefully with daisy reclining in his arms.
a collection of cuddly toys are arranged around zoe's room.
charles watches on a monitor while the queen mother, tony and cherie are seen watching the broadcast on their tv's.
harry straightens up.
only edward is free to move, winding his way between the frozen bodies, ducking underneath arms to get closer and closer to this woman.
szpilman goes to him, pulls him with all his might but the boy is jammed in the hole.
billie leads the way to the dance floor.
merrill looks his brother in the eyes.
a hippie gives jenny a sugar cube of acid as they sit in front of a roaring fire.
something catches nick's eye.
neff is hanging onto the railing.
harry follows him down the steps into a gloomy corridor with rough stone walls.
purvis stops, staring with his mouth agape.
then looks down.
he leans out of an arched window and looks at the guy on the ledge.
salim collects a small package from her then drives past the gates where jamal is hiding.
charlie faces away from the child.
he serves it up.
ashton peers down at strewn bodies and flaming debris.
the four of them huddle together in the pouring rain.
he sees the locket, the diary, a staring eye, a ring on dumbledore's finger.
smiling, allison sashays up beside him.
jenny accepts the gift with a tight smile.
red waits in his car as the robbers exit with four hostages.
a clip attached to emily's forefinger attaches her to an electrocardiograph machine.
she picks up the receiver.
he scrambles down an incline towards the waterside.
david sits up.
she flinches, but quickly composes herself and moves on.
all we can see is the glow of the salesman's cigar.
the arc de triomphe stands in the center of the place de l'etoile around which 12 roads extend into this brawling city.
d'andrea joins him.
they notice desi swimming.
and he's setting the sweets, pocketing money.
in his car, now parked, one hand holding the rag pressed to his mangled jaw.
on the stony shore at the far side, he sees himself and sirius lying unconscious beside him.
the elderly man drapes an arm around his wife's shoulder and draws her close.
caroline sits up and strokes her mother's arm.
martin chuckles and pockets the money.
martin makes a phone call.
green leaves are starting to turn brown.
then, turns back to charlotte.
the window blinds become a wall of fire.
skip lies on the ground covered in blood.
larry sees and comes out after them.
he opens the door of his office and holds it for her.
neff has reached the top of the steps.
mitchell barges into an elderly woman lifting a crate of fruit on a rope.
back home, john opens the front door for his wife.
the woman emerges wearily from beneath the rapidly moving covers.
a uniformed policeman stands near them.
harry lies moodily in the common room, clutching the golden egg.
jane puts her plate in the dishwasher and leaves.
others follow suit and a huge rottweiler charges into the surf.
frodo backs away from aragorn.aragorn is shocked by the movement.
he grins at her.
kayleigh stares at the floor, then looks up at her father and shivers.
he pats her.
the twins are not convinced.
she smiles at harry.
joe turns off the projector -- but a sound remains.
he pauses, looking at the youth.
he moves to the window.
when he does, the words are soft and worn; they've been said a hundred times.
we also find boxes of products edward used to sell.
buildings burn by a deep chasm through town.
he finds carrie's explosives in his rock sack.
the girl writes a check.
as the two are backing toward the door.
backstage, the host waits for jamal to leave.
everybody laughs.
carolyn is watching this closely.
people are leaving the upmarket bar hannah and liz were in.
trish looks at her husband, who glances at their guest and takes a bite.
he starts walking down the hall.
corsair ships sail up the river.
beating its huge wings, the hippogriff swoops down towards the ground.
photographers turn away from the stage pointing their lenses to the sky as red and blue balloons are released and spider- man comes swinging through the crowd, high-fiving them as sweeps past on a thread.
kingsley shacklebolt is with remus lupin and student dean thomas.
nelec sits, which takes us to a shot towards the back of the bus -- another airman, hernandez, 40, sits too.
she peers back.
the apartment has less furniture now and the silver has gone.
minnie and aibileen have been listening to the phone conversation in aibileen's dimly lit house.
desi returns the partial to a man with a shaved head.
they beckon him to join them.
his eyes moving across the walls and ceilings -- charged with the thrill of discovery.
holmes recalls entering the opera house.
graham backs away from the window towards the middle of his bedroom.
he steps back standing inside the fusion chamber which floats on the river below.
sudden silence.frodo looks around the room at the astounded faces.
as dillinger opens the door, the impersonating officer steps outside.
he studies a pouch full of ties, closes it, and puts it in the case.
as the marchers come nearer we begin to realise how many there are: thousand upon thousand.
the senior airman restarts the bus's engine and it lurches into life.
fats is shooting.
protesters hold a candlelight vigil behind them.
an alarm is activated.
the dogs thunder through the living room and down the stairs.
what's more, all of these people are barefoot.
two boarding officers drag the protesting boy onboard.
he turns it way up.
the flask is passed to fleur, then ron, and finally, hermione.
jane lets the door close on tess.
they look out across the water.
at the lunch following the medal ceremony, constantine is serving each lady in turn, under charlotte's rather anxious gaze.
he takes off into the forest.
he storms out.
karen and chili crack up with him, karen leaning into chili.
moving like the wind, lonnie barrels off the porch and races back to his friends.
eddie, like a schoolboy, listens intently.
malcolm looks down at cole's feet.
it's 9:37 as he walks to mulwray's car and places it behind the front wheel of mulwray's car.
lights flashing, they speed down rain-soaked streets.
george jumps over the counter and takes the money from mary.
the camera moves in closer to his face as he talks over the scene.
he stands over her, still in his cape, gazing down at her.
emily wraps her arms around ezra's neck.
he hurls it into the canyon.
without waiting for approval or disapproval, he turns, hurries to the office.
whip steps onto the veranda holding his cane and a gun.
preston, as the president, makes a call.
she goes behind the counter.
theoden smiles grimly as he rides on.
the crowd has spread from him all along the street; they stand against the walls of the houses staring at him, terrified to move.
as it sinks in, gandhi pours some tea then looks up at them with a pleading warmth -- first to jinnah.
diana grabs the snake and tugs at it, as sandy pries the reptile's teeth from his neck.
mike hangs abby up.
a man falls into the water, another dangles from the rope
jane makes to follow them.
photos of will and deana standing next to a christmas tree.
a man and a woman holding an umbrella pass by; traffic moves across a nearby intersection.
he finds one last bottle in his hand, half-full with a cigarette butt floating in it.
buttercup, talking to them both.
the sea crashing into the dry dock means the men in the center are waist-high in water.
and with that we get the movietone music tag and as the film fades, the lights go up on.
they laugh as they walk away.
one of the boys at the front of the group leans in and says something to the clerk behind the desk.
they are whispering quietly, but mirabehn has stopped on seeing nehru and she smiles a relieved greeting.
all are enraptured by the spectacle and madame weber is especially enraptured by being there at all.
breathless, enjolras takes the torch from marius.
he gazes at her lying lifeless on the floor.
his intelligent piercing eyes take her in for a moment.
the secretary turns it slowly so it is facing him.
the points go up on the score board.
they bring her into the dining room and deposit her gracefully into pop's lap.
she dives into the bubbles.
tuvia lays the child down near the fire.
bond falls in billowing sand.
the helicopters make their way to the complex built deep into the mountains.
david's walkie erupts with noise.
sarah is nestled against michael's chest.
rachel hurries her children to door.
a large public garden, enclosed by a thick, old, crumbling wall.
joe and cary slowly move forward -- seeing something off-camera that scares and amazes them all at once.
the dude stands behind her and, pressed up against her, helps her with her follow-through as she releases a bowling ball.
in it lies the olivewood christ on the cross, burning.
people rise from the pews.
felix observes the chaos dispassionately and sips his beer.
thomas delivers benjamin to his front gate.
filch pushes his way through the gaping crowd.
midway down the body bag, something protrudes, pushing the bag up.
behind him, on the balcony outside, stands the night watchman and the colored janitor, peering curiously into the room over keyes' shoulder.
the gryffindor supporters are ecstatic.
as he does, david strides towards the gallery with joseph a few paces behind.
he dreams of mj and the sports car.
he faces escobar on the opposite seat.
don sits on a bar stool, putting down the paper bag.
hearing the voice, graham raises his eyebrows.
everyone's enjoying dessert.
it is hushed, aware that walker might overhear them, but bristling with suppressed anger.
lying on the ground, ron lowers his head.
valjean paces, unable to sleep, inside the cafe.
bernie wrenches the sails off the windmill.
laura sits behind him reading a book.
the old lady is wearing a faded house-robe.
he does so and a wolf whistle comes from the crowd.
in the driver's seat we see a fat man's shape.
staring at the other boat.
yaxley sees them race off.
the blanket over his shoulders, he holds hermione's wand.
coming up to the bed.
the army of cattle moves off.
arcing around the woman's foot as she finishes painting the nails emerald green.
thick, gray smoke fills the air.
they walk away.
carruthers looks dubious.
the sounds of rioting and looting on nearby streets, but here a mass of people are gathered.
the queen gets out, opens the back door.
jenny licks cake mixture of the whisk.
at his feet, the gravel road has returned, smooth and dusty and comforting.
he leaps for a flight of steps dislodging recently.
there is a simple harbor beneath a large, spreading tree which overhangs the water.
daisy puts her coat and hand back down on the double bed which has tall elaborately-carved bedposts.
spider ruffles thao's hair.
inside, the officers lock dillinger inside a holding cell and remove his handcuffs through the bars.
charlie gets eddie a bottle.
his working out is beginning to produce results.
while they're studying the cat-scan picture, the camera cuts to a back view of mickey under the module.
they get low -- eyes at desk level -- the shuddering increases in pitch and volume -- he reaches out to touch it with his finger, but suddenly the cube bullets away -.
sandra ever so slowly approaches the door.
he stares ahead.
when the plane door opens, the first passenger to step out is a tall, middle-aged, pale german with a smile that seems more the result of a frozen face muscle than a cheerful disposition.
teenage boys play a fast and furious game.
smoking as it skids around in the foreground, completing its turn.
camera follows her to window and once there we see the light is still on in the upstairs bedroom and the voice is coming from that room.
the dude absently licks his lips as we faintly hear a hall rumbling down the lane.
- piled on the counter.
she frowns, glances into the hut.
they are all wearing earphones.
the queen casts her eyes downward and gently scratches her brow.
the green and white banners above their heads change to scarlet and gold.
willie's car corners onto sage terrace on two wheels, slams back down onto four, fishtails up to the kid's house and squeals braking into its driveway.
a smoker steps in.
stella squeezes past the right side of jeff, and places the food tray on a windowseat in front of him.
harry ducks as a wood bat narrowly misses his head.
david and audrey are sitting at a bar, facing each other.
she is the same height as mary and the same age, but she is infinitely older in her approach to people.
pippin is bathed in the fiery red light.
harry walks up.
he frowns.
cal picks up a crying girl, then steps toward the crowd of passengers.
it collapses in a pile of rubble.
jacob hesitates then follows him.
more and more people are bundled into the shelter.
the alien, now standing, turns to the catatonic polygraph operator sitting in his underwear.
they dart across a busy street to a chinese vegetable shop.
a towering, hooded figure, dressed in black, is being dressed in armour by attendant orcs.
he enters to find that the room has been trashed.
bellatrix disappears.
on the screen, the streets are viewed from above.
the men gather around ferris, who hangs his head.
he taps his stick and the death eater is hurled away backwards.
hoffman smiles tightly and sits.
the waiter addresses benjamin.
whip parks outside a bar and walks in as his co-pilot, ken, appears on the news.
zoe runs to the apartment door, flings it open and heads downstairs.
uncle billy mary and the crowd come into the living room.
he lowers the glasses, and turns to jeff.
follows him, trying to check out the rooms as he goes.
as the queen walks, prince philip follows close by.
black smoke rises from it.
she glances round at them.
looking awkward, darcy kicks his horse on.
as it glides silently away through the trees, an upright elderly gentleman appears out of the shadows.
prakash's gaze is as firm and unrelenting as a death's head.
he slides off the raft and goes underwater.
and gabriel punches him.
lee chuckles as she looks at him; he is wearing sunglasses, a red-imprinted t-shirt, and a baggy coat.
edward shovels shit in the nastiest stables you've ever seen.
whoever he has called answers.
david leans over the roof of the car, looking at the women, waiting for their decision.
she turns at last, and looks across at him.
handing ron the marauder's map, harry sets off again.
emily stares down at ben, who is slumped back in the chair beside her bed, fast asleep.
he holds her back.
he walks the street.
he stares intently at one prisoner in particular, who avoids his gaze.
eowyn slowly lifts her head.
on a chair beside the door sits a familiar figure.
a headless horseman follows him through the great hall.
malcolm clutches his stomach and folds like a rag doll onto the bed.
she looks towards the fad and steps down from the platform.
cousin eustace has turned away from george and caught a glimpse of the man waiting in the chair.
laurie thinks a moment, then looks to the street.
ron lies awake, his face buried in his pillow.
the prisoner pays the guard.
three bodies lie on the ground.
and then he looks up to see.
theoden lifts eowyn faces to look into her eyes.
but the glass window has reappeared.
she is quite beautiful.
laurel gives him a dirty look, but he laughs and leaves.
mystified, harry steps forward, the boys peeling away, clearing his view of the broomstick in ron's hands.
she draws back quickly and looks down, terrified at what she has said.
he looks up, at the million stars shining overhead.
jack is addressing a meeting of concerned locals.
hermione lands on top of him.
the stranger ducks down a narrow passage and reaches out with a delicate hand to a brick wall.
willie resignedly rests his head on his hand while marcus slips into a brooding silence.
gabriel swipes him across the face, throwing him onto a cooker.
exhausted from playing fetch all night, edward throws the stick into the woods.
another, next the door, is drawing something on the wall.
she takes ron's face in her hands.
gandhi looks down at abha, and taps her sharply on the top of the head.
she stands at the rail, listening.
the group have their hands on their heads.
andy waits at the hospital, looking sheepish.
a shadow passes under the door as graham treads hesitantly towards it.
dante rolls his eyes to the ceiling.
harry shows the page to the two humans.
a live aerial view of a train wreck smouldering below is seen.
she puts her arm around hannah's shoulder.
the roots reach out and trips cedric.
forrest falls backward onto the ground as the boys glare at him.
he walks off, past her.
cavalieri looks after them as they go, her voice breaking and rising out of control.
he takes her by the hand and raises it above his head.
gandhi laughs as they turn the corner.
pete and charlotte sit at the table as debbie serves the chicken.
he slips off to sleep.
next to the crucifix on the altar are valjean's two silver candlesticks, in which two candles burn.
furthermore, the walls behind him vibrate, slightly worse than before.
desi takes them and tries to put them in her mouth.
she lights one.
he shoos peter away.
jane is unnerved and has to look away.
most are gathered around the girl's mother, a young woman in her late twenties.
in her fur-collared coat, billie crosses the street between passing vehicles.
band-leader wallace hartley leads the band onto the boat deck.
she fidgets as she smiles to herself and observes whip as he drives.
lester enters, opens the refrigerator and grabs a beer.
after a beat, she begins to gather herself.
as she drives out of lot we see the mechanic, the car dealer and the patrolman all looking after her.
george, behind the counter, is trying to quiet a crowd of people all clamoring for more ration points.
crammed in, behind the wheel, juno seems oblivious of the passing cars as she rubs her belly under her thick tartan coat.
she grasps it sharply.
a woman and several men rush through the open gate.
as the blankets blaze, we cut inside, find a skinny boy with a crow's nest of black hair, thick glasses sitting crookedly atop his nose: harry potter.
he glances down the landing into a room containing a dressmaker's dummy.
he speaks to her with his hands gently holding her face.
he glares down the hall.
whitaker sits next to his co-pilot.
a third officer arrives.
they go over to thao's house.
then a porch light abruptly reveals ricky.
he points to a display of spears.
and walks out of the garage.
elliot looks thoughtful as the movie cuts to.
they sip their drinks as they appear in deep thought.
bob grabs lynda and pushes her down on the bed.
david watches as elijah's mother walks across the store and waits for elijah to finish talking.
he licks his lips.
he turns towards a tall mirror.
uncle billy starts sobbing hysterically.
harry spins around as he hears a sound behind him.
sandra's face is bathed in the golden light.
looks like he's not going to say anything.
indy opens the grail diary and thoughtfully turns through the pages.
he rubs his forehead.
then leans in close.
helen finds a space and sits down nervously.
he wrinkles his nose.
the council sits with downcast eyes, as if a great dread has descended on them.
mary sits and watson takes the gun from her hand.
they pause at the sound of jeff's voice.
hogwarts school stands high on the cliffs above.
each softly lit by lamps suspended by a pole.
harlan leaves.
a young man falls lifelessly to the ground.
as lee takes a sip of her drink, the movie cuts back to elliot, standing in the doorway and still staring straight ahead.
he then proceeds to tear open the remaining doors on the calendar and scarf the chocolate inside.
mickey brushes against a heavyset man who gives him a nasty look.
he notices the unbuttoned points of his collar and with a rueful smile at the funny timing of his urge for tidiness, buttons one.
he grins as she takes a running jump into the pool.
a man comes up the steps towards the front door -- zachetti.
uniformed guards chase harry.
bones aims the gun at him.
daisy holds her hand up for nullah to grab.
he follows her.
the boys yuri and popi are on board on the helicopter.
his breathing is a slow controlled pant.
she takes a photo.
gebczynski makes for the front door, stops.
gail walks around the chair.
clutching her belly she waddles out to the previa.
john goes off towards the staircase to join the girls; then turns back.
he belts up as he goes around to the driver's side of the range rover.
she starts out of the bathroom.
the police car has pulled up beside the cab, and bert and ernie stand watching george's actions.
henryk is at the table, also watching intently.
her long, dark hair frames her soft features.
his mournful face is lit by a ghostly blue blow from the city outside.
we see the pretty soprano katherina cavalieri, now about twenty-four, dressed in an elaborate mythological persian costume, singing on stage.
his supporters are ecstatic.
he is obviously disturbed about the latest turn of events.
a morose sydney sits alone at the table, his goblet-like glass in front.
harry chases bellatrix through the tall reeds.
the corsac gets back inside.
he tries to pull on the bindings.
the car accelerates and roars past and away.
germans fall on mountains.
jeff's eyes follow her up the steps toward the door.
she checks her mirror.
he clears his throat with another deep rumble.
really curious now, he starts to get up -- -- when kay steps into the room and closes the door behind him.
two boy scouts climb up the rocky base of the cliff.
harry reads a note in his book.
the crewmen lower the lifeboat.
marjorie drops graham's slice of cake.
they slow to a halt, near the weasley's home.
he tugs on another.
her teeth are clenched.
they've reached the entrance to the tent, and he gestures in.
javert is not yet confident enough to continue.
he gives her the bill.
he looks up, brushing back his long, straggly hair.
he wheels, finds.
a light is switched on in a cottage nearby.
cal peers down at a crying young girl, then walks away.
he slaps her cheek.
sam is underwater.hands flailing helplessly as he sinks.
she smiles up at him, and sees he's sporting a black eye and generally looks knocked about.
forrest grunts, imitating him.
dil, inside, is throwing off her smock and walking toward him.
he slides a sheet of paper and pen across to her, then starts to put the things back into the basket while he speaks.
suddenly, the man and woman begin to run.
the lights of the empire state building form the backdrop for spider-man to swing slowly and gently through the city.
the empty glasses are placed on the bar.
his eyes still glowing.
forrest begins to guzzle the dr. pepper.
peering through the windshield.
she comes over and takes lizzie's hand.
dim light filtering through gratings above, washes over the curved brick work.
whatever it is, it's a cruciform sword; a christian cross which tapers down, like the blades of a broadsword.
as the guests start to leave, alex and ryan sit together.
harry's already looking at him.
george opens the door for her.
harry turns, studies the swaying swings, the carousel.
captain mike grits his teeth, then sets the engines full ahead and steams towards the u-boat.
the filmed scene continues as joe and charles argue.
wormtail opens the gate.
we are now aware that the salesman is now in his living room, lying out of sight on the sofa, because the smoke from a newly lighted cigar is starting to ascend toward the ceiling of his room.
as the collapsible drops below the deck, ismay glances up.
fergus, sitting up.
snape's face is somber.
mr. cunningham turns and stares at his class of eight and nine year old private school students.
mickey stands there holding two boxed gifts.
juno suddenly looks glum.
she looks up at him admiringly; then to loafers; back to.
next comes a large loaf of wonder bread and a large jar of hellman's mayonnaise.
and flies low over the devastated center of town
everett drives, shaking his head with a forebearing smile.
on the tower, school boy clamps a hand over the guard's mouth and plunges the serrated blade into the soldier.
he starts going through ricky's bureau.
a five-year-old jamal, covered in excrement.
as he starts to walk across the highway, camera pulls away and we.
clutching her bag to her and, with one hand on her hat, she strides away.
hooper steps off the stage and picks banky's head up off the floor.
the car pulls away, and thomas turns to regard his son.
purvis blinks, then looks over his shoulder.
moonlight catches the trace of tears on boromir's face.
rinpoche stops pouring.
ryan picks up his blackberry and reads a text from alex.
peter, standing beside her, gazes at her earnestly.
as she glides elegantly down from on high, the convoy of cars draws closer to her, their lights flashing.
aragorn rushes to frodo's side as he slumps to the floor.frodo appears to be dead.
gittes pulls out a cigarette case, offers the secretary one.
now, debbie lies with charlotte in her bed.
looking deeply troubled, his brow pinched, nick turns and walks off.
all the trains are delayed.
he grabs her roughly and drags her across the morgue, toward the equipment she pointed to.
he works at a stain on his necktie with lighter fluid and hankie.
the doors shut and the battered car drives itself across the grass towards a stone archway.
jack climbs over the railing at the back of the ship as it tilled sky over rapidly
harry runs to embrace hermione and ron.
harry frees the broomstick as the dragon lashes out, smashing the window to pieces.
valjean goes to help fauchelevent.
the pan starts on hi.
sheriff #2 continues with his story.
jessica bends down and gives him a peck on the cheek.
joe goes inside and makes his way into the kitchen.
he rolls on the pavement, then hurriedly rights himself and takes up a half-kneeling shooting stance.
she pulls it off over her head, revealing a silvery blue slip, then leans over on top of dillinger.
sue comes in.
she gasps once again, terrified.
the cliff edge is very close now.
his friends watch with amusement, but they too rise to follow as they head for the kitchen.
chewing some gum, the criminal gives a cocky smile.
a smile appears fleetingly on jamal's face as the host grins through gritted teeth.
spider-man's features are contorted as some of the webs start to break.
they're camped under a bridge.
he moves to one where the blind is not completely drawn.
elijah's sitting on a bar stool.
she straightens up a gash in her cheek, her yes dark.
they hurtle towards the military road block.
barnes takes the bullets for the president.
he's seated in some type of machine.
nigel keeps watch as everyone leaves the room through another door.
pointing at marilyn in the white dress serving a table.
jules snaps, savagely tipping the card table over, removing the only barrier between himself and brett.
she takes off her shoes and flings them aside.
the green goblin glides in for the kill as spider-man is lowering the cable car towards the barge.
a soldier shouts angrily and kicks one of the peasants in the head.
a little way further along the lake, harry is leaning against a tree observing the scene.
he lets go of her face and pins her arms behind her.
they're bumping slowly along a rocky track.
they both sit quietly for a moment.
blood covers the front of his t-shirt.
nelson fires wildly as the pursuit cars gain on him, returning fire.
peter steps up to the ticket window.
he watches a film.
he drags the washcloth off his face and looks at the kid.
sidney looks in at eleanor and clayton, who stand at a desk discussing an a3 mock-up of a potential magazine cover.
a pull back from the screen reveals that we are in marge's house.
the 5 ringwraiths utter a chilling screech of excitement.
hoffman sits with ferris in a cafe.
at home, he takes a couple of whiskey miniatures from his fridge.
gatsby steels himself and turns to daisy, smiling.
from mickey's prone form, the film moves to the two technicians, as seen through the window in the scanner room.
but another web shoots across to the next table and then sneers a tray.
pete encounters a guard, sucker punches him, and bangs his head against the counter.
men shake his hand.
eddie beams with pride and excitement as he accepts the acclamation of the sharks at ames.
the two people inside the car begins to kiss and embrace each other.
hoover marches out with the bespectacled suydam and a slender young man.
he quickly scans the lot, then kneels in the snow at the back of the parked car and starts unscrewing its license plate.
homer aims his automatic rifle and with dillinger, they shoot up the other police car, taking out a couple lawmen.
a figure carrying an umbrella marches towards the building.
and grinning at it, he passes by the policemen and into the cheers of the crowd.
gwarp sits playing with the bell and smiling innocently.
benjamin has a life jacket.
it starts its descent.
mozart looks hastily away from her.
miss lonely hearts' apartment.
on a city street, two cops look up to the sky.
gandalf leads pippin across a flat court of white stones, surrounded by green lawns towards a great hall beneath.
following through, dyle punches the large man full in the jaw, but instead of falling, scobie wraps his arm around dyle, holding on tightly until his head clears.
the others continue to bustle and pack.
with david, she shakes her head.
a necklace of blue stones lies on the snow, tipped out of its box.
he moves to the closet door and knocks on it before opening it.
they make hand movements as they dance.
then, seeing that the coast is clear, he offers a calming wave to his wife and young boy who wait anxiously for him inside the car.
these descriptions are old and faded.
tears in joe's eyes as he looks up at it -- not wanting to let go, but knowing he must.
one of them is cho, a pretty oriental girl.
it slides back under the bed
in his room at the sanitarium, nick removes a page from his typewriter.
mission island sits peacefully in the grey sea, beneath the cloudy sky.
as they confer, we watch elise dance.
turks wearing fezzes.
the wife quickly removes the glasses from the table.
she heads off.
they pull up less than 50 yards from the towering gates.
uncle billy remains sobbing at the table, his head in his arms.
he tries the siphon but it is empty.
curly-hair twin boys alec and oleg wait on the steps.
xenophilius stares out of a window.
he stands up immediately.
the scene is lamplighted from within.
the bludger hurtles back.
she stands close to him.
harry takes off the cloak and holds the lantern closer to a shelf.
ad lib sounds of an excited crowd can be heard.
a service elevator opens, and marcus and willie step out, willie towing a trolley of safe cracking equipment.
he snogs her.
he leaps down, fires into the air again, and sweeps a young woman standing in line into a full v-j dip, kissing her on the lips.
she turns her head away.
hi looks over at the tv, which the bam-shouting six-year-old is banging with his stick.
hi appears at her - the driver's-window.
the car is pummeled by insects, the windshield instantly covered in black and red bug guts.
andy stares at the coat, which has been slung over emily's monitor screen and sits stiffly down in her own chair.
she is very happy, and kisses jeff's cheek.
above the bar, joseph's white face appears upside down to david.
their eyes lock and he smiles.
as fats bends over to shoot, henry draws the venetian blinds.
dumbledore draws a great wave of water from the pools surrounding the fountain and submerges voldemort.
the burmese flag is raised on a pole.
dressed finely, they mingle with the guests, stealing as they go.
fergus tries to pretend he's familiar with the drink, and by implication, whatever are the norms of the place.
the adjustment officers watch david stride briskly outside.
rose grips the railing with her free hand as jack holds her up and on to the poop deck as jack wraps his arms around rose's torso and lifts her back over the rail.
a dying daisy frowns.
malfoy and his cronies look around for their invisible attacker.
the watcher in the trees is a guy called charlie frost.
in the reconstructed lab, down by the pier, octavius stands in the fusion chamber, studying the tritium.
laurel turns the name tag to face her.
she reaches for the doorknob, turns it.
a 1970 pontiac firebird with racing stripes blocks our access to the garage.
ron glares around the common room then follows harry upstairs.
a man in a green, flight suit is standing on a levitating glider.
tess runs up.
charles sees her and leaves the room.
she sits down and faces him.
he looks up at the structure and the limb.
the groundsman trudges along, marking white lines.
hugh follows charlie out of the plane.
laurie emerges from the closet and carefully crosses the bedroom, avoiding the shape's body.
lance angrily knocks over a pile of shit and leaves the shot heading for the living room.
hi murmurs something to comfort her.
he looks out on the gaudy lights of time square.
she pets the cat.
in the snowy car park, ryan talks to craig on his cell phone.
a crow pecks his hand as he undoes the chain.
gandalf stands as the camera pulls back to reveal him stranded on the summit of orthanc.
he reaches over and grabs her roughly.
hermione glares, stomps over and wrenches the rucksack from ron's shoulder.
in the palm of man, standing deep in the trees.
ginny is a little way behind.
looking .straight up the steep slopes of mount doom, a huge mass of ash and slag and burned stone!
vic cradles his dead twin.
he has passed her, he's in the doorway.
cals turns and runs with the others, then stops.
jack leans on a railing for a balance and stares into the sea.
umbridge stands in front of harry and smiles sweetly down at him, her eyebrows raised.
the students follow hagrid around the edge of the sunlit forest to a grassy clearing surrounded by a low wall.
she listens a moment.
he walks back outside wearing a towel.
they stroll offscreen.
third class passengers are disembarking here, and on shore, separated by a wire fence from the rest of the pier.
he looks nicole over.
a circle of reflected sunlight and the earth form the two os.
she finishes cutting a skirted paperdoll out of a hundred dollar bill and lays it down beside a male hundred-dollar paper-doll.
jackson gets into a stretch limo with black dark windows.
harry passes hedwig's cage to ron.
peter puts his hand on harry's shoulder.
hermione, ron, and harry apparate nearby.
ron and harry are holding hermione's hands.
they both steel themselves to walk past but the beefy woman is utterly engrossed.
debbie tries to hide a smile.
wearing leather gloves and scarlett and gold cloaks, the gryffindor quidditch team assemble in the player's tunnel.
joe hits again and crash!
we are rushing toward the house, toward the base of the ladder, the sustained scream drawing us on.
an ancient black man rhythmically pumps its long seesaw handle.
laurie crosses to answer the phone.
and goes out on to the porch to investigate.
the group at the top, staring down.
he leans out and fires.
now it is pete's turn to be stunned.
she stares at him, a burning spite in her eyes.
slughorn turns and sees harry.
hi is wearily entering after a long day at work, clutching his lunchpail.
he takes it, opens it, puts on reading glasses that sit halfway down his nose, and inspects the bill with his head pulled back for focus and cocked for concentration.
jay raises his fist as if to strike.
she is flanked by rabid faces and by smiling loafers, one of whom carries an axe.
the red tail lights ahead start to turn.
rick and renault look up when they hear the buzz of a plane taking off from the adjacent airfield.
it's addressed to marius.
a second girl turns up.
a circular chocolate pud, garnished with raspberries.
gandhi and the procession of marchers and ashramites stride down the dusty road toward them.
sitting on them and milling aimlessly around, are some thirty alcoholics.
walt heads back into his house.
he goes over to the door to the parlor and enters.
one of the bridesmaids catches it.
jeff is seated in the dark, his face lit by the faint glow from the distant street.
he stands over draco.
his face is pale, and he has a bandage on one hand.
suddenly, a flurry of letters cascades down the chimney and out into the sitting room.
finally he grabs the satchel of diamonds and runs out the door.
his reaction is one of tender amusement.
jack is at the wrecked gas station.
a chinook helicopter stands outside a large hanger.
he hovers for a moment until the golden snitch appears in front of him.
he runs up the wooden steps to the upper level of the wharf
walt mows his front lawn with a push mower.
she has a shawl wrapped tightly around her.
he turns the picture away and splashes liquor into his coffee.
disgusted, he drops the cup on the floor and gets up from the table.
she shuts the door.
javert lowers his gaze.
gandalf tumbles towards the top of the chamber.as if falling in reverse.
he whips back up, smashes the goblin in the face, pulls him back with a webbed thread and then volleys him with his left foot through a partition.
his head suddenly jerks up and he looks at us, as if he realizes he's being watched.
they pass through the cascade, and the rail-cart comes to a halt.
in two quick dissolves we see the five rings, then six, then nine.
ruby, thirteen, pops her head up like a rifle-target.
among them we see enjolras, marius, and the radical students.
he opens the door to a closet and hangs up some shirts.
she wears blue sneakers and jeans under her pale flowery dress.
then he gently tugs the car door closed.
they head up a tree-lined hill.
peter glances at his landlord's daughter, watching from a doorway.
nullah dreams his grandfather finds water and catches a fish.
he stops and looks down the hall at mickey, who's now struggling to open the bathroom door.
indy and henry are pulling at the ropes with great urgency.
enjolras and the students throw themselves onto the barricades, firing at the attackers, handing their rifles down to others to be re-loaded, firing again.
he enters the quiet office, passing a row of empty chairs against the wall of a waiting area.
ed suddenly bursts out crying.
the next morning whip watches nicole as she briefly stirs in her sleep.
her attention is drawn to the sweater.
the women hold out their arms gracefully forming delicate arcs before gliding back into their starting positions.
sitting across from diana, sandy's daughters stare warily at her.
he then hops up quickly.
he's falling on his back.
now into view come the leaders of a great funeral procession.
and she looks at him.
he grasps onto the handrails.
beyond it, inside the ghetto, a narrow street leading to deserted buildings.
walks a little.
aghast, she pulls off the scarf and throws it under a desk.
neville is disturbed.
and the power of the charge is terrible, the pain enormous, but he clings to his grip at fezzik's windpipe.
later, jenny tucks the baby into his cot, then goes over to kiss patrick, who's snug in his little bed.
he finds a pair of flippers.
water floods a staircase and streams down a long corridor leading to the office.
he tugs out more weeds.
this is it.
harry looks confused.
wick shrugs and goes to the hall for his hat.
he drops onto his feet on a ledge.
phil and mimi carlson are coming up the stairs as the braddocks are moving down.
his hand reaches into his coat and slides out his wedding band.
zoe, who's been walking along park benches next to kate, stops and leans across to whisper in kate's ear.
gatsby looks at daisy, framed by the fountain.
blood begins to drip from mia's nose.
hilly kisses billy on the head and hands him over to yule mae.
norm is in a dressing gown.
she and skeeter can barely keep a straight face.
rick, at the bar, gets glasses and a bottle of champagne.
snape eyes harry coldly.
the werewolf lashes out at him.
helmeted, jackbooted ss men, led by an nco, pour out of the vehicle.
she tries to get back into the kitchen.
vanessa gazes into the baby's face and beams.
we see the man who left his apartment in anger come out of the doorway into the backyard.
smoke rises into the air around the wrecked vehicle as barnes makes his way to the back doors.
xenophilius moves from the window and finds a piece of paper.
dil checks her watch and stubs out a cigarette.
after evelyn looks, she turns to gittes.
a punch from a mechanical limb sends spider-man to the floor where he lies helpless.
the tall handsome presenter leads a bullish don through the dark studio into the lights of the set.
indy opens one half of the curtains dividing the hall from the sitting room.
harry walks in, he's dressed in a more conventional suit.
the van speeds toward an intersection's red light.
hi steps up next to her and puts an arm around her shoulder.
gittes sees evelyn's oriental servant rush through the living room of the small house.
karen fights a smile.
a fisherman's float plops onto the surface creating a ring around it.
rose steps to the bottom of the staircase.
he beams; no reaction from the workers.
he comes running back to the hall.
parrish is struck dumb.
the only light in the apartment is from a reading lamp.
tom comes in, digging in his purse as he comes.
still reflected in the mirror, the doctor looks up at the saleswoman.
but none of his blows get through and, slowly, inigo, again moves forward.
his classmates laugh.
holmes sniffs it and puts it down.
neville hurries away from the bullying crabbe and goyle.
as he reaches for the curtain, it explodes outward, animated by thrashing limbs.
bert's bodyguards stand around, waiting for the word.
both he and mickey are now seen through the second doorway.
then it's back to a closer look at holly and david in their box.
it is a break in their independence conference, and as he lights a cigarette, a weary gandhi approaches him with azad.
an armed guard opens the door.
kate places an arm around zoe, and she too closes her eyes.
merrill spots a pickaxe.
willie uses a plasma welder on the safe.
then she leans forward, cups his face with her hands and they kiss, a long, lingering kiss.
as she unbuttons his shirt for him, he takes her face in his hands and kisses her.
elijah watches the man disappear into the station, looks down, and launches himself down the stairs.
he leaps into the ferry.
bo looks up at the bear.
the girls near it step back.
he places one before ugarte.
outside a hut, sarah hands a book to a puzzled child.
helen overtakes him and blocks his way.
reggie slowly lowers the phone to its cradle, a worried expression on her face.
jody rises.
forrest holds out an ice cream cone for lt. dan.
juno shows vanessa the picture.
she puts her coat on and turns to face him.
beyond them, hagrid's hut glimmers desolately in the dying sun.
she turns and looks at him.
harry prises him off.
he climbs down again, opening the bottle fiercely.
the shape moves to the top of the staircase and starts down toward her.
a dog barks, jarring juno back to reality.
javier points a gun at the president's head.
indy and henry press themselves against the wall, henry still holding the broken vase in his hand.
rambo draws an arrow on lewis and aims it at the bald man's right eye.
as he bounces the baby, studying hi and ed.
david gazes out his window at a passing scaffold creating a canopied sidewalk by a construction site.
viktor pours another glass of vodka
the queen and tony leave the room and walk down a corridor.
the suited man stands at the end of the dock by railings.
as he sings he walks out onto the roof and stands by the symbol of the hq, a monumental stone eagle.
harry wipes his nose, with his sleeve.
another name comes out.
robbie watches them with a warm smile,
ruby opens it quickly; it is a cheap costume-jewelry flower- spray.
the queen walks down a dimly lit corridor.
sitting in her father's arms, a young brunette girl watches a fleet of gleaming automobiles arrive.
jack studying david.
he starts to move forward.
people in suits and dark dresses move somberly in and out of the front door of the home.
the centaurs grab her.
dante skates off.
daniel walks off.
two other g-men approach the luxury car.
they stare at him blankly.
he sits and opens the laptop, which displays a picture of sadiki.
kate grabs jackson and yanks him inside the plane.
bo catlett and harry are laughing as harry, very drunk now finishes another drink.
krum picks out a dragon.
ron kicks the diadem back in to the burning room.
sadie tears apart her closet looking for clothes.
aragorn holds anduril aloft.
lester turns down the volume on the stereo.
dillinger talks to the rugged gangster.
lighted candles hang above their heads as they sit at the long tables listening to the choir.
a stewardess hands ryan a glass of champagne.
he pulls the coffee table under the light fixture, puts the chair on it, climbs up and retrieves his bottle.
klaatu watches the ticket fight and takes a bite of the sandwich.
he shuts the door.
he turns from the door.
then he spots his reflection in the window.
a man knocks him into a running crowd.
she takes a key out of her purse and again steps to the window.
he wears a hat and carries a brief-case.
halfway up the hill, they stop and look back towards the cottage.
behind the counter, a plainly dressed woman paces in an office.
spider drives down the road and stops beside the black sedan.
she is topless.
she moves away from the camera into the center of the room, as she says.
george sees the cartoon on the easel and bends down for a close look at it.
and he throws the six-fingered sword into his right hand and immediately, the tide of battle turns.
they follow ugarte to the cashier's window.
an air of tense expectancy pervades the room.
snape turns back and raises his eyebrows.
the desk lamp is still lighted.
a middle-aged man with bags under his eyes, a black fur hat and a black leather coat over his coffee uniform, emerges from a tent.
a worried charlie picks up the case and stands by mutely, watching eddie disintegrate.
merrill gets onto the roof with morgan and holds him steady as morgan points the receiver up to the sky.
he holds out his hand and opens the door.
pippin, his eye caught by something lying in the water.
it multiplies as it goes.
the man grabs the boy from jack, then knocks jack against a wall.
he smiles good-humoredly and considers.
peter leans forward and shuts the door.
they pull up in a suburban street.
a dementor looms over harry and opens its great mouth as if to suck his energy.
harry raises the basilisk's poison fang.
spider-man turns to see why.
the bride and groom are dancing when the bride spots jane.
merrill remains motionless.
he looks again to the grail diary.
he gets to his feet
celia coyly touches her slender waist.
officer paski is pulling the barbecue fork out of their dead dog's neck.
miss hearing aid turns down the volume of her hearing aid and goes back to her apartment.
the kid has flicked up the speed on the remote even higher.
they look down one of the aisles.
a short time later he takes a suitcase from under his bed and opens it to reveal his red and blue spider man suite.
he rolls to his right and sidles up next to his wife, who lightly touches his shoulder.
having completed his call, thorwald returns to the bedroom carrying the handbag.
two chasers zoom past harry.
now, the bennet sisters are taking lunch with the gardiners.
the little remaining glass is cracked and shattered.
lt. dan, annoyed, takes the ice cream cone and drops it into his bed pan.
cole's arms are covered in tiny cuts and bruises.
mike is thrown, turning to look at her.
the inscription on the gravestone reads.
frodo looks at sam, pain in his eyes.
he grabs hold of the next quaffle.
machine turns off.
a guy in his late 20s wakes and sits up with a start.
the commander walks up to the boy and inspects him.
gladys rockets to her feet, knocking her table over.
strange to hear it put that way.
martin -- as detective hathaway -- fires a gun -- shooting cary, dressed in a dirty suit, as a man turning into a zombie -- his eyes wide and glossy white -- and as he is hit by the bullets, he slams his hand onto his chest -- blood bursts all over him and he falls painfully to the ground.
an elderly woman sits next to the man.
margaret reaches for her son and pulls him close.
edward takes an impossible shot at the buzzer from the other end of the court.
she opens the card.
debbie is stunned.
she looks at the scars.
bellatrix stands close to him.
aragorn, a little older, dressed in the casual finery of a gondorian noble.
ron puts the golden egg on the table.
jenny challenges miss stubs with a look.
cricket puts on her doc martens as evan watches the worms.
louise stops as she is about to get in and faces thelma who's standing on the other side of the car.
the pictures snaps to black.
desi pulls a brown top from a clothing rack.
he jumps up from his seat,
he talks to the goblin mask.
graham is forced to look to his right.
indy, brody and elsa walk along the narrow canal, lined with buildings on either side.
laughing boy stops when he sees the big man directly in front of him.
pete enters the room and finds sadie with tears in her eyes.
bond drops his gun.
she gets off the boat.
at the airport, ryan walks up to a desk with a sign beside it.
he recalls voldemort's attack.
all turn, see lavender bent over her textbook.
black smoke trails from the ship's funnels as jack and rose stand at the rail high above the water
he steps out in his new garb.
she looks out of the airplane window at a port with a ship moored at a wharf.
we see ilsa's troubled profile.
this is private -- beautiful and still.
then the door opens and mike appears.
indy steps to the window and looks down.
maynard hangs back while zed appraises the two men.
below and across the street, a man stands under an arch.
while jeff is continuing his phone conversation, we see the object of his look.
she is shocked, embarrassed, pleased, conflicted, an instant and wide spectrum of emotions.
she glances in as the person passes and, still chewing, gets out her notebook and jots something down.
howard's stomach explodes in a shower of steaming liquid.
she strokes his hair.
neff gets up and goes to her.
the roof starts to cave in on bond.
ray bones checks his man to get some appreciation, but the guy's too busy looking at the hair rinses and shit on the counter.
jules just looks at him.
it's more than kay can bear.
he swiftly bows to her.
whoooosh - as the crowd scatters, the cross descends toward big dan, frozen, looking up.
gollum, huddled on the ground sobbing and sam makes for smeagol again with a look of murderous rage.
the tollkeeper's chair slips out from under him with a crash.
the woman takes her coat and leaves.
finally, neville's head, as he pulls himself up.
valjean, now in his own bedroom, hears the scream and turns to the window.
a beat, then he notices a bored boy in the next row over.
he lets himself into his small, sparsely furnished apartment.
seeing the car, myrtle runs into the road.
next to an armchair, a pair of needles hang in mid-air knitting a multi-colored garment.
alastier hands the sheet to tony.
the open knife is in his hand.
reluctantly, she sidles over.
daisy watches pensively as gatsby goes with herzog.
will walks towards it, running a hand along the wallpaper.
suddenly he runs up the stairs.
she starts to hand him a large mirror from her purse -- then thinks better of it.
more credits appear and blow away as if made of sand.
alyssa watches them go, then turns and kisses kim.
at the end of the hall is a bathroom.
jack and rose continue on, pressing passed a group of people kneeling around a priest.
he looks round at skip, who throws out his hands.
they walk; singers in background.
she sidles closer, coming on to him.
the sorting hat is placed on his head.
he takes out the piece of broken mirror.
and turns around
cabinets and shelves lining one side of a building.
laszlo takes a drink.
ryan looks craig in the eye.
he wheels himself behind a desk.
but then something catches his attention and as he stares at it briefly.
he suddenly notices a herd of cattle grazing at the roadside and murmurs.
their eyes lock together, but closes the cab door rather then get in.
evan follows.
irritated, jane stares at him, hard.
they hurtle along with a sheer drop on one side and the mass of cattle on the other.
the door opens and the maintenance man reappears, wearing a cap and with a bag slung across his body.
she looks idly around.
up above spider-man is gaining on.
the vehicles collide.
as she continues, she puts aside the book and takes up her mending.
she runs a hand up the back of his neck, and he lifts his head briefly.
benjamin playfully engulfs her in a stripy towel.
the alien suddenly stops in its tracks.
she turns back to look at him.
retrieving the knife, graham slices off the creature's fingers.
they swoop by hms belfast and head upriver towards westminster.
as valjean and gillenormand look on, marius and cosette sing their love to each other.
hanging on the rail, a spider-man outfit, and a suit, shirt and tie.
we are now given a waist-high shot as the focus is adjustment by jeff.
he takes a step forward, then falls to ground.
she appears at head of stairs.
cal raises his brows,
tommy looks up at the hotel as chili takes a pair of leather gloves from top of the dash, opens the door.
pull back: to reveal theoden stares around at the streets and people of edoras.
a man wearing running shoes and a woman wearing high heels sit, their feet far apart from each other.
it has green glowing eyes and a lick of fire for a tongue.
steeling himself, he dives in.
pete comes out the same door with a plate carrying three cupcakes.
a third man, mr. hurst, comes over.
she is underneath a younger, cuter man on the living room sofa.
nate follows andy out.
he jumps to his feet, spotting david, who boards a bus.
the patil twins walk past.
harry sits on the ground beside him.
she points at hermione.
the flames are now out and peter stands in the road, an oxygen mask.
she pulls open the vault door.
over ben's shoulder, we can see his face reflected in the glass door and, through it, mrs. robinson sitting in the veranda room.
he joins the others at the edge of the cliff, looking down at the wreckage below with a bewildered expression.
gatsby turns back.
he pulls out his sword, ready to cut frodo's throat.
the colonel steps out of the shadows.
it rolls down a cobbled passageway and zooms away towards the forest, leaving ron and harry far behind.
back at the cliff, fletcher places a crocodile-skinned boot on the pile of rocks which is flynn's grave.
his friends congratulate him.
still standing next to the old woman, edward smiles.
in his bedroom at hogwarts, harry is packing his trunk.
platter of horses' hooves snaps at the rubbery.
twenty-year old don price falls face-forward on the tile, face mushed in the grout.
maynard looks back and forth at the victims.
he is about to kill them.
his wife, jane, is now out of the car.
lynn has been carrying cole's sweater from over her shoulder.
as gatsby drops lifelessly into the water, wilson puts the barrel of the gun in his own mouth and fires.
she ruffles his hair, and smiles at him.
ernie is trying to get some system into the chaos.
harry lets out a shout and holds his head, he is in pain.
a man in a sleeveless t-shirt and boxer shorts has run over behind walter and grabbed him from behind on a backswing of the crowbar.
wearing a white suit, gatsby walks up with a line of staff all holding up umbrellas.
david looks across at her.
the tray is now full of dust, cocaine and debris.
emily has a cold.
the guard is carrying a folded blanket over his arm.
fergus is sitting by a chair, gun in his hand, watching the prisoner.
theoden looks up at the mountain which looms behind them.
the boy wanders off and santa scratches his own ass.
as he positions himself on the other side of the lift, she steals a look at him.
lynn's eyes moves to cole.
a nazi soldier appears and pulls henry down.
he holds them at gunpoint.
indy releases the scarf, gives herman a pat and herman dashes off.
some jurors murmur to each other.
nick searches around on a shelf behind zoe and brings out a bowl and bunch of basil.
fergus leads him hack toward the greenhouse.
down they come, holding their mother high between them on their hands.
hermione gives ron a withering look.
long-legged alicia is left holding the bag.
skeeter slumps down on a sofa, looking annoyed.
his brow furrowed, hani opens the file and looks through photographs of groups of men.
close on the face of ricky fitts, illuminated by the screen of his digicam as he videotapes.
the dew freezes, the grass grows brittle.
her tea is poured.
camera and shape quickly move behind a tree to hide from sight.
his car screeches to a halt, mounting the curb as he parks outside nick's place.
houdini just sits staring at them.
lizzie's composure deserts her and she takes long, deep breath to try and calm herself.
the biker slues the other gun around.
it is lee brackett, annie's father.
when the daimler has passed fergus, he turns around and walks back.
later she's with emily, who's lying in bed with a broken leg and some cuts and bruises.
prisoners begin screaming vicious taunts and catcalls at the fresh batch of new inmates.
joe drops a torch.
graham turns morgan's head to face him.
now on his feet, he watches as one of the women places silverware in a cupboard.
removing the oxygen tubes from her nose, emily watches ben, then slowly reaches out, and caresses the back of one of his hands with her fingertips.
pictures hang on the aisle ends of the shelves.
it has no lock.
mickey begins pacing around the room again.
a girl cycles past a garage apartment on a leafy street.
sandy lies on his side next to the fire, and diana snuggles up behind him.
we are high and wide on the office building's parking lot.
this time we don't cut.
madame maxime is over eight feet tall.
and suddenly a car drives very fast toward them, headlights on.
he makes to attack the leader, who shrinks back.
there is a movement lower down the staircase.
later, rose removes the butterfly cone from her hair.
young jenny hill watches barefoot edward leave spectre for the first time.
his head moves back to lisa as she answers with a touch of pride in her voice.
they smile and look into each other's eyes.
she finishes, looks plaintively at gittes.
gandalf and saruman stride through orthanc toward a stone plinth on which a sphere like shape is draped with a cloth.
later, he sits with her.
he shows the blood.
he starts to go out the door, and closes it behind him.
beside the platform, stands a handsome steam engine.
he looks in every room of the wing until he finds.
he moves down the center aisle towards the back.
he smiles and looks at the ring.
she jumps to save marley from the attentions of toddler patrick.
peter furrows his brow and studies something.
cherie gently shakes her head.
she leaves; his eyes stay on her.
a large and austere christ on the cross hangs over the altar.
she smothers him with still another kiss.
he wears heavy tortoise-framed glasses which fall down his nose and cause him to push them back in place every so often with a quick automatic motion.
now, the pattersons eat dinner with diana.
several of the helmeted men close in.
the camera is panning slowly along a section of the wall.
melvin unnerved.
he falls into the paddy field onto a grenade.
he dispatches heinkin, mccullough and cavic.
harry is left alone in the room.
an officer unlocks dillinger's wrist restraints.
a small stream runs through it.
they see fudge talking to lucius malfoy.
she takes it over to the window, and starts to fill it.
as they pull into their driveway, the smile fades from pete's face.
amid the screams and sounds of chaos we dissolve through to.
he unpacks a strange brown garment and holds it up.
holden and banky politely join in.
the gang leader takes off his suit coat and handgun, and ambles to a set of closed double doors.
wearing a long, black coat, ron walks behind her, his head bowed.
the chief's land rover reverses into a wall, which explodes in a fireball.
tony waits for the queen to be seated before sitting down opposite of her.
a truck backing up.
small explosions shoot flames from portholes.
westley, speaking to buttercup as humperdinck sits.
laszlo signals the waiter.
he packs his tie pouch, straightens up and sees the cardboard cut-out.
the club, not yet open for business, is deserted.
he fires into a wall.
the other officer stands back with his hand by his sidearm.
a dark haired woman in a police uniform leans casually in a doorway leading to the front hall.
on another, a smiling christine next to a birthday cake.
sepia footage of mr. daws collapsing by a mailbox.
but fergus rises and walks out.
rambo stares back at him.
harry clings to cedric's body.
peter watches her, then closes his eyes and shakes his head incredulously.
by the light of several candles, zoe acts out a charade.
the television reveals forrest as he stands at the schoolhouse door.
he nods, she takes it off, puts it in a box and gives it to him.
mary, just slipping into a robe, covering her complete nudity.
they smile and garland leads ferris into the house.
he looks up from his seat to see that sophie's wearing his mother's ring.
meanwhile, jack, rose, fabrizio, and tommy arrive on the upper deck.
her eyes are closed.
aragorn severs the tentacleholding frodo, and pulls him to safety.boromir hacks at the other writhing limbs.
a crowded and dirty street and here comes melvin.
he smiles as he turns toward rick.
harry stretches out his hand.
the physio carries mcfarland off, piggyback.
graham smiles down at his son who smiles gently back.
the rusty grey shape of the tall boy missile is lodged in the ground and leaning against the branch.
bond gulps whiskey.
he skulks off, then races back, gesticulating wildly.
mike sighs, deciding to level with her.
placing his coffee in the seat beside him, he eyes elise's number on the back of one of his business cards.
kyle stares at the dying man -- a moment of hesitation -- then he rushes to help.
a blinding flash a tenth of a second long sears the agents' eyeballs.
her long hair trails down over his cheek, until mj pulls back.
he carefully clenches his fist around it.
karen looks at the two of them sitting there.
don looks up.
it lands at gandhi's feet.
she shakes jack's hand.
the boat is heading towards a promontory topped by a grand villa overlooking the turquoise blue sea.
there are tears in the seated harry's eyes as he stares up at peter.
he pulls his own gun and aims it at jeebs' forehead.
she pedals a flywheel.
the mia-made cigarette is brought up to her lips, and she takes a long, cool drag.
turns the wheel until it stops.
hal, max, other plainclothes officers follow.
gandalf is breathing hard on the floor, his eyes look into the madness of saruman.
the trio emerge from the bridge and make their way toward hagrid's hut.
and the saucer is there, embedded in the earth, tipped off-kilter in a mound of debris.
emily looks disappointed.
ron holds up a bag of squashed sandwiches.
jolene runs up onto the stage.
harry gently places his hand on dumbledore's heart.
close on: shelob screams, her mandibles thrashing wildly, green ooze trickling from her wounded eye.
dillinger glances at the man over his shoulder, then leans toward billie.
he comes to the barbed wire.
he looks down and starts to sob.
they both stand watching robbie.
forrest continues to run, smashing through the band members, then all the way toward the team tunnel.
bellowing hopefully after his departing car.
later, the staircases swing from side to side into different positions.
he picks up some of the pages and a pen, and puts them on the writing table.
just inside, an older guard opens a steel door.
billie smiles at him and gets out of the car.
edward pulls a photo out of his flak jacket.
he lowers the phone.
they come to an intersection in the middle of nowhere.
the massive steel bands holding gort are also being eaten away.
the car rolls over in flames.
fantine recognizes valjean and moves away.
he lowers his eyes.
michael remains silent.
veins stand out on javier's forehead as he presses the gun up to enrique forehead.
but she passes without noticing it.
she pauses for a moment, lost in thought.
evacuees file through the city past fences topped with barbed wire.
the guests freeze.
suddenly the doors begin to buckle as the shape pounds on them.
clad in a simple gray dress, she wears a dull expression.
hie padlock is locked on the other side.
through a frost window, we see laurie bending over the welcome mat.
the bankers all obey.
peter puts his hand on her thigh and raises her leg.
from far above the hills we see a car traveling along the road.
a train is coming the other way.
elijah quickens into a jog now.
indy has the throttle down, both hands tightly gripping the steering wheel.
lizzie takes a seat.
jack moves close to joe -- intimidating -- joe steps back -- jack is fucking intense.
aunt may kisses peter on the cheek and walks away.
he opens it and flips through old newspaper clippings about american football.
'6000 paces to rio seco, thence 7000 paces to loma linda, etc.'
this kills her -- but she does: she leaves the house.
the electric lights, burning on heedlessly, offend him and he snaps off the light switch.
sighing, she digs out her keys and starts to fit it into the lock.
ron steps out of the tent.
billie stares off.
then it turns and heads straight for harry, chasing after him.
all look at the table: it's covered in stains and the veneer is coming away at one end.
jane and lizzie take a stroll in the gardens.
forrest looks at jenny like he's never seen a woman in her underwear before.
it's bustling with shady clientele.
he faces forward and glances at red.
ron and hermione fuss over their daughter, rose.
watson opens the curtains and looks into his old office.
bond gets control, then they duck a hail of bullets.
the snake appears and slithers through the doorway towards a figure hidden in an armchair.
and he shifts his style now.
during this, camera moves closer to george.
jeep keeps his eyes on the road, then runs to the diner.
elliot and lee can be seen dancing cheek to cheek in the reflection of a mirror over a dresser.
hooper explodes, he pulls a nine millimeter from his belt, draws on banky and fires.
he turns to look back at the others and swallows.
the door opens, and they rush through.
the boys sell the shoes from a store.
rose continues to blow into the whistle as the rescuers shine their lights on her.
mary and ernie have come into the room during this scene.
some of the students are injured.
he sits in an armchair.
evan holds a tattered journal entry in his hand and finishes up a conversation.
her fingers nervously pick at a handkerchief and her eyes are watching the elevator doors anxiously.
jamal stares dumbfounded at latika.
as he passes the sergeant, the sergeant takes his billy club, and faces the crowd, rapping the club menacingly against his hand.
a shaky animation of a figure wearing a long coat and a hat.
the weapon is fixed onto its tripod and the belt-fed ammunition loaded into the breech.
bullets rip up the concrete.
going back to the door they find three intervention officers on their way up.
backstage, benjamin approaches a man with a clipboard.
she takes off her hooded sweatshirt and thrusts it into vanessa's arms who sets it on a bench.
don emerges with the florist's box, careful not to be seen.
their lips are seen moving but what they say is not heard.
without any warning, the burly man throws a vicious punch at george, who goes down and out.
the agent backs nervously away from the window.
gandalf turns to look at theoden.
forrest drops lt. dan down at the bank, next to the other wounded soldiers.
george's hand goes to his mouth.
harry falls onto a stiff roof and hurtles downwards.
they enter the spacious hallway.
as a child, benjamin resembles a bald, old man.
then all over the theater they begin to stand and on the stage until everyone is standing.
tommy looks over as ray bones - smaller bandage on the top of his head - and his man enter the shop.
the ground falls away as the rv lands narrowly between the widening canyon.
evan's temper flares and he picks up a chair and smashes it against a wall above thumper's head.
sees him unhappy.
he's wearing a dressing gown and pajamas.
she opens the box.
sirius opens his eyes and shudders with horror.
the room is utterly silent.
aragorn, his back to gandalf.
she ushers minnie into the house, swigging from a bottle of cola.
he moves to the bedroom door, opens it and goes out.
we see mary get out of cab, pay driver, cross pavement to the office door.
jessica examines the photo carefully.
harry stares at the door a moment, senses chili staring at him.
lt. dan slaps the bumper of the taxi.
indy holds the lighter up and he and elsa enter another dark passageway.
he raises his hand and waves, then turns and goes towards the trucks.
he dodges another burst of flame.
audrey watches in horror as the dark shapes reach the diner.
mary succeeds in wresting the phone from george's hand.
gandhi sits cross-legged, listening.
she frowns to herself, her lips parted.
water comes to her eyes, and she lowers her head.
zed turns and walks away.
jody coughs, but keeps the cigarette in his lips.
all the women are heavily made-up.
later, she is in the head mistress' office.
jane looks at us and sits up.
panning a circle of men who sit facing each other in folding chairs.
the crew members and rose's granddaughter, lizzie, stare at her.
the polygraph operator stares fixedly at his screen through glasses perched on the end of his nose.
the injection is ready.
david turns and walks away.
it bursts into flames.
graham's eyes dart nervously around.
dr. redfield catches up with the rest of the guards.
they lie kissing face to face.
at last, ron comes round.
then david steps back to look around.
jamal arrives at the open top floor which has no walls and offers panoramic views of mumbai.
grandma is sitting on the porch.
bleeker is visibly relieved.
sebastian comes racing down the hall and scurries past cole.
now his point of view looks up the dresses of the passing chorines.
he turns it on.
the surgeon wearing a suit which even covers his feet drops lumbs of blubbery flesh into a basin.
and takes the phone call in the galley.
pete, delmar and everett emerge from the woods and gaze down at the river.
but another one lands in its place.
each is carrying a musical-instrument case.
lee looks down again; the music plays softly and elliot continues to stare at her, thinking.
as the soldier raises the gun to henry's face, brody hits him over the head with a canister.
later, merrill is upstairs, hammering boards the door to the children's bedroom.
baby face picks up two cash bundles and tosses one to shouse.
the whole family group stares at one another.
pink walks over to the cop's body.
he catches the ball and starts running.
he moves stacks of comic, tosses some dirty clothes behind the bed -- pair of underwear and socks.
morgan relaxes his grip on his father's jeans.
gatsby sees tom and nick follow marlene upstairs.
sam punches buttons on his phone and talks into the mic of his hands-free kit.
jamal looks on helplessly as the car speeds off into the traffic.
she starts to walk away.
his face betrays no emotion.
as her friend points him out, cho smiles.
mounted indian police are coming down either side of the street, a wave of foot police running forward down the center.
paula puts her wineglass down.
amos takes a long look at him.
enrique jumps up onto the podium and runs across it, only to be tackled by barnes.
he passes in front of the fruit and vegetable display and goes between the stalls into the market.
he ponders the scene as he walks past the statue and a small front garden and down the sidewalk.
he attempts heart massage standing up.
the preacher points both hands at benjamin.
raindrops pour down the letter, smudging the writing.
david lets him get about twenty feet away before deciding to follow him.
laszlo and carl make their way through the darkness toward a side entrance of rick's.
a man climbs up to peer in it, but the well is dry.
sitting on the can, don price pinches a loaf while reading the new playboy.
walking along the crowded pavement, mary jane looks wretched and alone.
as the bear opens the door for bo catlett and ronnie.
she wears long white evening gloves.
he switches on the light in the little entrance hall, flips his hat jauntily to a hook on the coat-rack and comes into the living room.
ryan swims in the hotel swimming pool.
he turns back to the babe and sees he's smeared chocolate over her face.
peter sits doodling in doctor connors' class.
moriarty turns to holmes.
with a sly look, the host sees jamal being led in by staff.
kate rounds a corner and enters the restaurant, walking straight past paula who's standing by the door chatting to two customers.
indy grabs kazim just in time and jumps into the motorboat, driven by elsa, which gets alongside in the nick of time.
they pull up to a hospital, and david carries elise inside.
the lawyer's hands gently help him from chair.
he holds a small square.
forrest looks to the other side where a boy sits alone on a larger seat.
group shot through door-glass, from john's view point preacher, willa and pearl surround a little table.
and get in a taxi.
she finally stoops down and picks up a rock, weighting it in her hand.
the man in the check shirt leans out of a pickup and smashes a bottle over the head of a black woman strolling along a city street at night.
she smiles and nods.
jessica runs a red light.
dave sitting at the bar, sulking.
a boy with very fair hair tears a page from a book.
indy loops a rope around the wheels, jamming the mechanism and stopping the blades in mid-swipe.
gandalf hurries out the door.leaving frodo standing alone in the bag end.
he closes a bible and walks out to a ledge overlooking paris.
stuart takes the memo, reading it.
he takes out his binoculars and looks down at a collection of stone houses.
anna wanders into the road as the ambulance approaches.
michael lowers his flashlight.
then climbs after it.
he grabs her hand, yanks her out.
willie eyes the kid a little impatiently.
he points his thumb upstairs.
watson follows.
beside the headline is a black and white drawing of the heroic figure in a cape, with a particularly prominent square jaw.
george backs away and gets set to hit bert again.
from somewhere distant, through the song, we can just hear a rhythmic clack of metal on metal.
darkness fills the land.
sam looking behind him in time to see.
camera tracks behind the hedge where loomis sits waiting.
harry looks at him.
gollum triumphantly holds the ring aloft.
he bends, picks up the typewriter and starts downstairs.
the tip of his wand, lights up.
benjamin turns the ship's wheel.
aunt may is lying on the floor, leaning against her bed.
kyle aims his assault rifle and audrey aims her pistol at the van as it stops by the pumps.
he laughs, and extends his hand to the colonel.
he stares in horror at the reflection on the screen, a tall humanoid form silhouetted against the window, holding morgan across one of its arms.
everyone looks at him surprised.
cheryl looks at his utensils.
evan's stump turns on a bathtub faucet.
lynn is kneeling on the kitchen floor trying to coax the puppy out of the broom closet.
bubba sits down next to forrest.
kayleigh nods and they walk down the street.
isildur, son of the king of gondor, leads an army across the plains of dagorlad.
inside, they enter a long, dim hallway.
jack looks up as rose steps into the room.
he struggles with the cast, and then decides to struggle no more.
elsewhere, a roughneck man with weathered skin and a gray goatee approaches a van.
george and his father, eating at the table.
it is the same bus driver, only older now, who drove forrest to school when he was a young boy.
he feels for a pulse, then notices a tiny dart in the man's thigh.
sandy's wife helps him pack.
charles, who looks at joe for a beat, holds up his defunct camera on the tripod.
gripping the railing for support, rose turns and faces the water.
sitting alone at a table, carl makes a phone call.
frodo and sam are climbing the face of mount doom.
now, pete sits in his car with his eyes glistening.
a perfectly ordered suitcase, everything neatly folded and orderly.
he moves through the press of glamorous party goers.
pockets of fire burn throughout the school and grounds as the three friends make their way back up the path, to the courtyard.
she puts the key to the doyle house in her pocket.
peter crouches down and holds his ear to harry's mouth.
drover marshals his motley gang of riders as the huge herd moves out of the pen, raising a massive cloud of dust.
marcus leads the kid up to the throne and places him on willie's lap.
finally, he raises his head and thrusts his horn through the roof.
he spreads the newspaper out in front of him, muttering as he does so.
miranda's office is empty and so is emily's chair.
the septa bus pulls to a stop in front of a public high school.
isabel, hilary and another protester try to plug the tangled mess of wires back into the audio board.
flustered, he looks down at elizabeth, then lifts his chin, flutters his eyelids and steps over her.
the camera rises up to find javert, the officer in charge of the convict workforce, looking on, his face rain-lashed and expressionless.
three lawmen hold rifles at the ready.
as his mother puts her hand on the shoulder of his reflection in the mirror, harry puts a hand on his own shoulder.
now, hoover and purvis walk down a hall.
the hursts, mr. bingley, and miss bingley are also present.
nehru, who has been looking at gandhi with interest and some surprise turns to patel.
he jams them into the lock, opening the door.
indy rubs his chin with a dubious expression as he takes the glass of champagne donovan now offers him.
the mercenaries have commandeered the solders' truck and are being driven along a dirt track towards the camp.
harry looks over and sees the blonde girl that fleur was unable to rescue.
he cracks his neck, crooked from sleeping on it wrong.
they drive up a dark road into elysian park.
on top of hill, preparing to make his slide.
in a wild race for the cliffs and the man in black is closing faster than ever, but not fast enough, the lead was too great to overcome, and as inigo sails with great precision straight at the cliffs.
she looks down at her.
harlan has now pinned thelma against the back of a car and is kissing her neck.
george stands outside the door with the capsules in his hand.
in her garden, emily weeps as she reads tim's letter to her.
later in his rundown digs, peter taps his finger and broods.
preparing their lunches, she glares at her husband.
purvis leads them across the street towards a building.
as his parents follow, they let go of each others hands.
the glowing specter-like creatures drift through the water.
on the boat deck, officers supervise and swing them out over the water.
he looks at her, bleary-eyed.
in the side pocket of his suit is a pint of liquor.
wick throws the briefcase into a chair.
he starts to stride away.
kate notices the two of them talking and looks over at them disapprovingly.
gandhi is at the fire.
opposite him and across the road is a crane.
final adjustments to the barrel elevation are made, and the gun crew chief gives the order to fire.
they're in the kitchen, hanging up bunches of herbs.
mary, four, pops up.
hermione storms off.
she pulls out the letter and starts to read it.
he stops and looks at all of them.
walt clucks his tongue.
first is a hearing test, and the movie cuts to a darkened hearing-test room.
latika quickly moves inside the house.
holmes talks to watson as they stand beside the horses.
cal shakes his head and stares at his feet.
if the lion so much as flinches, edward is dead.
as he leaves the tree and walks along the side of the house; we tilt downward and close in, to follow only his feet; he steps past a tiny cellar window and we pan and tighten in close on it, into.
movers carry furniture toward the house.
the queen rushes into the courtyard.
and get up, pearl dangling the doll.
dillinger knits his brow thoughtfully then meets d'andrea's gaze.
as he does, the ring slips out of his shirt and dangles in full view of gollum!
larry and claire walk away as pete storms in.
plaster has broken away, revealing bloodstained rafters.
people dance around drover and sarah in the rain-soaked street.
he rejoins the others.
fats' ball hits the closer shoulder.
tears fall down frodo's face.
the draft from the object's descent causes a tsunami of wind and vapor.
as watson enjoys himself at the gaming tables and mycroft chats to some other men, holmes goes upstairs to investigate where he saw a bearded man carrying a nosegay appear from behind the curtains earlier.
at dusk, benzion comes up to tuvia who is sitting by a fire, reading.
the film then cuts to a bser test room, where mickey, sitting in a corner chair, wears another set of headphones.
javert looks up and meets valjean's eyes.
the waiting limo's back door is flung open.
in the smoking room, andrews his pocket watch as the glass slides off the mantel.
the two hillbillys are brothers.
kyle goes down
sam remains at the door, then turns right, heading for the path.
his tall, angular wife pats him on the shoulder and leaves the room.
she snaps one of her rubber gloves and reaches down (out of frame), sinking her hands into the body as she moves things aside.
harry jerks awake.
another sketch depicts a nude woman standing against a ballet bar.
all eyes are on tuvia
family members intervene and a scuffle breaks out.
kate is left thoughtful.
she's so stunning that gittes nearly gasps.
he overtakes.
later, brock takes a phone call.
peter smacks as he calls the elevator.
an officer fires first.
inigo and westley and buttercup, looking down at fezzik.
they become almost helpless, holding on to each other.
ben buries his face in a pillow as the doctor extracts the bone marrow from his hip.
carl takes his phone back.
malfoy scrambles to his feet and runs away, followed by his cronies.
he shoots her a look.
he walks along the landing in his bare feet and comes to a closed door with some hand drawn children's pictures stuck to it.
next morning, harry steps out of the tent and sees hermione standing by the water's edge, her back to him.
the father gazes at cole as he melts into the crowd.
graham walks into the hall and looks in their room.
the watching crowds are silhouetting in its intense light.
various shots: expressive and passionate as always, edward talks to ping, jing and amos calloway.
she covers her mouth.
a midget in overalls waves his arms, as if conducting the music.
the crowd cheer on hearing his name.
he holds up several books in his hands, reading the titles.
lilly backs away slowly.
neff opens it.
before maynard can finish his threat, marsellus charges in.
they brush past lizzie and jane,
; dogs quiet; his song dies.
she smoothes it out on the steering wheel of the van and starts to write on it.
carolyn quickly joins in.
carl joins the crowd.
a servant walks to the front door, pulling up his braces.
the man, ted heinkin, hangs it up and narrows his eyes.
marge, gazing forward, seems to be talking to herself.
this is superimposed over a map that charts their course from venice across austria toward salzburg.
jane is puzzled.
jane enters, closes and locks the door.
he realizes george has hung up, and clicks the phone furiously.
alice nods; if not quite relieved, at least grateful for joe.
on the other side of his desk sit an irate customer and his wife.
a concerned dumbledore accompanies harry who looks around nervously.
harry controls his quivering wand with both hands.
but hagrid has disappeared.
the tent rises.
jenny gives her coat to danny.
thick smoke obscures the house.
she looks up and smiles at jeep.
crowded with hogwarts' students and their families.
he stops to make sure it is the right number before going up the steps.
the germans confer again, in german.
he takes his ringing mobile from his bag.
maguire opens the door to the greenhouse and clicks the chamber of his gun.
he is unaware that lisa is standing behind him, and is also watching this little drama.
he starts quickly away when it looks like cassidy is going to come and pull him bodily into the office.
he radios in.
he uncorks the wine and pours some in both their glasses.
valjean lowers cosette on the rope on the other side of the wall.
cole's tiny face peeks out.
the man in the checked shirt, howard lewis, is videoing.
harry smiles proudly as his pupils applaud.
he turns to her confidently.
burning timbers fall from the ceiling.
lee walks through the loft's living room area, unbelting her coat, towards the bathroom.
rose reaches out.
the clouds gains on the plane passing the occupants in shadow.
he helps szpilman into the compartment.
he slumps down on the rope swing, then falls backwards onto the grass.
mr. st. james is wearing a linen suit and a good but yellowing panama hat, the brim turned up.
charlie and eddie are at the bar, drinking straight bourbon.
a young man runs out of the house, gun blazing.
a magnificent indoor, glass-enclosed pool, the vista of snow- covered mountains seen through the ceiling-high windows beyond.
butch walks out of the alley and is ready for anything.
as they stroll through a park in the early evening, elise throws her head back and laughs.
she slams the receiver down.
he speaks, almost as if to himself.
lester quickly hides the joint behind his back.
riddle calls out angrily.
tables and pianos are thrown from windows.
laura and lily are buffeted by the shake.
darcy rises from his seat and comes to stand over lizzie.
darcy takes lizzie's hand and leads her from the floor.
it starts to rain.
jeff's hand comes in, picks it up.
the nurse leaves the room.
he grins at harry.
joseph sits at the table, looking up at her cautiously.
david stares after her, then reads the note.
jamal exits the cubiclal and approaches the sink to wash his hands.
neff comes out of keys' office and walks back along the balcony.
he turns toward her.
she looks shocked.
the flying keys go mad and chase after harry like a swarm of bees.
the driver, bassam, has long black hair and a ponytail.
goon pushes his wheelchair closer to the desk.
she hesitates, then opens it.
moran stares after the train as it carries holmes and the others to safety.
she carries him down the hall to his bedroom.
the boys run off as the guard then collides with the car.
he sits back down.
the other men gather their things and move out.
kay and dee escort their captive across the road and over a small rise, leaving the stunned ins agents standing alone in the roadway.
debbie joins pete in a sitting room.
fergus is all cold and businesslike.
aibileen stays standing.
frodo looks at galadriel, standing silently beside celeborn.
puts it in an envelope,
ivan stares, as tears of grief and rage run down his face.
the classroom is filled with screaming, running children.
the men return to the table to continue their game.
his hair is disheveled.
malfoy disappears from the map.
he takes on the four men.
david turns his hands back in.
javier kills the agent, then draws his gun.
soldiers push a group of five male peasants off the tailboard and into the dirt at gunpoint.
john lifts the car seat box down from the top of a cupboard.
and now, they begin to kiss; it's a tender kiss, tender and loving and gentle and.
he watches as the senile old woman innocently putters away.
kate carries on down the stairs, as sean goes into his apartment.
then he leans over to see what's wrong.
she presses herself against him and kisses him hard on the lips.
they stand there in silence; the atmosphere is charged.
sarah rests her head against the wall of her prison.
ron takes out a wand.
ron strikes the locket with the sword of gryffindor.
jack shuts the door.
he looks around but doesn't see anyone, so goes back inside.
he looks around to see the witch-king standing over eowyn, pulling her to her feet.
malcolm stops all movement.
still another fly goes down.
the weight clinks as it comes off the arm rest.
just as suddenly, the sound changes -- no longer pounding, but softly splashing.
joe is more abstracted than usual, he is staring at parrish's food.
president kennedy holds an autographed football as the all- american team stands behind him.
the occupants are settling themselves as harry walks down the stairs.
his face becomes a long snout with sharp teeth.
her arms remained by her sides.
she looks about her catching her breath and slips it into the pocket of her white apron.
the redcap goes up the steps into the car.
she kisses his hand.
without seeing her, harry turns and strides out of the great hall.
the inspector leaves.
the team splits up.
peter looks down and sees a paper clip lift up off the floor.
as the house blows up, ferris is thrown off his feet.
she places her hands on the railing, then climbs onto its first wrung.
he is worried for her, knocks and calls out.
she kisses drew in some light, humorous way they have ob- viously done before, their heads bobbing like plastic water toys and their lips meeting mid-air.
he throws it back.
simon and carol stunned by the manners.
reclining on a settee, the naked woman wears a large pendant around her neck.
her expression getting little away.
but he's stuck.
ben sifts through envelopes, each of which has the name of a person tim wanted to help, including ben's.
marley trots along beside john, who has his hands thrust in his pockets.
he takes the back of his left hand up to his forehead and wipes his brow.
he marks up a book, puts his quill back in its pot,
sarah cuddles nullah.
numerous bottle of dr. pepper are displayed on the table.
gunshots are fired, wounding him.
a light has gone on in miss lonely hearts' apartment.
drover, shrouded in smoke, walks past a dead cow.
the walls of the cloisters are covered in votive candles.
jack smiles, claps his hands.
he takes the pack from her and flicks through them.
david stops moving.
tracking back before the mounted police.
sam watches him, concern etched across his face.
a jazz combo can be heard over the din of their voices.
the students man the barricade and aim their weapons.
strom enters the chamber.
gower comes to the entrance.
andy spies christian sitting with jacqueline.
he looks at his phone.
he holds it to dudley's throat.
baby face tosses baum's tommy gun onto the front seat and gets behind the wheel.
moody leaves them alone.
they stop by a reference desk.
featuring nehru who is introducing gandhi to two men, one tall, slender, ascetic looking, but dressed impeccably (jinnah).
eowyn crawls to where theoden lays, mortally wounded.
she starts to smile, then presses her lips together and blinks back tears.
they drive across the desert in a convoy of black cars.
zus leaves the tent.
she rises very quietly and goes to his coat, thrown across a chair.
he looks up at eddie, grinning snidely.
he spots a chainsaw.
yule mae is reading to her prison inmates.
at quest proving grounds, bunker six, a car draws up.
and jay starts running down the street, where dozens of cabs are waiting at the intersection.
bellatrix explodes into a myriad of tiny black fragments.
goyle tosses his burning wand in to the fire.
evan, thirteen again, comes to in the woods.
ron's deluminator lights a lantern.
he moves forward, fueled by a grim resolve.
jay knows what he has to do.
with a quick twist, he reaches back for the log, hurls it at marge and then starts running away.
she pops a piece of gum into her mouth as mickey continues to speak.
myrtle leans her head on his naked shoulder.
thorwald has the new alligator bag belonging to his wife, in his hand.
lizzie and mr. darcy gaze tenderly into each other's eyes, and slowly he leans forward and kisses her gently on the lips.
the loose tile also begins to slide.
hands reach out to prevent him from falling.
as evening falls, they join the excited crowds in the magnificent quidditch stadium.
she follows reluctantly.
audrey looks away.
ferris kicks his chair over.
as the two men get into the car.
she begins to knead his hair in hot water and shampoo.
the ball falls from a tree in emily's garden.
in an office with professor west, adrienne talks to satnam via the internet.
facing gandhi are khan, a tall, impressive indian.
water is trickling in through the crack between the window and the door, but very slowly.
a bellboy passes them.
marius sees eponine and rushes over to her.
john stands in next room, looking at something in his hand.
phyllis kisses him.
she pulls her arm away.
the doe stops and glances back, then moves on.
people are crowded in the street and around flower stalls.
lizzie looks puzzled and a little disappointed.
ben opens the closet door.
oliver gives harry a wooden bat, then unchains one of the brown balls.
it's where fezzik fought the man in black.
aunt may comes through from the kitchen holding a tea pot.
desi looks insane.
waves swell around the name titanic and across the ship
she smiles as he tilts back his chin, nose in the air.
among them, a merry looking lady in bright clothes: the baroness.
pappy o'daniel stands by waldrip's chair with an arm draped over his shoulder, leaning in to murmur confidentially.
harken pours nick a big measure of whiskey from a cut-glass decanter and hands it to him.
it is unmistakably a voice, it is not the wind, parrish has heard something, he looks around, but no one is there.
flesh has been torn away at shoulder level.
the colonel stands, scowling, as ricky comes out of the house, holding the urine sample in front of him.
he turns back to marcus with a half smile.
harry grins, as hagrid turns and walks away.
the heavy search light is on ground and picks out tuvia, who fires straight at it, destroying the bulb.
his secretary, sally, stands in the doorway.
we start to hear the rumble of the motorcycle mix up again.
penny and waldrip are facing the hall with their backs to the stage as the four bearded band members - everett, pete, delmar and tommy - take their places.
mary is asleep in the bed.
he grabs the strategy packet, shoves the chair over and storms out.
camera pans with them as they cross.
donovan appears at the turret cover.
rebecca, sitting next to luke, gives him a helpless look.
at the bigfoot lodge, the sign shows an ominous figure in a forest.
falls into the hole made by the bomb.
the launch is heading towards a huge luxury cruiser.
he falls to the carpet of the family room in an unnatural crumpled pile.
he glances over his shoulder without slowing down,
a smoldering feather sinks onto the desk.
she sticks her tongue out at him as he closes his eyes.
debbie turns away discreetly to yawn.
javert takes a pistol.
charlie turns to michael.
he holds the guy at the edge of a roof.
the running steps grow louder and neff comes into the shot breathing hard.
she surfaces.
doctor gulden is walking down it with a priest, a man of about forty, concerned, but somewhat self-important.
holmes walks along the side of a row of wooden crates.
he takes off his jacket and wraps it around allison's head.
we now get an opportunity to examine these people more closely.
he hefts the box under his arm and walks towards arnie, who's standing outside his office.
wide-eyed, she looks down.
slughorn drops it on the ground.
the camera stays with elliot, who is still watching the offscreen lee.
camille vaults over the edge of the compound's main building and drops onto the balcony.
his grandfather grabs his fishing pole.
they run to the cot of the d.t.
captain smith watches, then turns as a man wades through shallow water on deck.
he holds her against the wall in the corner.
the attendant is still puzzled.
frodo is walking half-bowed, often stumbling.
he stabs at it ineffectually.
as the picture fades in the bowling noises continue, but filtered and faint.
gatsby swims deep into the pool.
towards a small figure slumped on the ground.
hermione and harry follow.
outside, homer discreetly holds a rifle at his side.
he blows his nose on his filthy garment.
the dog takes off in a new direction.
a few lonely drinkers, dock workers, sit stooped over their beer bottles at the bar.
it contains even more truffles.
on board, bushman shares cage with apes.
the six-fingered sword, feinting here, feinting there.
he writes his name on the board.
harry suddenly hurtles up out of the water.
the underground chase is as furious as the race above.
westley is the only one not amazed.
he takes a deep drag and lets smoke out through his nose.
he pauses for a moment, listening, hears nothing, then bends down and starts pulling at a loose thread in one of his socks.
all look towards her.
he breaks eye contact, and nods thoughtfully.
up a head two high rised towers falling down forming an upside down v shape.
a song is heard from the radio.
the shape stares at laurie looking back at him, then tromps on the accelerator.
david's eyes are looking down -- his expression still -- like he's listening.
finally stella blurts out.
meanwhile, the guy's hot, runs the three hundred up to half a million.
sam prepares to move the piano away.
the mitten has a hole in it.
randal joins him.
his eyes closed.
ben sits watching it.
all the old hatred between sam and smeagol boils over as they fight.
outside, the mustached stranger still sprints after the bus.
helen advances with the others through the mist.
she fights loose, but one of the constables takes her firmly.
he has moved back a little to avoid getting the phone cable tangled in the food and dishes.
howling wind.
he struggles for a moment, nods.
as he exits, he hears two other colleagues, holden and matthews, with taylor.
later, he watches thao working in the garden.
lindsey's eyes light up.
kate watches in disbelief, as the man raises his arms in the air and sings to the staff.
flint punches spider-man off the roof.
stung, eddie lies across the table and sets them up himself.
a pocket watch on a chain lies on a desk beside typewritten sheets, on top of which rests a magnifying glass.
he smiles.
a golden sun rises.
mitchell falls onto the scaffold.
the record plays for a few moments in the quiet room, as elliot walks over to lee and leans against the shelf near her.
he turns around.
some children move around on crutches.
wick stands, hat in hand, holding the door open.
thao looks away.
he lies on top of fantine, and her lips tremble.
with a desperate strength, pippin pushes faramir off the burning pyre.
he pours vodka on the cut.
ron struggles with the wheel as the car swoops out of control, zooming close to the brightly lit windows of the great hall.
soldiers climb into a truck and king george walks out of the prison.
the room is a mess and sarah is drunk.
gandalf stares into the distance as if seeing something in his mind's eye.
graham turns to see merrill standing with the last board in the hall.
a man in black coattails opens the rear door.
looming over her, beer bottle in hand, the huge maintenance man spits a stream of liquid at her bruised face.
a tractor-trailer plows through the rental car tearing it to pieces.
willie watches him go with a doleful expression.
elijah is still talking to audrey.
he is greeted with mild applause, but already the convention is performing like a convention now that the spell of jinnah's major speech has dissipated.
they sit, comparing loyalty cards.
hannah screams with laughter as she walks toward the end of the table, past a gleeful holly, who points her finger at hannah as she passes.
as the cabbie waves and slows, a sedan crashes into his passenger side.
hagrid steps inside the vault and snatches up the package.
graham turns to put his back against the door.
eddie fires at mr. white, hitting him three times in the chest.
he picks up the horn again.
daylight fills the room.
findley, drink and cork-tipped cigarette in hand, escorts bert and eddie down the stairs to his game room.
abby and joy are in the tea-break area of the office.
joe looks over jack's shoulder at the water tower and sees the alien climbing up it.
the crowds are cheering, people are taking bets.
the atmosphere is very sinister.
kate retrieves the truffles.
his eyes sort of stray around the neighborhood, and end up looking toward.
a man sits next to a film projector in a cinema.
simon and carol have thus declared their majority.
mulwray says something to the boy.
the man looks at don but doesn't answer.
her eyes are seductive and guileful as she looks up at him.
bo slides back down into graham's lap.
the bullet enters his side below the ribs.
mickey in shock, then embrace and kiss passionately, tighter and tighter, as the music swells.
day time, police try to control an anti g8 protest.
reflects on his face.
she offers him the note.
harry and ron are walking down the stairs into the hall.
overmyer checks their pockets as nelec takes cary's backpack, opens it -- pulls out some fireworks.
hi and ed are quietly moving back towards the ladder.
szpilman and the others bring their piles of things into the warehouse, which is crammed with similar objects, an aladdin's cave.
she looks away, embarrassed.
there are formula bottles on the bedside table and a bassinet pushed close to the bed.
they exchange glances, sizing each other up.
luna's silvery patronus disappears.
but she pulls a package of nuts out of her bag.
as she steps away, cal grabs rose and spins her toward him.
ilsa finally turns to look at laszlo.
she shoots him a look.
the snowman pulls his head off, revealing a santa's profusely sweating little helper.
hi looks down.
spider-man shoots out a web and tries to pull himself clear.
as he opens it, the cop draws.
he lightly taps his nose.
the manager holds out his hand.
she ties the other and is drawing it upward when he wakes.
soon she is stuffing the last dress into one of several black plastic bean bags.
frederick, leaving his work area, walks past lee; his hands are in his pockets.
and finds himself looking at bella's gaunt face.
he walks over to it and bends down to peer underneath the bench.
he turns the pile over.
a well muscled actor checks two wardrobes but can't find his clothes.
harry glances back the way they came.
video footage shows the queen arriving at buckingham palace.
gatsby gently floats face down in the pool.
he stops walking and looks out over the water.
the planes, with the red rising sun on their wings, swoop and dive across the town, as soldiers desperately try to get organized.
indy prepares to jump into the saddle.
she folds her hands in prayer and lifts her eyes.
camera pans sharply, 180 degrees, to pick up adam rounding the corner in hot pursuit.
after taking in their predicament, butch and marsellus look at each other, all traces of hostility gone, replaced by a terror they both share at what they've gotten themselves into.
ron has received a newspaper and some letters.
he watches the young boy walk toward the house, unsure whether he should interfere or just watch.
trying to drop the shotguns to free his hands.
ben cleans his beach house.
a truck is approaching.
harry walks into the station followed by his friends.
the old couple on the couch raise their arms to embrace their visitors.
malcolm leans his head back against the chair.
will can't believe what he's reading.
luna gently closes dobby's eyes.
vizzini, tying buttercup's hands.
one of the other sailors, pleasant, calls down from his top bunk.
before indy can answer, vogel is up and swinging with the shovel.
the huggies box pops forward, out from under hi's arm - hit by a bullet.
a demetor flies past and is repelled by the ever-increasing mass as it extends to cover the school and the grounds, forming a protective shield
then squints at robbie.
fezzik and inigo look at each other, then start down.
above him, the caged volunteers are blindfolded.
brian eyes himself gravely as he smooths his hair in his office mirror.
ernie starts the bus.
annie walks into the dark laundry room.
the mercedes is pursued by four motorcyclists each with photographers riding pillion.
the three of them stare ominously at harry.
as it roars overhead he ducks, and spins to watch it pass.
he puts a piece of tape over the cop's mouth.
his discomfort builds in this limbo.
rose pulls tommy's cigarette from his mouth.
merrill sighs and turns away.
some of the youngsters look over at him, on his hands and knees.
laughter as merry and pippin run in jumping on the bed and hugging frodo.
the path over the summit is in full view of the orcs.
the house and neat, colorful gardens of faraway downs are bathed in sunshine.
black smoke filled the plaza.
john and pearl advance to edge of porch.
lynn becomes still.
later, a waiter pushes a cart laden with desserts.
szpilman lies on the divan.
ron glowers as henry walks hesitantly towards professor dumbledore.
julie and jim's smiling faces are poking out of the top.
snape turned sharply back to quirrell.
veronica violently lets go of him.
latika reaches the car.
he starts fast and noisily down a steep hill.
the group proceeds past the hostess and into the hall, where an elevator arrives.
gower smiles weakly as the soda runs off his face.
he runs to the sarcophagus.
simon blocks him.
he picks up a clipboard and clips louise's driver's license to it.
frozen with surprise, parrish's eyes search the room for the source of the sound, it comes from no particular direction, yet surrounds him.
his fingers are covered in bandages.
a japanese fighter skims through the clouds towards an island.
fingers tapping -- they're fingers on a counter, a walkman sitting beside them.
with him is cosette, now a beautiful young woman with flowing blonde hair.
almost as soon as we cut to him, he wakes up with a start.
marius finds a canoodling couple.
inside the restaurant, peter takes in the opulent splendor as diners and waiters flip past him.
drover releases the mooring, taking a chain out of bull's unconscious hand, and runs onto the small mission island sailing boat.
he clenches his fingers.
minnie's round black eyes indicate the pie.
at the soldier's command, the troops open fire and the peasants are shot down.
through the wall, she can hear debbie and pete fighting.
wickham canters past them and makes his horse jump over a log.
he holds it in one hand and drinks with the other.
the kids panic as the hobbled bus still drives.
he listens to the light hum from the speakers.
they kiss again.
hagrid's beard catches fire.
there is a fair amount of activity but the place is not crowded.
he walks towards the bench with the present on it.
on sandra, overwhelmed.
frodo has only moments to act.
daisy sits up in bed as he heads for the front door.
jerry enters, pulling off his plaid cap.
a harness around his waist and ankles is attached to a bungee rope.
he slips in as another resident comes out.
they fend of attacks, with their wands and reach a quieter area.
lizzie is picking her away across the rocks at the top of a hill.
his head is floating.
forrest runs to a pier at the atlantic ocean.
will cracks open the can, finding a straw on the nightstand.
the grandchildren are running into frame and taking their seats at the table, accompanied by their parents.
snape glares at harry, who avoids his gaze and harry's off.
a frightened and tearful lorl sits before salieri.
then a german appears in the doorway.
inside, ron and harry walk upstairs.
he watches police cares draw up.
leaps atop a turkish soldier on horseback, pulling the man and the horse to the ground.
vizzini, busily switching the goblets while the man in black has his head turned.
two webs lift a power cable as a shield.
he sits by the radio set, ear to the speaker, trying to tune to a station.
indignation quickens her pace.
mj is on one of the towers of the steel structure.
he is a taut and nervous fellow, and has never been one for waiting around.
two giggling shadows appear in the bedroom doorway.
we can barely see david's face under the hood.
in a wooden arena on a craggy hillside, fred and george take bets from their fellow students.
he crashes to the floor, and mj watches as rubble falls on top of him.
he sits by the window, next to his elder brother, james and, opposite his cousin, rose.
along with some stacks of seven-year-old toys and a small tv wedged into the tiny space.
she hugs the child tightly.
lights illuminate rectangular windows with panes of broken glass.
camera pulls back to show the salieri family at dinner.
two police cars and an ambulance sit idling at the side of the road, a pair of men inside each car.
she tosses his wallet over her shoulder at him and leaves.
reggie starts down the platform, looking behind her every few steps.
peter writes costume possibilities and sketches a cape for go.
clayton bursts out laughing, then sharply resumes a serious look.
lydia waves excitedly at them all as the carriage pulls away.
sadie stares at her ipad.
phyllis rises and walks up and down, paying less and less attention.
barnes floors enrique.
lynn walks over to cole.
orsini-rosenberg acknowledges his defeat.
holden sits in his chair, laughing.
sympathy is evidently in short supply in casablanca.
she stares at him.
a rolls royce pulls out.
kate and zoe climb out of the truck.
a man kneels before a pair of soldiers with weapons.
the name on the pebbled glass is a backwards nathan arizona.
between the seats, he sees another passenger's hand reaching down to grab hold of an armrest.
the wizard turns towards aragorn.
she approaches jack.
gandhi lies curled awkwardly on his side of the cot.
then, he dumps the empties in the garbage.
graham's taken aback.
terrance stands and yanks him up.
zoe and kate are in a park.
tizzy washes up.
two balls lay side by side on the table.
morgan turns the page.
he pushes the door wide so as to hide her from keyes.
swimming in the water with several others, fabrizio looks up as the giant funnel falls onto him.
he looks out through the window to see la dolce vita open- air cinema screening.
nate leaves the restaurant he chefs in.
he stands at far end of arbor.
abby realizes she's spoken aloud.
rushing across the tarmac toward the zeppelin.
two army officers get out.
he lifts a cup of coffee to his lips and slurps lustily.
there is a slight, but warm, smile on jeff's face as he looks at the drawn shade.
black smoke rises from the bomb blast.
lt. dan and forrest watch the television.
he stares into her somber eyes.
frowning, david watches the man drain a beer can and drop it into a trash bin.
approaching a traffic jam he swerves left, flying down another tunnel to chase a track's vision off.
enrique rushes out into the street.
they down them in one.
as she attempts to serve him bacon.
the goblin reappears.
he points at harry's forehead.
in b.g.the troopers get out of their cars and fan out cautiously to surround ben: guns in hand.
dillinger glances around the living room, then returns to the kitchen.
frodo, overcome with exhaustion, stumbles down the steep stairs of cirith ungol.
don disregards her, tries to go on.
the queen enters the kitchen and the staff stop working.
the convoy stops by a statue of pizarro at spain.
tim hurriedly staggers through undergrowth.
as peter chases him through the lair, harry picks up the goblin sword and swings it at him.
something at the edge of the counter catches his eye, and he reaches for.
they pass a mustached man flipping through a book and studying a sign on the wall.
on a side street, a carriage, with imperata stenciled on the side, pulls up.
as richardson enters, david opens a door and sees elise executing a graceful sidestep.
at the sound of the engine, he frowns, gets up and looks out of the window.
the man in black, hanging suspended hundreds of feet in the air, holding to the jagged rocks, desperately trying to cling to life.
now un-dead, charles lunges at martin, who shoots him, too.
their expressions blank as if in a trance.
the lady sitting next to elaine takes a look at her, turns around and looks at ben, then looks at elaine again.
with a quick flick the smaller man pulls back on the blade, laying gittes' left nostril open about an inch further.
over these lines we cut briefly to -- chanting, drawing.
peace is restored.
robbie looks up and smiles.
the other portraits are distraught.
he turns up one of the last lanes, races along it and grabs a carton of huggies, still on the flat run.
eyes still locked on the set, ed reaches her hand out to hi.
the lights continue flickering.
he hands it to her, bows, then heads off.
she passes a man smoking a long pipe and women seated.
sam looks excited.
the sedan launches off a mound of dirt and soars through the air.
she touches his pecs.
someone is pounding insistently.
joe runs -- the others follow.
the door falls into the room.
a mug shot of homer, photos of a robbed bank and a sprawled body, and a street map.
later, he marches through a crowded arch vaulted lobby.
she knocks on the door and rings the doorbell.
we see her in clear silhouette.
ron walks past hermione.
then notices the handyman, tongue in cheek, trying to suppress his amusement.
the wind blows their costumes, billowing them outward.
as birdie speaks we pan john, and foundered skiff, into two-shot with.
he registers surprise.
hi backs up, swinging the knife - studded plank to make lenny keep his distance.
inside, huddling down, is a terrified reggie, holding her breath as she watches him.
on the computer, he types cornish's name onto a check, then answers his cell phone.
startled, mozart stops.
as he speaks, he rises and walks to the servant.
his sorrowful blue eyes slowly moisten and fill with tears.
the man stares at him.
there is a large puddle on the kitchen tiles.
alice looks over at her father as he steps up to her.
mac with juno beside him drives his blue previa through the gates of the affluent looking glacial valley estate.
some people behind the ship try to swim as the massive propellers sink below the surface.
cal lobs the ball at robbie, who catches it in his baseball glove and beams.
he sits behind her, facing the on-stage back.
he taps the sign on the door.
he waves up at the footballers on the training field.
sparks fly out.
an older doris calls to benjamin.
sam drops the pot and flings himself on top of gollum!
billie joe armstrong sits nearby, watching the show.
she slams the door shut in george's face.
helen steps forward to help him put down the cup.
spider-man dodges being squashed like a bug beneath sandman's truck sized foot.
then indy disappears into the hole.
he stops, turns to her quickly.
camera pans with violet as she crosses the street to george.
first we see her feet, with pom-pom slippers and the gold anklet on her left ankle.
a moment of silence as dante's chuckles fade to comprehension.
abby and colin walk home.
hearing a noise, he turns.
it is the end of her speech and she makes the pranam and turns away.
aibileen shuts the toilet door with her free hand.
she peers blankly at janne.
through a window, sandy spots the redhead rummaging through his toiletries.
jack punches the hysterical man in the face until he releases rose.
a beat then we hear simon's whispered voice.
elizabeth gets up to greet him.
he drags the wounded taylor.
kitty is fighting back tears of frustration.
her expression shows that it pleases her, and moves her romantically.
the dog breathes out, and they stagger back.
forrest keeps his eyes on the ball.
then we see him frown.
during the foregoing, cousin tilly has answered the telephone, and now she calls out.
harry kicks out with his flippers and swims through the water weed over the rocks-strewn bed of the lake.
gin lifts the bonnet of his chevy.
the waiting room is semi-crowded, occupied mostly by pregnant women, teens and ill-behaved children.
as the biker roars away, the foreground flower bends with his draft and then bursts into flame.
kayleigh wakes up and screams when she sees blood spurt from tommy's throat.
computer-generated backpacks revolve on the screens behind him.
a great white horse waits riderless in front.
harry shakes ron off.
also staring into the camera.
glen takes two nervous steps away and reassures himself by resting a hand on the door of his station wagon.
tom smooths his hair back and turns to the barman.
the boys' boat sails into darwin.
they drive off into the london twilight.
david knocks a staffer out of the way.
the two make eye contact.
barnes rushes over as cars continue to crash.
forrest lies in his bunk and looks up.
her dress is soaked, but she doesn't mind.
at this moment the door is opened by another male nurse, carrying a pile of clean sheets and pillow cases.
but a shadow has appeared: a trembling hand -- before they can react, it rips the map away -- they all scream as old dr. woodward is revealed, bloody eyes open, in a daze.
the bedroom, too, is empty.
the house owner is lying head down on the basement steps, and david sees again the maintenance man's violent entry into the house.
nearing the bottom, he braces himself and steps off unsteadily.
charles is about to strap up martin's leg, which has been broken in the explosion.
he lashes out at them.
cupping his face in her hands, emily kisses tim on the lips.
she pauses at the head of the stair.
she sits next to michael, who holds her in his arms.
harry catches up with lucius in the corridor.
he gestures towards the dance floor.
outside, diana opens the car door.
the kid follows from a safe distance.
bert tries to lead george away by the arm, but george struggles with him, trying to explain.
we see mrs. braddock in the kitchen.
bob looks at the packet and takes it.
ben sits on his motel bed, watching, and slowly reaches for his mobile beside him.
veronica stares, dumbfounded.
light laughter is heard, as well as the sophisticated music; offscreen brunch guests chatter indistinctly.
jeff gives a faint, sympathetic smile, and subconsciously raises his glass in response.
furiously she storms past a guard in dark glasses.
elsewhere in the debris field rose lies on her back atop the floating wooden panel.
david becomes still as his words register.
he looks at the blood on his fingers with a dazed expression and quickly goes out of the room, the way he came.
michael, however, seems to know exactly who he's talking to.
he sits in a rocking chair.
the durmstrang galleon strains at its moorings.
she has some index cards in her laps which she occasionally consults and shuffles.
hermione looks at ron sympathetically.
aisha walks off.
he sits up and snorts a line of cocaine.
peter sees mj alone.
they look through papers as moped guy looks for them.
she goes in and closes the door.
lila goes into the room.
kara goes over to him.
she closes the door.
crowd stand outside electrical good shops, watching the show on tvs in the window.
emails flood across the screen.
he bends down and kisses her tenderly on top of the head.
she checks some orders attached to a shelf.
wesley knocks jenny's hand away.
they are caught in the police car's spotlight as she backs away from him in horror.
desi is riding with jason.
she continues to read her book as he sits down at the edge of the bed and muses.
the colonel and barbara look at each other, alarmed.
it holds a form from the general motors finance corporation.
unseen by the soldier, en-joo clamps a hand over her mouth and holds a finger to his lips.
mulwray and the girl seem blissfully unaware of them.
david looks up ahead.
he walks across the morgue to kay, who is still examining the arquillian.
jane is with casey looking at photo layouts.
the two men stare at each other for a beat.
sensing peter behind him, he smiles without looking around.
she raises herself to her tiptoes and kisses him warmly.
evan beams when he sees lenny holding his old journal.
ferris sees someone in his apartment.
lila goes to the chair, touches it.
he picks up the warning oven.
they angle towards us for the shore.
he leans his head against the back of the settee, acutely uncomfortable.
slughorn looks up at the giant hagrid.
the game is long over.
watching from across the fence on one side of the house: the young girl from next door and her boy friend.
a soldier kicks one of the cripples who can't go on any more.
flames are roaring out of the top floors.
he takes her by the hand and throws his jacket aside.
later lockhart, ron, harry, and ginny cling to each other as the powerful phoenix courage them to safety and away from the chamber of secrets.
he stumbles.
gollum turns slowly, staring at sam through hooded, hate- filled eyes.
the soundtrack to le dolce vita.
charlotte runs away towards her room.
the rocky mountains are behind him in distance.
sidney wakes at 7:00 am to the sound of his alarm clock.
mr. weasley hurries them out of the tent.
harry pulls out his wand and points it at the dementors.
the young man throws an odd glance at his fiance.
as she gets closer, she walks under the shadow of a tree,
graham enters the room.
he pulls spider-man's mask from a bag.
reveal she's driving evan and kayleigh home.
the attendant doesn't get the joke but chuckles automatically and opens the door into the bar.
as arwen lies dying, the evenstar falls from her fingers.
ben is talking with great animation -- elaine is watching him.
he rings the doorbell.
dumbledore takes the scroll.
nick drags harken through the office by his tie.
gatsby presses his lips together thoughtfully.
jameson calms down and speaks into an intercom.
bingley wears a dark tailcoat with pale satin breeches.
hungrily tucking into their food, leah and bernadette watch nick and kate.
fedora remains behind for a moment.
it knocks the werewolf to the ground.
rambo runs back to her and helps her up.
keyes puts the glass down noisily on norton's desk.
rick and ilsa sit at a table.
holmes punches the guard away and reloads the guard's rifle.
people are waving from shore and boat.
and sunlight floods in.
lightning flashes from the enchanted ceiling.
seamus's cauldron flares up, blackening his face.
lockhart pushes up harry's sleeve.
he hands whip a package.
vincent turns to the backseat with the .45 casually in his grip.
javier answers his mobile.
aunt may slips further down the brolly.
abby and joy walk through the waiting area, which is filled with mike alexander replacement hopefuls of all different shapes and sizes.
the heavy-set man notices and follows him.
lawrence stands with alison, playfully tossing nuts into his mouth.
she smiles bitterly.
charlie quickly hides her cigarette behind her back.
lupin eyes him then turns back.
harken picks up the wrapper and glowers.
she begins to cry again.
he watches the door close, then turns and goes slowly to the water cooler.
marge and norm are watching television in bed.
he tries tuning it in.
on the tower, school boy checks his watch, nine minutes to two.
she has just put down the tray and drinks near april, and briskly and obliviously, she walks past a doorway where elliot, still ruminating, watches her, entranced.
rambo joins them and speaks to bn.
another soldier helps him with the ammunition.
she looks at him from the bed.
the friends look up in alarm.
the taxi drops him and his luggage up the street with shops with graffiti'd shutters.
now norman looks at a picture hanging on the far end of the wall he is leaning against.
renault takes the letters.
the host turns to jamal, standing in the wings of the studio.
salieri sits looking on in wondering astonishment.
phyllis opens the door a crack.
as eddie enters, carrying his bags, a few early morning travelers -- some soldiers and a man in a stetson hat -- pass him by.
all eyes are on her as she cuts a millimeter slice.
the croupier comes out of the gambling room and up to renault.
he hurries downstairs.
she picks up colleen with a reassuring smile.
a few rows ahead, homer puts on his hat and steps into the aisle behind them.
mounting, he is enraged to hear laughter.
marge is driving; lou sits next to her.
one crusader, however, floats safely in midair because he holds the grail in his hands.
daisy strikes an elegant pose then turns to the audience and cranes a swan-like neck.
stationed amongst the trees on a hillside, somebody watches the three of them through binoculars.
sam stops short.taking stock of his surroundings.
out of breath, they turn -- but dare not go back toward the horrifying blackness.
tally puts a map on his desk -- 28 dots in a circle, anywhere from a 20 to 150 mile radius, with lillian at the center.
she breaks out sobbing anew, and returns to her apartment and out of sight, the crying growing fainter with her retreat.
lynn unclips the tie.
harry crosses over to a collection of framed, moving photographs.
fantine tries to get the letter back.
he has to get there as soon as possible.
david nods and gives a tight smile.
then the chair turns and we see it is jude.
neff is walking towards elevator.
three rings, each set with a single gem, are received by the high elves-galadriel, gil-galad and cirdan.
mitchell pounds down spiral stairs and into water at the base of a tower, then dives through an iron gate.
the other eye is covered by a bandage.
the rough-looking crew in the bar look nervous.
the colonel stands outside, eyeing him.
andy wakes up in his bed alone, and puts her hand to her head with a grimace.
oncoming headlights throw a blinding light across her features.
he finds his wrists bound.
harry swoops lower to the grass, but the bludger follows him closely.
beyond them, in the valley, the train crash seems to go forever.
bob sees jeep's reflection in the mirror.
ahead of him runs a wide paved path lined on either side by huge carved snake heads.
harry strides over to the open french windows which lead out onto a balcony.
cowley's speeding car takes a tight turn.
he turns the car around.
she idly toys with a flower in one of the many vases which occupy every available surface.
he knocks over all the glasses.
he reaches in his pocket and pulls out some bills.
leaning on a cane, the older woman steps toward a small television set in a nearby kitchen.
he only takes his eyes off of them long enough to look at max.
he runs at the rabble, gun blazing.
rebecca, minus the jacket, helps the champagne-glugging woman to her seat.
the room transforms into its former state as young rose and jack step inside.
blood gushes from floyd's belly wound, saturating his white dress shirt.
he moves on.
it is now crowded with people, black, white, punky and street chic, a lot of leather.
he spins around: before he can react, shelob viciously stabs frodo in the neck with her monstrous abdominal stinger!
anheuser reads the document in a quiet corner of the party.
he walks over to jeep.
she stares up at the stars.
feet descend to the ground from the open door.
he goes to the curb and starts to step off, attempting to cross the rue danton, but finds the light against him.
tommy and bjorn arm wrestle as others cheer.
constanze opens her eyes and stares at him.
jackson sits in his limo typing on his laptop.
he takes his coat rather brusquely, thrusts the leopard coat at her.
walt keeps the gun trained on them as they go.
in the woods near a high bridge, jacob and klaatu find an old ranger hut.
sydney floors sophie and springs up to his feet.
peter turns to see mj and aunt may.
graham takes big scoops of every dish and piles it on his plate.
it is a simple, but broken, melody as if someone was just learning to play the piano, or carefully composing a song.
she drags the boys to school.
forrest and jenny are teenagers now.
at dawn zus sleeping in a makeshift tent, awakes with a start.
as preacher opens the door to the back room, clutching a paper bag filled with bottles to his chest, we see six men seated around a table, playing poker.
when jane and bingley's dance comes to an end, he leads her by the hand to present her to his sisters.
out in the sunshine, minnie is strolling towards celia's house with a bag of groceries, fanning herself in the heat.
while ping scans the horizon, jing nuzzles with her boyfriend, norther winslow.
one enemy speedboat chases indy between the two freighters.
engulfed in blue flames, fred and george are flung out of the circle.
tommy rushes out of the den.
as he turns to walk out, the drop of blood falls to the floor.
seconds later, the dementors sweep by.
parrish is stunned.
he pretends to spoon more of the sauce, and kate opens her mouth ready to taste it.
ricky grins, then squats down and reaches under the weight bench.
rebecca spots them in the corner of her eye.
he moves cautiously towards it.
at that moment the tank fires a shell in their direction.
and before kate takes the boy away, he kisses her, too.
the orc catapults do not fire rocks.
celia, wearing a low-cut fitted plum top over a tight pink skirt, sachets up the garden path carrying a pie.
then he hears a voice.
harry embraces his godfather.
holding her letter, he goes over to gavroche.
henry walks back to indy.
jerry is worriedly pacing behind his desk.
hilly and elizabeth smile conspiratorially.
mj walks towards him.
he storms into the study, grabs at the canter, and takes his wig.
he turns in terror and runs off.
they laugh, harry pushes his way through.
he gulps back some vodka.
he sits in his chair in a quiet daze.
the man offers money to jamal.
forrest sits on the bench as the black woman looks at him.
nat looks, but doesn't get it.
the ring stops spinning.
in the diner, jeep anxiously moves the torch around.
he stares helplessly at the terrifying creature.
the thief covers her eyes, then shifts her pained gaze around.
drover walks up beside her.
the dursleys shriek with horror.
he holds it up in the air.
a full moon shines down on the devastated camp.
as debbie pulls out of the lot, she lights a cigarette.
he stares forlornly into the water.
the lights are turned on.
the crashed south jet aircraft stands almost completely assembled with parts strewn around beside it.
in the sky above dark shapes pursue them.
she aims for the center hoop.
gittes pours a large shot.
the slytherin players try to hit angelina off.
they share a warm grin, then face the stage.
the sound of the german voice swearing and the dull, crunching noise made by the boot smashing into the boy continues, and with every thud the boy screams in terrible pain.
the waitress comes out of the kitchen and gapes.
noticing this, thandie frowns.
then he unbuttons his waistcoat and slips it off.
in the morning, whip lies sleeping on the bed fully dressed.
jack waves as rose and her mother walk off.
carl goes into the cluttered living room and looks around.
wille puts down marcus on a bar stool by the counter.
one holds a cigar to his mouth.
there is in carol's attitude toward melvin some ingredient of self-satisfaction -- that she is the only one in the place who can handle him.
voldemort's face is twisted with hatred.
she shuts the door behind her, then walks over to her sister.
wood splinters and flies through the air as more cannon balls hit the barricade.
she pulls off her designer shades.
she looks at him bitterly, without saying a word.
passing soldiers running back from the burning city.
rockets hit the paddy field.
abby sits there, fuming that he's right.
they are both leaving the restaurant now.
the dragon's outstretched wings barely move as the currents of air carry it along.
he makes his way down the crowded street, looking slightly lost.
metallic silver letters appear in the dark, glowering sky.
just as suddenly the lights go back on and the elevator starts moving down again.
mr. braddock looks up at ben's window.
the crowds are mostly silent.
lester, still in his suit, stands outside jane's room, his ear up against the door.
big chuck grabs her hips from behind.
twinkling specks of light drift down like snowflakes.
as it gets closer, we see that laurie is carrying a jack-o-lantern, with a candle illuminating from the center of the pumpkin.
he crosses the room.
harry, ron and hermione escape from the cottage and run down the garden path.
recovering himself, he catches sight of a silvery tail vanishing into the forest of weed.
quick as a flash hurling the other knife at hi.
inside the school, hermione pulls a trunk on wheels past a group of ghostly carol singers.
he looks at keyes with a faint, tired grin and speaks very slowly.
he closes her shutters.
the man is whispering something into the girl's ear.
on a bunting-covered stage a pencil- necked man with round rimless glasses addresses a crowd of rustics.
people start to cheer.
then, hurries back through to the store towards the counter.
he takes a small bottle from his pocket, shakes a pill from it and swallows it dry.
at that moment the waiter returns, expecting to be paid.
marley's chewing a toy on the sofa.
a bob hope christmas special in vietnam on television.
her face is pressed up against the grate as the water level rises and covers her.
robbie turns away and shuffles back, dejectedly.
harry notices two passive pink shoes placed neatly on the floor.
lester, watching from the stands, picks out his daughter.
in his tent, viktor, bleary-eyed, is playing the accordion.
harry studies pettigrew briefly, looks away.
walt goes upstairs,
he finds billie behind a hatcheck counter.
the three friends cling on desperately as the dragon climbs towards the light.
mary jane in a long white dress looks reproachfully at peter in the final fractured image.
in the distance, aunt marge is a faint speck in the darkening sky.
sue brings walt another beer and finds him staring at the elder in ceremonial dress sitting across the room.
mike flops into a chair.
sophie is resplendent in a backless white halter neck dress.
he walks to one of the doors and opens it.
it has the cold assurance of a lawyer, and the captain is a little shaken by it.
meanwhile, jackson crosses over to neff and, during the ensuing dialogue between him and neff, we hear keyes' low voice on the phone in background.
he grins politely as he bends down to retrieve his napkin.
tim gradually begins to kiss her back.
jenny dries the water from her hair.
at the storefront, winstead and hurt stand ready.
helen holds out the glass.
an owner throws a frisbee for his border collie.
they're hitting each other with the suitcases.
she closes her eyes tight, trying to stop the tears, then suddenly screams as loud as she can.
draco goes for his wand.
over neff's face, as he listens to the music, comes the commentary.
but ed is already getting into the driver's seat of the car.
miranda rolls her eyes and slides her sunglasses back on.
the two agents leave her.
the jumble of advertising posters as it passes rapidly, forming a moving band of letters, women, cartoons and colors.
ron and hermione exchange a smile when they notice that harry is watching cho.
king george is standing on one leg, propped against his spear, staring at them through the swirling dust.
one of them wears blue, the other pale green.
she gives a half smile as bond leaves the building.
the packet falls inches from her hand.
mr. miller gets behind the lens.
they find armed men.
ginny and the red-haired girl, lily, follow them.
on the outskirts of the saguaro square mall's parking lot a city bus stops with a hiss.
all the while though, he keeps one eye fixed on the old lady sitting at the table near the andersons.
ron looks at hermione.
now he sees, hiding under the platform, benek, beckoning to him.
he reaches forward and trips indy, who falls onto the roof of the rhino boxcar.
michael steps out.
he carries a tray with breakfast on it.
he faces a secretary.
in the back corner of the gallery, there is a single bullet hole in a pretty eight-year-old girl.
half lying under the table, he twitches, then slowly slides back upright, staring blankly.
kate looks down, then turns and starts to walk out of the room.
she takes the thermometer out of its case, shakes it down.
andrea's eyes tormented.
fantine comes towards him, reaching out her hands.
she looks at the deep, bloody bites on ferris' leg.
another computer screen displays the solar eruptions.
d'artagnan the cat stares at her as she picks up the small, cylindrical remote control unit.
he watches carefully.
we see bert kneeling, trying to put handcuffs on clarence.
he makes a flicking motion.
inside is a shiny red plastic football.
eddie nods and drinks down the last of his brandy as the waiter leaves.
bernie takes a swig of coca-cola.
they seem to be transported by each other as ilsa laughs.
we are inside a customized car.
with a sly look to the side, he reaches for a drinks decanter.
the shape isn't visible behind the windshield.
willa puts her face down to the pillow and moans.
it shakes its head.
cal takes her hand.
marvin is hit in the upper chest, below the throat.
wilson shakes the poles around myrtle's neck.
ruth strides ahead of rose and cal as they walk up a gangplank.
tess freezes as she notices jane.
he pulls her into his lap.
gin nods his head and gets up.
he heads for his office, seeing louis, who is being escorted out by an officer across the room.
they eye david, who sits in a chair.
elliot leans down to the chauffeur's window, signaling for him to start driving.
his hands begin to tremble and he slams the book shut in defeat.
blood, either wet or caked about the man's dead neck or pooling on the floor.
his eyes are moist with tears.
she shakes her head and stares out into the night.
dementors appear, covering frame, then separate like a curtain.
she looks flat and dried up, and extremely self- satisfied and efficient.
an elegant carriage is arriving at longbourn, complete with four horses and liberate footmen.
singh, slighter and older than khan, but wiry and looking capable of physical as well as intellectual strength, and khan's twenty-year-old son, tyeb mohammed.
daisy looks up in wonder.
mozart lying in bed exhausted, but still dictating urgently.
the latter has tears in his eyes.
they move at high speed, with sirens.
buttercup flinches, but does not retreat.
mrs. robinson turns in her chair and looks through the glass into the lobby.
szpilman glances around, goes to the window, looks out.
in the background dietrichson begins to ascend the stairs, carrying his coat and glass.
she moves slowly, dreamily past the combo.
the boat is obliterated.
he switches on the porch light as he goes into the house and shuts the door behind him.
she sees the small alley at the end of this l of cabins, starts toward it.
the orc are chanting as the beast is wheeled closer and closer to the.
the mechanical limbs move in for the kill.
gollum carefully peers over the lip of the gully.
this is the same empty street where george's car swerved into the tree near the sidewalk.
frodo and sam look aghast at the sight of a narrow, nearvertical staircase, cut into the rock-face.
he holds a sweat-soaked hat on his knee with a hairy hand.
his face full of resolve, he stops.
he motions to george to join him.
the book roars angrily, muffled beneath the pillow.
as it pulls away, tyeb mohammed and singh come up to gandhi, both made wary by the man's evident satisfaction with what has transpired.
he sees a name stamped in gold letters on the back.
joe tries to open the holding cell door but it's locked.
the bearded man burns a sizzling liquid in a spoon over the flame.
when he has reached the security of some potted palms, he looks back.
president johnson looks down and smiles.
chili watches her go.
they skim above the track over a magnificent stone fire duct.
darryl is back in his recliner still in shock.
caroline flips another postcard over and reads it.
pushing another switch, strom watches as a large file containing a green liquid empties.
he's wearing a captain's hat.
we are in a narrow army recruiting center.
an automobile funeral procession appears and begins to pass them slowly.
jacob and klaatu are sitting in the open back of the pickup.
he swings from his hip flask and gives a shudder.
where harry lies in bed in a pain-killer stupor.
the locker door is plastered with photos and cuttings.
carl and the vagrant guy get into carl's car.
cole quietly takes a step back into the doorway of the other room.
evan looks up to see carlos staring at him with reverence.
george stands a moment, stunned.
she turns back to fergus and finds his seat empty.
zed's office is a circular, windowed room elevated above the main floor of mib headquarters.
he replaces the cap, then slowly stands up and sets the bottle on top of the fridge.
he is distracted by a phalanx of guards (an officer and four men) pushing their way through the prisoners.
mark leads juno into the kitchen, where he pours two drinks.
a fleet of other ships are now at the scene.
their eyes meet for a fraction of a second.
gandalf rises to his full height, his eyes flash, his shadow suddenly seems to fill the room.
andrea turns to evan, now trembling on the front stoop.
emily sits at her desk in her office, writing.
dumbledore steps up to the lectern, a gilded owl on the front of it stretches its wings.
indy and elsa begin to inspect the ornately carved coffins like the scholars of antiquity that they are.
she starts to clear the table.
now there's a big guy in a plaid wool shirt next to him, the same guy we saw when bo catlett was here.
nick gives paula a look.
bob watches as the ice cream man sniffs the air.
the bar is nearly empty when eddie comes in.
he goes over to the paned window.
the classroom doors open and students start to file out.
eddie cashes in a winning ticket.
bond follows and fires as the double agent runs out of sight.
-- sets hedwig free of her traces.
elijah turns.
the car is approaching.
she pats his ass and exits the bathroom.
filch manhandles draco into the room.
lt. dan looks at the soldiers and points to his eyes.
norman gazes at the screen and waves.
the spaceship, which resembles the canopy of a palm tree, lifts into the air.
harry turns away, his face sad and pale.
wearing a white robe, sydney sits in a steam room.
a priest is seen hurrying into the house, accompanied by two altar boys.
he sees malfoy moving on it.
nice guy places the receiver back in its cradle.
inside the hatch jackson holds a turch as tenzen unwinds a seald shaft
peter shoots brian a withering look.
hermione reaches the professors' grand stand and raises up the stairs.
they turn to a troubled-looking dale, who forces a smile.
a young boy in a turban spies jamal as he reaches in through the window and steals a couple of chapatis.
they toss his wallet, his silver cigarette case, etc.
michael looks at her, as if she was exactly who he expected to see.
latika sees jamal running towards her, and smiles.
jane glances at her mother, before returning her attention to bingley.
peter senses something and looks around uneasily.
he removes the fangs.
david stands in a quiet corner and watches the faces of passengers arriving and departing late night trains.
among them, jane sits next to angela hayes.
nigel is a plucky small boy.
then, removes the head scarf that she is wearing.
hi keeps running.
gurdeep pours ice around doctor lokesh's feet.
he looks back down the platform.
cosette and marius rush round the cloisters and enter the chapel in the middle of the cloisters.
we see mr. baker, a wealthy white lawyer, whose home this is, poking at the fire, slightly amused at gandhi's na vet.
she walks into a dark corridor.
a tear trickles down kate's face.
a pile of videocassettes is plopped onto the counter, with a single key on top.
harry struggles desperately as a faint vapor is drawn from his face.
she stands with her market-basket, reacting to wolf whistles o.s.
clarence slowly follows him, glancing up toward heaven as he goes.
she turns to go, but don holds her back.
a student, enjolras, stands on a raised step, making an impassioned speech with fellow student marius.
one of them tosses aside his cigarette.
he looks into his side view mirror and sees only a man at a mailbox, a vagrant, and a few pedestrians.
eddie laughs and moves toward the open door leading to the billiard rooms.
she stomps furiously towards the house, as drover approaches a blazing funeral fire.
the salesman leans forward and grips the window sill as he watches the dog.
he's lying by the fire.
they step inside as lovejoy turns the corner and tries to open the door.
she turns around sharply and looks at the departing peter.
he and zus gather up their armory of guns and run.
emily looks down, considers, then undoes her seat belt.
he dumps the cans in a bin.
the tracking camera pulls back further to reveal a running jack-rabbit keeping pace with us in the foreground.
students rush down the stairs.
maman screws up his face and buries his head in his hands.
he stares at her belly.
the two of them step out into a corridor.
marshall is a middle-aged man with neat gray hair.
natalie scans the bare office, looking slightly uncomfortable.
walter sadly shakes his head.
trees are bursting with blossom as the track team jogged down a winding path.
sitting down, he nods to chili who ignores him.
jagged blades spring from his forearms, and he slashes at peter's stomach.
he approaches valjean.
they watch fearfully.
then, struggling to rise, is helped to his feet by more willing hands.
norman screws up his eyes and heads for the open window.
elijah starts back to the businessman shaking his head strongly.
pearl gapes up at john as he speaks.
jane looks away with a serious expression, and lizzie leaves the room.
he notices a few dollars in change set out on the counter and faces the customer it belongs to.
walt matches off, leaving thao looking dejected but thoughtful.
florence stops reading and looks up at the ceiling.
dr. julius bennett (85) enters from the foyer, still winded from coming down the stairs.
we're looking down on lester and carolyn in bed.
henry looks confused.
they glance at another table.
graham touches his shoulder and merrill wakes.
he points to her blue gingham blouse.
sim pulls watson away from holmes and hugs him tight.
an officer in dark glasses sits in one of the trucks, coolly smoking a cigarette.
the gimps's eyes go from one to the other inside the mask.
ben raises his eyes and stares ahead, his face etched with anguish as he remembers.
he nods slowly.
he pours ferris a cup of coffee.
the bearded milkman cowers behind a tree.
sir george looks at him and sighs heavily.
one taps another on the shoulders.
she stares at him with bitter disappointment, then turns on her heel and leaves.
with her other hand she points to the wedding ring on her left hand.
he chats to zoe as he chops onions.
he applies lipstick in the corridor and the conductor walks past him as he stands outside the lavatory.
they get in separate cars and drive off.
the door on her right, which opens into the mother's room, is closed.
he leans on the windowsill as she walks to a taxi.
frodo turns a page.there before him, is a map of the shire.
the other mercenaries cover rambo with their weapons and glance at each other worriedly.
enjolras raises the red flag and soldiers open fire.
and now, with the grace of an olympian, inigo flies off the perch, somersaults clean over the man in black's head, and lands facing his opponent.
as david takes the seat beside her, she stirs.
david starts moving a little to his right.
she hears a noise coming from her bedroom and looks to see d'artagnan's paw in the fish bowl, trying to scoop up a goldfish.
the place looks a mess - like a couple of people were engaged in some tremendous fucking.
then, in just his shorts, he grins and runs to his grandfather.
high metal panels are pushed into place forming a triangular wall around the robot.
it slowly turns, and harry steps onto the circular staircase behind it.
a close view shows the two man carrying the trunk across the living room toward the corridor.
lynn looks over slowly.
david offers a staffer a cordial wave as he and elise proceed through the offices.
he looks up at a gigantic silken banner floating above.
video footage shows a man wiping tears from his eyes, archive footage of anguised diana appears.
she removes it and straightens.
the kid is unruffled.
her anguished parents here the crashes from inside, then see peter emerge with their daughter.
harry flies back over the arena to see draco hovering in front of him.
he's lying fully clothed on a sofa.
indy looks around.
king george continues his singing.
a limb places its pincer round peter's neck.
then, he takes off his shoe and stuffs the scrap of paper into it.
across the street is the clinic where aisha works.
the plane carrying greene beam black agent with a beard takes off.
ryan gives an i-told-you-so look.
george casually looks at the strange smiling little man a second time.
dobby stands between luna and ollivander and takes their hands.
she presses the button that electrically opens the front door.
jeff turns his eyes in the same direction as hers.
joining the crowd, he heads into the big-top.
and again the audience bursts into applause.
he quickly puts on the invisibility cloak over his head and disappears.
fergus turns with sudden fierceness.
debbie comes in to talk.
he grins and gives the blonde a kiss.
everett bows his head as well.
eddie peers at them, trying to figure his shot, blinking his eyes to focus better.
nearby, a porcelain doll's face juts out of the silt.
they run across the wasteland.
the hobbits go crazy.
he plays it with growing enthusiasm.
nick picks up the plastic bin and heads out.
voldemort staggers and then returns it.
she indicates the road he should take.
horror and shock erasing all other memories from merry's mind.
he stands, pulls out his flashlight -- aims the beam down rows of graves, toward the big caretaker's shed in the distance.
ryan looks down, a troubled frown etched across his brow.
parrish is confounded.
elijah stands waiting in the ground tunnel by himself.
the connection breaks, harry runs over to cedric's body and summons the cup over to them.
gandalf and pippin dismount, leaving the guards of the citadel to tend to shadowfax.
behind him, stella moves to the center of the room, saying.
humperdinck and rugen, walking into the grove of trees.
lucius glares at draco, who freezes.
spider-man soars, dives and weaves to avoid the bullets being pumped directly at him.
mary goes into the cabin.
holmes imagines a rifle.
she gives him a kiss and trips over the front step.
past ben, through the window, we see elaine walking away.
spider-man wheezes up to the ledge of a building, pulls off his mask, and shakes sand from his hair.
bert watches them go, wiping the champagne off his coat lapels.
they dance.
the boat enters more populated territories.
he leaves her there in the hall and walks off.
the group is now seen walking down the canopied entrance stairs of an apartment house on the other side of the street, where they'd been gazing at both the lovely and ugly facades across the way.
in a house, three young middle eastern men listen to al-saleem on a television.
the door opens and they see harry.
he gestures for the girls to dance.
roscoe screams bloody murder -- releases his grip on the cross and tries to shake off the snake.
malcolm puts his fingers to his temple.
whipping round, he drops the torch and the light goes out.
he looks down miserably.
baum climbs out the other door.
whip shuts his eyes.
lynn reaches into the dryer, digging for a new tie.
inside, mr. wickham stands up, ready to receive his bride.
as the dementors start to move again, they are turned back by a powerful invisible shield and swoop away over harry's head.
he buttons his jacket, looks around the room, and opens the corridor door.
king george glares at him.
renault walks up the stairs to rick's office.
phyllis and neff come through archway.
holding his wand in his hand, he starts to explore the cave.
they drive until lillian middle school.
he switches it on and presses some keys.
covered in dust.
jeep, charlie, and audrey rush to a door and open it.
ron has joined them.
punnoose gestures to salim to pick up the cloth and the chloroform bottle.
he looks over at his wife and gives her a little wave.
mickey can be seen emerging from its depths.
he floats away.
the figure runs towards light.
gandhi nods to him and acknowledges the residue of applause.
he watches the living room for a moment.
eddie reaches across to light bert's cigarette with the lighter sarah gave him.
jenny is wearing a stylish coat.
he glances at the other three diners, then follows charlie to the counter, all eyes on him.
there's a large picture of president truman pinning the coveted medal on harry's bosom, in the midst of dignitaries; a picture of the transport which harry saved.
ryan turns away and looks down.
as he pushes her through the kitchen door, he slaps her fanny.
slowly they dance around and around.
too exhausted to argue, sam turns away.
george touches his lips with his tongue, wipes his mouth with his hand, laughs happily.
murdoch swallows hard.
wincing with pain, harry clutches the wound on his arm.
his hands open the grail diary.
the skiptracer peers out of his window, watching the businessmen at their numerous vehicles.
he gets out of the car and goes to the reception window.
seeing this, walt grimaces.
yanking the man's wrist over the counter, dillinger snatches his claim ticket.
taylor yells to a stunned barnes.
a elderly woman wearing a plastic mac and rain hat enters the tunnel pulling a shopping trolley.
eowyn watches concerned as her uncle moves away.
in the room below, dudley is asleep on a sofa while harry sprawls on the floor in a sleeping bag.
kyle's expression says this is not good news.
slithering tentacles snake over them, twisting around their arms and legs, and twining around their necks.
music plays as we see sparse images of vanessa loring's hands preparing the house for juno's arrival -- sprucing a vase of flowers.
its feet founded in ashen ruin, its huge cone rising to a great height, where its reeking head is swathed in cloud.
two black students were being led toward the schoolhouse.
there is livestock in an adjacent field.
the overseer takes the check.
thao hurries up the stairs and finds that walt has locked him in the basement.
they sit, side by side, in the golden evening sun, looking out over the lush valley.
ruby and clary are standing aside; mary and pearl hold up a third pot-holder.
they walk together in the gardens of longbourn.
the cab pulls away.
the man leads them into a busy kitchen.
vanessa, mac and gerta rauss are waiting in awkward silence for juno and mark to return.
he whimpers as he pets it.
a health teacher in slo-mo puts a condom on a banana.
m stands looking out from one of the balconies.
the coffee comes.
phyllis turns and walks out of the shot in the direction of the parked car.
they start to explode.
dillinger gazes at her and brushes her dark hair aside to reveal her big eyes.
the audience are on their feet.
and the plane takes off as the runway disintegrates beneath.
norma, still standing behind him, has a poignant, wistful expression on her face.
marley watches him leave and settles back down next to the sleeping lad.
she takes some pills out of a cupboard and hands them to her mother with a glass of water.
forrest wipes his face on the towel and hands it back to the man.
his tone is harder again.
the yoke slips out of ken's hands as whip struggles to gain control and the plane begins to dive.
gabriel forces michael over a worktop and pins him down.
two tiny figures in a bleak, foreboding landscape.
felix gives a bitter smile then follows beam up the plane's steps.
he crosses to the davenport to get the policies from his briefcase.
benjamin lies in bed in the hotel.
helen stares in disbelief.
gandalf turns and walks away.
wilson puts his hand on adrian's shoulder.
a second, and gandhi reaches out and touches the top of his head.
hi and ed sit listlessly watching tv.
nearby are some stone ruins.
and jinnah has drawn himself up.
holding his cell phone, he looks at the salon number displayed in red.
the queen looks up from her bed.
lynda pulls bob up from the couch and they walk quickly up the stairs.
gandhi looks around the audience and we see the packed house from his point of view, ending with two plainclothes european policemen conspicuous in seats at the end of the front row.
officer steensma plunges down the stairs.
it is the first youth's mother and her presence reduces the pitch of his hostility considerably.
seeing a huge underground lake.
debbie is totally deflated.
tuvia nods, and the two of them set off, both wearing caps and scarves wrapped around their necks.
he yanks the cord of his venetian blind.
daisy lifts nullah to grab on to a pipe.
his eyes meet dave mackay's.
their clothes are dirty -- and they are too -- but they are laying knives and guns at gandhi's feet.
he's sitting in an overstuffed chair.
he finds tom riddle standing next to the unconscious ginny.
kate's hair is disheveled.
allison and carl stand together at the top of the hill.
he turns and ducks under her arm and pulls her close.
the man in black, stopping fast.
the tv is on and the place is a mess.
dobby still holds the diary.
the house is destroyed.
rooney is working on a power line outside a junkyard.
later in rose's room, trudy laces up the back of rose's corset.
howard bends down.
later, he's in the truck next to the horrified sarah.
beside him is a huge stone eagle.
joe and the others watch as the locket sticks to the side of the tower.
he pushes bellatrix aside.
the speakers blast out a high energy country number, which mia plays air-guitar to.
half a dozen cockroaches stream out of his sleeve.
he speaks into the phone as calmly as possible.
up ahead of them is a massive chamber cut into the subterranean rocks.
he tries to drink from his water bottle but finds it empty.
they are old friends -- the same school, the same social class, long together in india -- and their argument is an argument between friend who accept the same premises.
he pushes a button.
numerous television reporters are gathered in front of a hotel opposite an entrance with a revolving door.
hermione reaches out and grabs it.
as she walks back to tommy at the street the shape moves to watch them, then fades back into the interior of the house.
he polishes the brass plaque on the visitors door.
he climbs a flight of stairs and approaches a nurse at a reception desk.
bond, holding him by the hair.
the female thug watches him nearby.
rambo throws a switch and the lights go on.
her arms relax and she lets go of the syringe.
olaf looks the girls up and down.
marcus pantomimes helpless laughter, noiselessly throwing his head back and holding his gut as it heaves with mirth.
gandhi is incredulous that he is being addressed in such a manner.
mac and bren brace themselves.
he sees a motionless holmes by the window.
eddie drains the last drips from his bottle of bourbon, then looks jauntily at bert, who now sits quietly in a chair, watching them both.
the ocean roils around the ship as it sinks deeper.
the man in the army jacket turns as he reaches a subway entrance that marks the end of the parking lot.
the baby looks back at him.
griphook has long filthy pointed nails.
he smiles beatifically.
she watches, fascinat- ed, as joe licks his gums, enjoying every last bit of his spoonful.
she goes to the bathroom and moisturizes her hands, then does some work at her laptop.
but gandhi holds up a shaking hand, stopping them.
the chocolate frog crawling up the window, leaps into rose's hand.
he pins her to the ground, his body bent with the chair.
he now has on a clean shirt and is clean and freshly shaven.
harry turns the sky stick side on so he can fly along the narrow gap, dodging fire escapes and air con units as he air boards after peter.
carol looks totally beat as she sets down a cup of coffee.
her classmates perform a cheerleader routine.
gandalf pulls pippin onto shadowfax.
when he looks through them everything is blurred.
harry sees the dark mark on karkaroff's arm.
vanessa, sitting up in bed, her baby in her arms, gazes solemnly into his upturn face.
a man drinks from a glass mug; people chatter indistinctly over the loud band.
walt wanders off, frowning.
inside we can just see mirabehn, spinning too.
without his overcoat, he wears a black vest and a leather gun holster.
in the studio, david shakes jon stewart's hand, then waves to the audience.
they head across the queensboro bridge side-by-side.
kazim puts it down and takes control of the wheel from one of the turkish agents in the boat with him.
he smiles, exits.
dyle leaves the elevator and goes to his own door.
salim finds her and pulls her off the train by her hair.
his arms are folded around his knees.
gollum clawing frantically, riding on the back of the invisible frodo.
valjean's cab, moving fast, passes down the road into the city.
a bar of light from door falls across preacher's face.
he whips out his little sword.
scowling at the safe, brock stands.
a man leaps through glass doors, swinging the blade wildly.
the brightness drains from lisa's face, and she lowers her eyes slowly toward the table.
he spots a toy soldier wielding a sword.
fergus stands up suddenly.
jeep freezes, stunned by her words, overwhelming fear paralyzing him where he stands.
parrish enters, joe following right behind him.
holding him, jeep rolls out of the way.
he is writing in the last chapters.
harry opens his eyes and ron, fred, george, and hermione slowly come into focus, standing at the foot of his bed in the hospital wing.
charles nods -- joe looks to cary.
he's been surround.
he presses his thumb to the screen to confirm his identity.
he adjusts his leg with his hands.
he's seated on a kitchen chair with the television on a roll-away stand crammed in with him.
the next day is clear and bright, the sun shining over the skyscrapers of manhattan.
nick the bartender is behind the bar.
fantine kisses his forehead.
forrest, dressed in his uniform, sits on a log and looks out at a river.
the clothes they wear, which looked normal from the distance, are rags -- literally, shredded rages, one hung on another.
two balls are rolled to the end of the table, and fats and eddie, like two duelers, prepare to shoot for the break.
renault pauses and looks at rick.
jane gazes adoringly at her new husband.
lights start to flash and plates rattle.
now, he jogs on a treadmill with electrodes dotting his bare chest.
larry is talking to oliver.
gandhi is holding a large white head cloth which he is soaking in the water, but his eyes have been arrested by the sight of the women across the river.
with his hand on soo-mi's shoulder, norm dances around as they walk off.
they begin their walk into the dirt tunnel, a tall oval.
joseph closes his mouth, swallows, and blinks hard.
both people are knocked back a few steps from the force of the collision.
jamal wakes up.
they have a good view across the devastation.
other workers, all men, sit around fire.
placing his palm on the automatic ticket reader pad.
the girl heads off down the corridor.
immediately indications of surprise on board members' faces at parrish bringing in an 'observer', drew's reaction guarded but intense.
he pulls out the obituary column he'd folded up earlier in the day.
a man seated nearby.
the cart rattles along a leafy lane, driven by a stooped figure in grey.
harry suddenly spots the key with a broken wing.
moriarty accompanies the singer.
on the piece of paper is written: dear elaine, elaine, elaine, elaine, and her name several dozen times.
willie takes the money.
white-robed people continue to drift past them.
wearing traditional robes, a jacket and skull cap, ferris walks down the hill, towards the iraqi by the fire.
he reaches the street just in time to see a fleet of police cars tearing around the corner, sirens wailing, heading this way.
harry sits on a swing lost in thought.
the house stands in the rain.
fats walks around the table and peers at the balls.
rose puffs on it.
he bounds up the stoop.
grimacing, he lumbers forward as javert watches, coldly.
she takes out the thermometer, looks at it.
he is sicilian and his name is vizzini.
jackson falls along the center aisle.
count rugen, throwing the dagger.
he signals to his gang.
then she shows him to a seat at the table, disappears into an unseen kitchen and returns with a bottle and two glasses.
jeep can't get off another shot without the risk of hitting audrey.
some sit on the floor or lean against the coolers, but all are either preparing or practicing.
the sun is behind him.
the screen splits.
he holds a cigarette.
ricky is eighteen, but his eyes are much older.
graham lies on his side in bed.
his head droops.
charles comes in.
the group applauds once more, toasting and drinking, and warmly sounding their approval.
jane and lizzie are watching him with some concern.
he starts to caress rose's hair, but she backs away from him.
she shows mark the image.
nick, who wears a short sleeved t shirt, watches dale pick up the tray.
people pack up their belongings.
tony smiles, walks to the kitchen table and playfully messes up the hair of one of his sons.
he shakes the book.
percy is the first to react.
the giant trees, thick and black-green, look ominous as hell and they shield all but intermittent stripes of sun.
she licks her lips anxiously.
it rolls away.
szpilman drops to walking pace, makes for the gates.
when they come opposite skiff -- which is a few yards out from shore.
inside the vehicle, we glimpse the figure of salieri.
the guard approaches to open the gates.
hi's face is set in rigid dismay.
hermione's parents are watching tv.
over time, it fills up with various gift baskets.
on the bridge anheuser spots a wrecked planning hovering through the crashing waves.
women carrying cases are herded from their village.
debbie looks at him and tries to be nice, but we feel her effort.
the girl hands the bouquet to the queen who smiles.
in the pouring rain, nick dashes out of his truck outside kate's apartment building.
daisy, who's now in her 20s, gets out and walks along the sidewalk towards the house.
both a bus and a taxi drive down the street, blocking mickey from view.
the water reaches their feet.
she stifles a self-conscious smile.
ferris lies by the open hatch.
she pins him on the table.
the shape moves closer to the kitchen window and knocks over a potted plant.
the others leave norman in peter's room.
the camera moves down the body of the lead singer, singing into a microphone, from his longish, curly red hair, through his cut-off red shirt and sweaty torso, to his guitar.
elrond, celeborn and galadriel are waiting for them.
icey carries a torch.
he examines his reflection in a mirror.
he holds on tight to the corner of the desk, sweat dripping, his skin ashen.
he stands shaking, staring wildly.
mrs. robinson moves in to ben, kneels in front of him and starts to unbutton his shirt.
arwen's eyes drop to the child's chest.
violet bick arrives, and takes out the money george had given her for her trip to new york.
his eyes fall again on the empty bottle and the empty glass.
morning, thao walks into walt's kitchen and finds him sipping a mug of coffee.
carolyn almost jumps out of her skin.
the dude glances furtively about and then opens a quart of milk.
in the kiss he is passive.
the boat is old and rusty.
he abandons it.
he turns and goes down the stairs.
gatsby touches his chest and looks at his finger.
beyond him, flames rise up into the night sky.
robbie stands on a platform behind it.
they turn back.
the goblin thwarts that.
women move about the street, seeking their dead loved ones among the bodies that still litter the barricade.
miss lonely hearts puts the dog in the basket, and watches as the husband draws it slowly up.
the viewer moves away, and we are left with the identical scene, but not quite so still, a slight breeze stirring the foliage.
the others watch as the car stops.
at the osborn home, norman is pouring himself a drink from a decanter.
only some hangers remain.
nick continues to watch her as he works.
bob walks out from the kitchen.
he gazes at her as she gets back onto her scooter.
his face is badly bruised and he clutches his battered ribs.
neff has put down his hat and briefcase.
miss bingley stands up.
visible now behind them are a caribbean woman in her mid- thirties, teena, an arm around her mother, easter, who is holding her stomach and rocking back and forth in her seat, in great pain.
ron destroying the locket with the sword of gryffindor.
some men wrestle the shooter.
the surface ripples as the face of gollum appears as smeagol's.
he observes her, but she is unaware of him, however now, as she makes a barrel turn, his shadow falls over a reflection from a window, she aborts her lap, looks up to see who it is.
he stretches out his left hand, and holds her head still.
she gasps, and tizzy covers his mouth.
inside, more lights come on.
she stands there, lips pursed, absorbing the insult.
he swallows with difficulty.
he watches her turn and start down the stairs before he shuts the door.
a man watches nearby.
he moves away from her but stops to glance back.
two meant for each other find themselves in tearful ecstasy.
they take their seats by the tables.
she bends over it a moment, looks up at the capsules, and returns to the book.
she meets his playful expression with a shrug, and then a smile.
he removes it, revealing a round coin-sized scar on the back of his hand.
a cradle is still in its carton.
don has entered.
shells cascade along the feet of the shooters.
harry steps forward and watches him then follows.
he grabs salieri.
an old man looks up from his book.
he kisses his young bride, the onlookers smile.
merrill eyes the crops suspiciously, then, retreats.
drew indicates to the board's stenographer to arrange joe's refreshments.
she goes up the stairs.
richard sidles up behind him at the sink.
david opens the boot and rummages inside.
sydney walks away.
in the middle of the back of his t-shirt are three small tears.
students splash across the courtyard with cloaks over their heads to protect themselves from the rain.
rick nods to strasser and heinze.
as he climbs, indy's feet break a wooden beam, attracting the men's attention.
the knife drops to the floor.
down in his basement, walt is busy moving an old freezer on a sack truck.
dumbledore puts up his wand and pulls a quivering string of magic out from his head.
john looks over his shoulder in same direction as the gavel.
peter is silent for a moment.
joe follows parrish out of the room.
audrey dives into the car as the throng of creatures rapidly closes in.
it consists of von strack, orsini-rosenberg, bonno, von swieten and salieri.
a long beat as michael considers bob.
the boat pulls alongside the harbor where michael's party were dropped.
merrill shakes his head.
elsa and donovan take cover beside the parked car.
phillip enters a room and stands by the door.
her eyes dart nervously.
following it, very close, we see only its rear wheel and fender and twin exhaust pipes, one on either side.
as david greets his supporters, the campaign chairman sits on a picnic table and reads a newspaper.
frodo and sam moving across a hellish dry landscape of twisted volcanic rock and steaming fissures.
he shoots one of the gypsies as he tries to board the train.
we're looking at the colonial house next door where the moving van was parked earlier.
on the other side of the roof, bob keeps watch, struggling to stay awake.
forrest lies in a pup tent and writes a litter as the rain pours down.
malcolm glances to the house, where all movements in and out of the home has ceased.
he gags on his drink.
amos is walking past.
all the lights in the yacht go out.
everett looks desperately about.
his eyes flash briefly with triumph before he hurries off.
forrest tries to teach forrest jr. how to play ping-pong.
forrest looks at the massive crowd.
he lies on his back, chuckling and murmuring indistinctly in his sleep.
zacky would run too, but don holds him by the collar.
he flings strom through the glass of the chamber.
he pulls the throttle back open.
a waitress comes over.
bill is in the kitchen.
the crowd still surges around and gandhi is looking apprehensively back for ba.
klaatu enters the lift.
almost as if she were looking for something.
he walks behind kayleigh and cups his hands tightly around her ears.
the presidential party continues, holden replacing barnes at the front.
snoop dog moves the door aside and uncovers a square object.
holmes spots two pipers outside the church and gestures for them to play.
her sister throws clothes at a closet.
the queen closes her eyes, composes her features.
the football coach, the assistants and the players all motion for forrest to run toward the end zone.
we can faintly hear her voice saying something to the effect that he'll get into trouble.
elizabeth hurries out of the room with the baby.
ron glances across at lavender who waves to him.
in his attic room, marius removes a gold ring from his finger and takes a pistol from a case.
hands clasp around his throat and yank him out of the frame.
he is a small self- important figure of fifty in a wig, surmounted by a scarlet skullcap.
holmes gets to his feet.
the whole congregation stands.
gandalf as he waits tensely below.
his movements are slow and strained.
the people of minas tirith watch from the.
pippin looks on stunned, as a huge orc leaps towards him.
a nazi motorcade approaches a curved metal bridge.
the patrol boat is armed with a flame thrower and a machine -gun.
he looks around in dismay as harry catches him up and gradually overtakes.
he brushes them aside.
we look down at the river, where edward's reflection is caught in the dark water.
he opens the medicine cabinet and puts the aspirin bottle back.
trolls load the catapults with rocks.
they collide in mid air, then fall, snarling and biting.
he turns with a bright smile.
he takes another bite, holds it over the garbage, then takes one last bite before dumping what little remains.
wash hogwallop, a sour-looking bald man, sits near a rusted bathtub in a yard littered with ancient car parts and farm implements overgrown with weeds.
he punches the man in the gut, to no effect.
the mother looks like she stopped breathing.
she moves uncomfortably to the sink.
they turn to see.
parrish hesitates, waves and steps away, applause that grows into cheers, the music resumes, another dance tune.
a jet touches down on a runway.
inside, we see vanessa sitting alone at her perfect dining room table, drinking a glass of wine.
she rejoins the group.
she reaches out her hand and strokes his.
parrish blinks, stares down at his cards.
hannah regards her boyfriend, who is playing with his phone and sitting next to another guy doing the same thing.
he eyes rick closely.
a limb stops him.
edward takes a seat beside him.
she finishes buttoning her shirt and glances back at the sleeping man.
shells ricochet off the trees around him.
bn sneaks up to the cage, breaks open a chain on the door and motions the women to follow him quietly.
students stand beside them, staring up into the sky.
hoffman gets off with a bag slung on his shoulder.
dil rises from the bed and points her gun at jude.
it heads straight for her eye.
hagrid suddenly stops.
a nun walks slowly out of the sanctuary in the convent.
he closes the door and walks across a balcony towards a metal rail.
one hits a chubby woman in the neck.
kate closes the album, then places it down on the chest of drawers.
his extended office now complete, harken removes a strip of clear plastic from a plaque on the door and buffs it with his sleeve.
at the dance show, some of the watching soldiers rock drunkenly back and forth in time with the music.
veins stand out on his muscular arms.
jodi's eyes follow.
as the plane lands a swastika on its tail is clearly visible.
table linen has been thrown over some tables and chairs to form a tent.
tess dangles a cat by its hind legs.
the trunk barely closes.
forrest looks over his shoulder.
sparks shoot from an overhead pipe.
closeup - nice guy eddie speaking into the car phone.
don sits bathed in sweat, tears of terror in his eyes.
jenny glances at her husband, who's lost for words.
his eyes and purses his lips.
then, it falls and hits the troll hard on its ugly, green head.
the surface of malcolm's desk is covered with open texts.
his skin turns brown and leathery and stretches across his bones until it splits.
tuvia thanks koscik's widow.
he looks over his shoulder to the give the guy a smile.
he shifts the spoon from hand to hand, starts to stick it in his pocket, realizes this is inappropriate.
turning on his heel, he hastily follows her inside.
the officer points his own shotgun through the barred door.
after the dude's outgoing message we hear.
she nose-nuzzles in eskimo style.
a uniformed orderly uses a telephone near the hangar door.
ferris rubs the dark, sticky substance between his fingers.
he eyes her steadily and smiles faintly.
at lambton, the maid comes in to find lizzie and the gardiners.
voldemort destroys it.
he switches the lamp on again.
he reads the bugle's reward for a spider-man photo.
he hangs up, swings his feet out of bed and spears his slippers, reaching for his robe at the same time.
abby and colin walk barefoot over rocks spanning the creek.
mad-eye moody, mr. weasley, and kingsley shacklebolt follow them inside.
as the camera stops we hear the following heavenly voices talking, and as each voice is heard, one of the stars twinkles brightly.
it twinkles as clarence speaks.
vernon waves a shotgun nervously.
a truck of army reinforcements arrives.
the little flagpole is empty, the rope dangling, flapping loosely down the pole.
he looks from ed out to the road.
her lips spread into a sad smile.
it swoops down a grassy slope towards a crooked willow tree.
harry, hermione and ron duck down, as a thin-faced man with a beard looks out.
sam starts to go under, spluttering and coughing.frodo drops his paddle and scrambles backwards in the boat.
as carol enters the hospital.
after gesturing to the back of the orkin van, where edgar's spaceship is neatly stowed, kay pulls out his cell phone.
bond's trying to reach the one on the ground.
debris fills the sky as the light plane rises.
harry looks around curiously.
emily watches from the porch with a smile.
henry helps fats into the jacket with the carnation still in the lapel.
his eyes shift to the pumpkin patch.
they exchange awkward smiles.
harry walks up a grassy hillock.
she gets up, they start up the aisle together.
the customer watches as the cat takes a huge dump, leaning on its haunches to accommodate the stinky load.
merrill's hands choke up on the bat.
as he ducks under branches, the chain holding the key to the city gets caught.
renault gets out of his chair and crosses to the front of his desk.
as he roars along a ribbon of desert highway.
she comes out of the bathroom.
he tucks in.
more women curtsy as the queen moves along.
as the boats arrive hundreds of orcs race ashore.
the brown haired hotel manager knocks on sidney's room door.
ben is backing out.
he is a tall man in a county sheriff's uniform.
harry and cedric have ported to a graveyard.
he drops the bar slowly to his chest and pushes up until his arms are straight.
as he slaloms through the wildly scattering hayseeds.
emily smiles gleefully.
he but turns, rushes out of the door and dives into the river below.
an agent standing by the bar pushes a button.
phyllis releases the hand brake and puts the car in reverse.
the bearded man in the tweed suit watches the speaker.
he takes out mycroft's personal oxygen respirator.
she munches popcorn.
john gets home.
david observes thompson, who stands still, his thoughtful eyes blinking.
through smoke and clouds they see fire and mountain lava
he frantically rattles the handle of the locked door.
harry approaches them.
he goes back to his food.
debbie moves away.
we see laurie walking off down the street in the distance.
watson regards holmes for a moment then leans back against the side of a box car with a resigned expression.
and walks across the room.
forrest begins to dance again as elvis plays the guitar and sings.
quince exits, parrish presses the button for the speaker- phone.
the germans are evacuating the villa.
the queen takes a pen from her purse and writes on a sheet of paper.
hermione rummages in her bag and pulls out a small phial.
the man in black comes running into view, still dragging buttercup, who sometimes stumbles, but he keeps forcing her along.
renault walks up to carl.
and drags willie away.
suddenly, she breaks into a run, racing as fast as she can across the grass.
he looks over at the dock.
one nudges the other in astonishment, signaling off toward the judge.
she staggers out of the pub.
forming circles of bodies which are animated into a flickering blur.
sharpening a spear, zus looks up in surprise as tuvia comes back to the camp with more refugees.
ron watches the spiders nervously as they scuttle after each other away into the forest.
he reacts quizically to a whispered.
a large figure looms out of the shadows, reaching for frodo.
george stops short, suddenly aware of the tragic old eyes looking up at him.
frodo.eyes flickering open.
jules lowers his gun, lying it on the table.
salim can watch no more and kneels to vomit.
standing in the bathroom, charlie lights a cigarette and has a puff.
the car swerves away from the track and swoops under the viaduct.
he gets off his bike and looks around.
she catches fletcher's eye.
he looks deeply hurt.
he takes one last breath.
bo catlett keeps his mouth close to her ear.
jeff looks across the room at her.
-- when louis finally gets out -- he runs from his car -- stumbling drunk and bleeding -- screaming, shredding his.
chaos as soldiers, women and children dodge falling masonry.
his soul looks back to his dead self in the sanctuary.
she grins.
the prison officer's eyes fall on him.
she passes some office buildings, a store's large display window; she stops when she sees hannah.
it's an empty, wrinkled, white plastic bag.
tex takes a book of matches from his pocket.
westley starts to fall--the screen goes black.
indy sees the cross on the rock next to the lantern.
she finds the living room full of maids.
she continues to gather the money together.
hi is still shaking his head.
everett, pete, delmar and tommy are walking through the woods.
a doctor leans over ferris, who wakes.
mac pulls over and parks on the curb.
it uncovers a deep shaft.
juno walks over to the bed and sits down next to bleeker.
in a movie theatre, the event plays on a newsreel.
harry gives chase, then the book turns, begins nipping viciously at his shoes.
they sit beside each other on a tram.
the old woman smiles a little, a crooked grin of broken teeth.
louise's eyes are wild, not seeing, while thelma now seems completely serene.
rick's intention suddenly dawns on ilsa.
she strokes his cheek.
and we're back where we were at the last moment we saw her, buttercup frozen, the shrieking eel, jaws wide, about to clamp down as we.
a few rows down, dillinger stands with polly and dons his straw hat.
ron turns.
harry turns to cho.
the locker hallway: the boys are handcuffed and scared, being led out by armed soldiers.
he sees larry and turns around before anyone notices him.
laurie gets up to answer it.
nick looks curious.
kate watches a sleeping zoe.
harry is nearly knocked off his broomstick by a passing bludger.
her lips offer to him.
fantine lowers her head.
gittes loses himself among the ivy in the channel.
she lies motionless, her head on a pillow.
they change form, and shoot into the sky, the cloud of black spell.
the bmw rounds the corner onto thurmond's street, raising smoke from its tires in the process.
jody smiles up at him.
eyes on the darkness, she bends low to the children.
harry snaps the wand in two.
hermione and ron are walking up to them.
close shot, the horse's head, its eyes rolling as it swerves again.
he really wants to press it.
beyond the river, the land appears flat and empty, formless and vague, until far away, it rises again like a dark and dreary wall.
professor henry jones is absorbed at his desk.
tuvia siting broodily starring into the space
a large ship emerges from under the water and approaches too.
they both look at her.
drover looks into a building and sees a row of boys' shoes.
turning, indy sees that elsa has committed the speedboat to a course between the two freighters, now being pushed even closer together by a tugboat.
thurmond looks around.
it takes the creature a moment to realize that the clicking sound is coming from bob's silver zippo.
she goes to speak, thinks better of it, turns her back, and walks off.
grinning, carl runs up next to allison.
we see a car parked in front of a small, closed-down gas station/diner by the side of the highway.
sir george is staring out of the window, vexed, bristling but defensive.
he captures sight of something over her shoulder.
he reaches up from the lower ledge, and tries to haul himself back onto the boarding platform.
in the garden he pulls up a dead tree,
a drunken, exhausted eddie nods, looks up at bert, grins maliciously, and takes a drink.
diana watches him with a smile.
merrill then peers casually over his shoulder and notices his downcast brother.
elijah gazes out the window in a bit of a daze.
peter, in blue shirt and tie and spectacles still on, lowers his eyes then looks at his aunt who sips her tea.
flint tumbles down a concrete wall and lands heavily on a pile of sand in the bottom of the pit.
the tallest boy pushes his trolley towards a solid brick wall and disappears.
her father is outside the door with a cup of tea.
she lurches forward.
her lips are pale and thin, and the bone structure of her face, although delicate, is much in evidence.
jackson drives the limo into a ramp and drives in the collapsing buildings ground flour
sandra squeezes cream into howard's cupped hand.
a tired farm woman stands by door, within.
he kisses her and leaves.
diana approaches the gate.
draco strides along the upstairs corridor where the bird cage is now empty.
louise fumbles in her purse for her wallet, opens it and shows her license.
carney glares down at him from the veranda of his house.
seated at the table with mother and father is a uniformed young man, yitzchak heller, unusual appearance, a man with red hair and a hitler moustache.
by his side is salieri's cook, bearing a large dish of sugared cakes and biscuits.
she opens a vial of cocaine.
now, she jiggles both breasts.
the cobbles are strewn with the corpses of soldiers.
melvin sits alone, nursing a drink.
she snaps a book closed and throws it across the room in frustration.
standing on a table, she throws a bottle.
he smiles and walks away.
he mashes out his cigarette in the ashtray.
she stands on a raised plinth before the cloudy sky.
she takes five dollars out, gives it to him.
harry lies on his bed with the marauder's map.
policemen help the agents manage pushy photographers.
felix walks in to join bond who is at the bar.
several bolts tear free.
the camera starts floating forward very close to the ground, moving slowly toward the arizona house.
he stares down at the ground, lost in thought.
in a diner, shirt sleeves rolled up, he's ordered oysters.
he rockets out of the water onto the landing stage, gasping for air.
the others turn, find snape standing in the doorway, smiling smugly.
the wind blows fallen leaves across the ground.
rebecca, wearing pink, bends the article, turns to her pink laptop, and types something in google.
she smiles, and he looks around awkwardly.
the mercedes pulls onto robin hood trail.
george comes in with an assumed cheerful manner.
eddie sinks shots right and left -- some tricky, some not.
the nurse's fingernails cut grooves in the floor.
lilka stands with her face raised towards the sun, luxuriating in its warmth.
carrying his new stuff, thao gets off a bus and jogs down a back alley heading home.
they both begin to motion us toward them.
cole finally steps out into the hallway.
he leaps to his feet.
bomb ships burn in the bay.
an old grey owl flaps wearily towards the house and hits the window.
holmes removes his enormous false beard.
evelle holds a shotgun; gale holds a shotgun in one hand and nathan jr.in his car seat in the other.
he holsters his gun and purvis joins his side.
of a strobe going off as a flash picture is taken: we are looking over nathan jr.'s shoulder as he stands at his open front door, facing a battery of press people who stand out on the porch.
they tussle, and martin shoves cary back onto some spikes on the wall, impaling him.
he ducks as hot metal whizzes by.
ricky just keeps videotaping.
nick draws the spoon away a couple of times and watches her full lips open and close.
andy closes her eyes as rugged, fair-haired christian kisses her cheek before leaving.
sarah stops at a barrier and gets out of the car.
inigo does.
a bird flies towards the whomping willow.
as harry writes on the paper, the words appear cut into the skin on the back of his hand.
below, one lifeboat is lowered onto another lifeboat sitting in the water but unable to detach.
jules' eyes go to vincent, vincent smirks, jules rolls his eyes and shoot brett in the shoulder.
shimon, malbin, lazar and the others look accusingly at zus.
gripping rose's hand, jack leaps through the crowd.
he comes down to water.
she now twirls over toward a table at the other side of the room on which is an open package of bread slices, some butter nearby.
in daylight, a steer lies dead next to a watering hole.
they made their way to the crowd.
sadie turns to charlotte, puts her arm around her.
some of the women are washing in the creek.
harry nods, then looks toward the hut.
jeep nods, tries to hide the fact that he's dying inside.
they hug each other fondly.
a man opens his jacket, revealing a knife.
explosions erupt around holmes, watson, and the others.
he sits at the wheel, deep in solemn thought as the wipers sweep back and forth.
they look at each other puzzled, then halina opens a door and looks in.
the driver puts down a rug and daisy steps out of the car onto it.
he looks at them, dazed, across the car.
the two choppers fly over the desert.
consulting his appointments, she heaves a sigh and leaves.
only the voice of sausage is heard, signaling the end of a game.
people slide down the slanted deck.
sandra awakens with a start.
he flashes an amused smile and sits back.
the queen stares at it, as if transfixed.
hundreds of passengers wave to the people on the dock below as tugboats pulled the titanic away from the shore.
a snatcher, greyback, tosses away harry's wand.
his eyes travel to the window.
walt stands by, puffing his pipe.
they look a million miles away from the black-suited, bad-asses we first met.
merry's eyes meet frodo's.
mj gazes hopefully at the phone.
she reverses while flipping him off.
he opens his mouth and speaks.
she moves forward purposefully.
he goes behind the counter where bob is laying amongst the wreckage.
the cubes, cars and other bits and pieces begin to fuse together, forming a gigantic structure on top of the tower.
above him, tony, the counter guy, is stuck to one high corner of the ceiling by an enormous wad of viscous, dripping fluid.
the zeppelin's elaborate metal framework is exposed.
two convicts sitting next to each other, gale and evelle, appear to be friends.
during this adam has moved out from behind the columns, creeping cautiously across the open space between the two colonnades and finally, behind the second.
spotlights concentrate on them.
the carriage door opens.
tamara gets lily and caesar free, trapping herself in a flooding corridor.
the worried teachers leave.
she pauses and brushes rain from her head.
gail tries to get mickey's attention as they walk.
harry claps hermione on the back.
there is something there.
the snitch flies to harry from a fallen snatcher.
now elsa reaches for indy and kisses him.
kyle and jeep grab her, forcing her to the ground.
the colonel moves closer towards him.
the queen opens the door to old land rover and gets the dogs inside.
jamal looks back for his mother but salim urges him onward.
the oak doors swing open and she leads the way into the magnificent great hall of hogwarts school.
he slowly walks around the dancers passing mrs. bennet deep in conversation.
don puts down the two bottles, picks up the glass, empties the pitiable three drops into the parched desert of his throat.
malcolm turns back to cole, he finds the child with tears in his eyes.
rebecca, whose dress looks like a waitress uniform, is shoved into the ballroom with a tray of food.
carlos simply stares at him, awestruck, and hands over a box of cigarettes.
the next day, kevin strolls down the grassy slope carrying two coffees.
he's lying on the sofa.
he staggers to the marble sink and leans on it.
simon looking at melvin with some sympathy.
gabriel spins and slashes michael across the chest.
mickey pulls a crucifix out of the bag; he looks at it, then puts it on the table near a pile of books and some objets d'art.
fergus gains on him--stretches his arm out--but jody sprints ahead again--as if he has been playing with him.
neff hangs up the dictaphone horn.
mcgonagall goes to him.
and she heads out quickly.
he smooths his tie and carefully takes two crystal glasses from his case as peter looks on.
he opens his mouth in distress.
a thread flashes out from his wrist.
something falls from the rack and crashes to the floor.
we shoot over two sitting rabbits as they watch, their ears up.
he finds ron, hermione, cho chan and a blonde girl from beauxbatons tied in place by their ankles.
harry goes to take it.
there is a bead of milk dribbling down his chin.
it's loaded rack down.
jane comes in and shuts the door behind her.
he buries himself in his drink.
it glows and slowly vanishes.
eddie grabs the leather case out of charlie's hands.
the boys run.
she sinks into a chair, stunned.
they're greeted by small children and adults alike.
the white is now stained with blue and red from the costume.
his narrow face is permanently grim as he turns from the cameras and walks around the car to join taylor and the president.
homer sits next to the young teller.
the players swap disgruntled looks.
each time startling herself with her own noise and trying to reign it in.
constanze lies in bed.
jenny rolls her tear filled eyes.
the gathering of mourners is standing room only.
the four-year-old stares at the finger puppet, then quietly takes it in her small hands.
mr. weasley leads his group through a wood.
in long shot, through the open door of an extravagant marble bathroom, we see willie sitting on the toilet, leafing through a magazine, beer bottle on the counter next to him.
harry reads from the page again.
he looks sadly at tommy then turns his attention back to the fight.
pete looks stunned.
we cut from the pennant to see the aircraft stopping before a reception area, a carpet rolled out toward its door.
the queen is seated for the portrait with her body half in profile.
chili shakes his head as harry sits down in one of the chairs, fumbles for his cigarettes.
then in a wild paroxysm the butcher knife blurs continuously in and out of frame, slashing the sister mercilessly.
pete enters in the foreground and throws a dirt clod at the boy.
david's grin slowly fades.
carl grabs him by his jacket and throws him inside.
the floodlights of the now derelict pirate boat touches their departing stand , as the boat motors into the inky blackness.
nick sits with his head resting on his hands.
hannah takes the glass,
klaatu focuses his vision down the electrode cables, wiring to a security camera overlooking an agent standing guard.
he removes the jump start cables from the van, returns to gin and clips them onto his ears.
she takes the twizzler he offers and looks back to the road.
fergus looking down a ladder-staircase at jude.
the glow of the dawn sky and the lights of three approaching helicopters.
he is shrugging and displaying a pair of manifestly empty hands.
there on the desk stands the typewriter.
the others look on in horror as the alien picks joe up.
later, they haul their luggage into school and leave it on the landing.
when the grail knight sees indy he gets wearily to his feet and, surprisingly, prepares to give combat.
she gets up, clapping the snow off her hands, and climbs out of the ditch.
kids play football in the patch of ground in front of the safe house.
one guy draws a switchblade.
footsteps approach the sunroom.
mary is looking out the window, watching george walk back and forth.
a figure hurtles dying towards the ground.
in the room with him are a number of girls, thugs, and javed.
daytime, jack and rose walk along in upper deck.
rick and louis slowly walk away from the hangar toward the runway.
in church, father janovich walks up the aisle reading a bible.
through the phone we hear sudden scuffling, a chair squeal against the floor and then the phone disconnects.
lights from the reservoir still higher above can be seen.
the soprano's singing is once again faint.
caroline looks across at merrill, who sits at the other end of the long dining room table.
at first his steps sound hard and distinct on the sidewalk and echo in the deserted street.
the empty bottle drops to the ground at the feet of a startled wallaby who sniffs at it.
the men in black, stunned, confer amongst themselves in german.
her footsteps echo against the tile and concrete walls.
the guard escorts him along a corridor.
malcolm hurriedly enters a spacious, dimly-lit italian restaurant.
filch climbs a high, tottering ladder.
harry becomes visible.
it grows louder, then begins to recede as the bike shoots by the station.
perched on dumbledore's chair.
near them, jack helps rose down the ladder.
laurie comes back downstairs.
rick just stares ahead as orchestra music slowly joins sam's playing.
charlotte plays piano in her room alone.
as everyone surrounds marius in amazement he spots eponine lying propped against the barricade.
he sees a warning sign on it.
later, he, watson, and sim are up on the building, beneath the statue.
blindly and disconcerted, he follows allison and drew and quince.
she waves her away and takes another forkful.
a nervous charles looks up at steven.
he props himself up and looks at her.
we shoot over her.
cal stands up.
bo's cartoon is replaced by a special report news icon.
hermione stands in the doorway smiling.
they trudge away from the diner.
he angrily tugs at his seat belt to fasten it, then screams.
five-year-old jamal and salim stand on high ground looking down on their slum burning amidst the riots.
ashton's double is shot.
gandalf steering shadowfax up the steep streets of minas.
don emerges, starts dragging himself up the street towards home.
cedric lays dead on the ground.
willie and marcus walk to their cars.
whip, his eyes still covered by a bandage, looks around.
once on the top, he hauls cosette up by the rope.
he gives harry a tiny, golden ball.
skip walks out of the meeting room.
camera shooting down from george's angle to the water, dotted with floating ice, passing under the bridge.
she squeezes in every last bit of rebellious fabric and pushes backwards against the doors, forcing them closed.
a pair of men slides into the widening chasm.
denethor smiles at gandalf, as if amused by something.
both front doors are open.
karen and chili look at each other as harry finishes his drink.
begins to pull.
the beast isn't worried.
miss fuller reads to daisy from an illustrated storybook.
harry sees a picture in stan's newspaper.
the cop peels off to the right.
vincent and mia walk onto the dance floor, toward ed sullivan.
harry stands solemnly in front of dumbledore, and nods.
then eddie takes the bag of scotch and places it underneath her arm.
jack smiles as he darkens a shadow under rose's breasts.
as peter turns his way and that, venom grabs him from above and hurls him into a girder.
inside, there are dozens of precious, glittering diamonds, which he promptly tosses aside as worthless.
ponytail man leans over.
he shakes his head in disgust.
jane is at a loss.
school boy starts by picking off the guard below and the guards in two adjacent watch towers.
a truck rumbles down a desert highway towards the smoking chimneys of an industrial complex.
the figure gets closer and closer.
he turns the lock.
the cab drives along the tree-lined lane.
concerned, ryan frowns.
he scratches his eye.
they open their books.
getting out of bed, he goes across to the window and stares through the bars at the dark night sky.
ben nods faintly and watches her intently.
as she picks up the baby.
in another corridor, andrews stops a steward and turns to a brunette woman, a blond maid.
jacob does push-ups on a handstand.
fats confronts eddie.
he stares at the brunette in the red dress, who laughs and beams.
a shock flings him.
he caresses his daughter.
inside, lizzie is lying back on the sofa, reading a letter.
wooden wheels turn -- the mechanism controlling the spinning blades.
alice picks it up and opens it as the boys crowd round.
and she is gone.
one of the alsatians watches morgan from the veranda.
butch peers around a wall, taking in the vital information.
as he drinks, his eyes move slightly over.
she picks it up.
dudley blinks, waddles forward, and extends his plump palm obediently.
merrill walks over to graham.
the static noise from the tape fills the basement.
ricky holds the camera, standing naked.
david slowly swings his legs over the side of a hospital trolley and sits up.
the doctor goes to ben.
elliot leans down to lee; they begin to kiss passionately.
saruman watches gandalf fly away from isengard.on the back of a giant eagle.
shapes form in the surrounding magical energy.
they're well-rehearsed, but too young to carry off the ambitious vegas routine they're attempting.
carl climbs out, cans of energy drinks tumbling out when he opens the door.
harry runs to dudley who is semi-conscious and gasping for breath.
a fighter streaks past them and banks for another pass.
he moves toward hermione.
indy appears at the entrance, the chain still wrapped about his neck and held by vogel.
miranda rolls her eyes.
then the hands stop.
a bearded man with long gray hair, non-plussed.
the next day, the open-topped carriage is making its way through the green countryside, towards pemberley.
kyle looks awkward.
they approach a small tent.
cars rush by on either side, horns blaring.
morty is wheeling in another body with the help of an assistant.
night, they make love on the deck.
he stands immobile, watching the crop with anxious expectation.
sometime later skeeter puts her notes in her briefcase.
eddie shoves through the gawking crowd.
monsieur and madame thenardier are in the ground-floor bar, slyly watching a student smuggling some rifles up the stairs disguised in a piece of cloth.
cole backs up to the doorway.
someone walks through the train viewing it, as if through a rose-tinted kaleidoscope.
he nuzzles her neck and bends her backwards by the edge of their swimming pool.
swinging as he walks, the biker's hand produces a fresh cheroot from no apparent source-either sleight-of-hand or magic.
laszlo comes in and closes the door behind himself.
the soldiers follow footprints down the beach.
their arms and long-boned fingers reach through the metal grill.
he walks pensively away from the desk then goes back.
a hand reaches up to open the wooden shutters.
she looks thoughtful.
black storm clouds release heavy rain on jackson.
the color of the fingers changesthe color of the fingers changes to the exact color and texture of the yellow cracked paint on the door.
joe shakes his head, a firm no.
more toys and a bike are taken inside.
he shoots her in the foot.
he's exhausted from the trip downstairs, but determined to maintain the family dinner ritual.
he releases her hands, goes to the window and pull down the shade, as she is reaching upward with both hands to unpin her hat.
skip comes back in.
turning up clouds of silt, on the dock, a bearded man turns a crank on a movie camera as the ship glides forward.
koscik's wife is in the garden hanging up washing.
merrill nods as he begins to search the piles of things that have fallen from the cabinets.
people run across the tarmac as rain lashes the airport.
neff comes from the bedroom, wearing the light grey suit he wore before the murder, only with out a tie.
they look at the footage.
jack reaches out his hand.
traffic is stopped in parliament square in london.
there in a restaurant he glanced at an amputee in a wheelchair.
he spots a porter.
hagrid has stabbed a fork into his hand.
then lenny suddenly moves back and begins working on the model again, his eyes a million miles away.
he checks his watch, three minutes to two.
at the center of the mall, a mother and daughter sit on a jet ski.
lying on her stomach on the panel, rose moves toward jack and leans her forehead against his face
he can't take his eyes off her.
mj's lost in memories.
it intermittently sheds its light on rick's face.
he glances at his father, who screws up his eyes.
he puts his head down on the steering wheel.
it's a club - people are mingling, a band is playing, it's loud.
he turns minus the bag.
dyle and scobie come out onto a level portion of roof.
but he holds his ground, when -- whoosh!
three planes dive down toward the jungle.
ezra turner uses a long, white stick to feel his way down a wide and long flight of stairs.
he roughly carries him towards the door.
faramir's knights fan out to form one straight line of 200 horsemen.
bernie is sitting on the couch, watching tv.
mj reaches out and gently takes hold of peter's hand.
this is father vogler, chaplain at the hospital.
david sits up in bed staring at a torn section of newspaper in his hands.
he checks the fuel gauge on a country highway.
it is dieter, the floater in lebowski's pool.
he knocks on the door with his wrist, as he would if he still had them on.
michael stares hopelessly ahead.
wilson sits looking dazed.
he puts his keys on the table and opens the envelope.
she hides, pressing back against the wall tensely.
the woman he was flirting with earlier stares at them incredulously as they leave.
nat fills it.
all the clerks in gringotts bank are creepy little men with long noses and sharp pointed ears and teeth.
at norm's, norm is having a sparta-themed party.
he looks at her eyes.
harry is with crouch.
he tries to sweep it off.
a car honks when traffic clogs up behind him.
bilbo blows a perfect smoke ring and watches it rise into the air.
darcy is beginning to look a little agitated as he circles another dancer.
the hero is shot on stage as men chase bond.
his eyes close as he expires.
barnes rushes into oncoming traffic.
we intercut with the crowd, listening raptly.
indy takes a step and immediately a stone breaks away and indy falls up to his hip -- his leg stuck through the hold where the stone once was.
bilbo falters.his eyes filling with tears.
holding the small white dog on her lap, rose and the young woman ride inside a helicopter as it flies out to the research ship.
then he pushes them open and gestures gandhi in.
robin rushes up some stair with a dark-haired woman close behind.
jude begins to walk away.
karl sits down with a boom, dejected.
the janitor sets down his supplies and heads over.
a taxi is parked in a dark alley next to an auditorium.
two of the ladies giggle.
she moves behind his chair, pausing to look toward thorwald's apartment again.
alex grabs ryan.
michal makes for the door.
the goblin lunges at spider-man with a multi-bladed spear.
the bullet ricochets around the tank, past the tank driver who is manipulating levers at the control panel.
he enters a modern office and passes a company logo.
once again, he simply nods and turns to watch her go.
lisa starts to rise from the divan, the camera panning up.
benjamin is doe-eyed.
she tries again, but this time with a different approach.
he comes to and rises to his feet.
harry ducks and viktor gets zapped by cedric.
he and hermione run to ron, and kneel beside him.
he watches them depart, then turns, peers down over the cliffs.
the headlights play over walter standing waiting in front of the storefront of sobchak security.
he comes to the door, holding it open.
lamps hang down from the ceiling.
marcus glances at willie and rubs his chin thoughtfully.
in response to that, charlie does the only thing someone can do when told such a thing.
it is grotesque.
he holds it horizontally in both hands.
it flares into light, swivels and finds the man.
the hooks catch and lock.
in seconds their rock is an island in a sea of molten.
she heads towards her bedroom.
harry pushes his way through the crowd of students, but dumbledore has gone.
henry sits on a chair which tips back, hitting the wall behind it.
he rips the light offs and punches the roof with his fists.
gandhi looks around the crude dwelling, almost nothing remains.
she responds, sighing and closing her eyes.
she glances at harry, raising her eyebrows, and walks off.
pearl is gaping at john's lie.
ryan stands by as alex opens her hotel room door.
she gets up from the table and leaves the room.
overmyer finds his mother's locket on him and takes it.
he dabs at the urine, saturating the towels.
randal tumbles into the cakes as entenman's products scatter beneath and around him.
bond draws a machine-gun.
followed by harry, ron peers around a statue in the corridor, makes sure the coast is clear, and lifts his crooked wand.
caroline puts down the diary and leaves daisy's bedside.
his secretary runs over.
george stands irresolute a moment, aware of crisis in the affairs of the bailey building and loan association, but aware more keenly of his personal crisis.
gittes spots it.
he too stares at chili.
one of the pincers detects something.
willie goes over to her.
they pass a cave mouth on a craggy mountainside.
sadie follows.
he grabs her as she walks past and they kiss.
after a beat of total silence, mozart runs into the room, stops, and looks around.
drinking whiskey at the foot of his bed and half watching a monster movie on tv, he flicks through the channels.
he puts them in his lap and returns to the window, putting the chair sideways.
he watches the rain splashing in the water in front of him as he gradually begins to sink.
he films some more.
he looks up at his father's portrait, and makes a silly, rude gesture at it.
vincent instantly moves the gun to his own head.
the bar patrons watch her lie motionless.
he closes the cabinet again.
getting up, he heads into the kitchen, stopping just short of the table.
edwards is shocked.
as we watch, the swamp begins to overtake the house, swallowing it in a tangle of vines and mossy branches.
vincent turns to the sink.
they regard each other, a long pause, they have reached an understanding.
soldiers lift bodies in body bags from the chopper and load them onto the troop carrier.
his giant pincers rip free of the rotting skin.
and now she hugs hilly.
he holds sarah's hands, then breaks away.
hi's free arm comes down into frame to scoop the baby up and out of frame just as: florence's head appears, bobbing up as she climbs the stairs.
behind them, an el train glides across a bridge, its interior lights glowing in the darkness.
aragorn crashing head on into a line of orcs.
he turns his head.
on the street, soo-mi and lucy are standing in the crowd, looking up anxiously.
the figure in the grass sits up.looking straight at camera is a handsome young hobbit, with dark curly hair and deep blue eyes.
then he offers his own thumbs up - as to say 'good luck'.
after a while she pulls away, turning her head slightly to one side.
finally, eddie realizes he must respond.
he fires a thread out of the back of the van.
then he sees jacob stamping over a chair to take the seat next to her.
the bank robbers leave their hostages and stride out of the trees.
he's about to leave, when he notices the old drill bit.
marcus arrives at the vent above the surveillance room.
mozart does it with a furious grace, then leaves the room.
it is raining heavily.
watching.
on the newlyweds smiling at each other, profile to the camera.
ilsa quickly walks toward the entrance.
a clean-cut man wearing suspenders swiftly moves after him, toting a rifle.
he turns and snatches up his cue.
harry nods, thinks a moment, then.
octavius reaches out his own arms.
a round strikes nearby as bond leaps.
holmes sits up and sees the corsac bounding along the second floor balcony above sim, who runs along the first.
the dragon belches out another burst of flame.
then ducks inside and guns down cavic, mccullough and heinkin.
later, shimon officiates their wedding.
he tears up the shower curtain, bringing it and the rail down on himself.
the queen gives the corgis food.
a million stars explode against a field of black.
kevin, the waiter, pours harry the double.
she is reading a book held in one hand, while eating a sandwich in another.
fats peers at the pack of balls huddled together, then points to one that lies in the middle of the pack.
close on lester, smiling.
he is now sitting bolt upright, hushed and inspired.
david watches her disappear into the shadows.
that's when kyle michael something out in the direction of the road.
darcy comes over to her, leaving the gardiners to their admiration of the countryside.
he offers her his arm, then leads them both through to the next room.
frodo looks at sam, the ring has finally taken him.
he swerves to avoid crashing rock then straightens the vehicle.
she grins, then slaps his ass.
zoe's eyes dart around as she thinks.
a tie pushed up.
the others try to keep hold of him.
she puts them down as lee and elliot stand awkwardly near the door, waiting for her to leave.
he rolls in the sand.
she holds the glass out to morgan.
one of them embeds its wing in his shoulder.
emily watches him, then walks through to french windows in the living room, then goes out into the lush garden.
ron appears in his pajamas.
he shakes his head as rick leaves.
willie closes his eyes.
gandalf leads aragorn, legolas, theoden and gimli through dark woodland.
he hits holmes' shoulder.
studying her reflection in a mirror, she dons mascara.
the old man leans forward.
willie raises his head a little and looks at the kid.
we see inside a hangar, where dozens of scientists examine large, bus-sized pieces of jagged and unearthly material.
smeagol rips the glittering ring from deagol's limp hand.
szpilman suddenly winces with pain.
edward finally succeeds in throwing the beast off.
ben closes his clamshell mobile phone.
we see one peasant face (shukla) -- which we will come to know -- watching from the crowd of outsiders who stand in the doorways.
she looks down and sees a bit of throw-up he picked up while feeling her and then notices him looking at her with extreme distaste.
seamus hands harry the golden egg.
before doyle can comment, jeff asks impatiently.
stunned gasps from his young audience greet his astonishing feat!
dillinger takes in the chalkboard covered walls and the rows of men at desks chattering on telephones.
he scoops up more liquid, returns to dumbledore, and helps him drink.
her eyes begin to fill with tears and glisten.
a burst of light reveals a woman dressed in a white classical robe with a blue still draped over her arm standing on top of a shallow pyramid of steps holding a blazing torch high in her right hand.
a body drops down into the blackness in slow motion--a topless woman, squealing, her legs kicking.
fletcher and his men stop and look down at the herd, which is now heading across open ground.
raven-haired veronica produces a cell phone and plays him a video of a bound and gagged man in his 20s.
glass spheres smash down onto their pursuers.
holden's face is really sour looking.
one of them has a very fancy four-tiered pink cake.
he looks up to the saleswoman who brought him in.
she hustles him out the door.
then, back on the game show, jamal looks lost in thought.
their parched lips.
sam is confronted with the sight of over 50 slaughtered orc and uruk-hai, strewn over the courtyard!
lizzie is also making her way down to the lake, lost in thought.
there is, miraculously, no sign of reggie.
marius stares at the ring then takes it off his finger.
this is frodo baggins.his eyes alight with excitement!
they arrive at the department of parks and recreation youth sports ground.
places his hands on its surface and starts to climb.
indy turns and sees the pile of torn papers and envelopes.
manon lescaut is being performed.
ben opens it and studies the first cutting intently.
they writhe in orgiastic abandonment.
his body goes stiff.
jane puts down her book and is just going to pour the tea when mr. bennet comes in.
she glances aside.
he tears through the street, stumbling as he pushes past revelers, one of whom swigs from a bottle of booze.
above minas morgul the sky is bright with light as the city, erupts.
stella has abandoned the shovel and left the flowers and dirt strewn over the walk.
the smiling waitress walks away.
he looks down to the scrap of paper in his hands.
parrish, in a state of shock, doesn't answer for a moment.
the torch light dances over the leaves as he runs.
she moves for the kitchen.
buttercup, frantically staring around, and now.
david and jenny run through the london rain, up stone steps to the concert venue.
his vanity is too great not to be touched by that prospect.
edward looks over at norther, the reality sinking in.
slowly, the shelves move to reveal a secret compartment.
in background walt looks sheepish.
a pale, dawn light is spreading across the sky above them.
pippin stares up at the old wizard's face, softened, quiet and full of peace.
william and stuart get to their feet.
she switches off the studio lights as parents usher their children out of the building, then finishes putting her coat on as she starts across the darkened foyer.
up in his mansion harry turns off the tv and paces past a roaring fire with a hand clasped to his forehead.
it reads 7.06.
fat ass turns to him.
tommy tammisimo leads the class in a wave of snickering.
suddenly she reaches over and locks her door.
tommy, hiding at the top of the stairs, slowly creeps down to get a better view.
evan comes to with heidi slapping him awake.
the grail knight raises his arm to henry.
a bright white light is held aloft by a statuesque woman wearing a long, white robe with a blue sash draped around her.
jack drives up in the jeep -- comes to a stop in shocked close up -- we see in the distance the mass of vehicles driving from town -- jack's mind races.
hi faces the same three parole officers across the same table.
rick looks at ugarte steadily.
howard flees, and then zooms the camera back on enrique.
lester finishes his last rep, then racks the weights and sits up, sweaty and out of breath.
margaret watches him, her brow creased and her eyes soft with sympathy.
suddenly he pounds the table and buries his head in his arms.
the soldier stops about 100 yards from the truck.
willie scratches a lottery ticket.
in the passenger seat, ricky is using a calculator and jotting numbers down in a notebook.
charlie catches up to him.
she turns back to find marius gazing down the street.
she somehow senses his presence; without bothering to look around she murmurs.
he adjusts himself -- painfully -- then looks into the cracked-glass rear view.
he puts down the barracks bag, tosses his hat into a chair and, with the attitude of a man who belongs there, goes to the icebox to see what's to eat.
the weasley twins, george and fred.
he reaches in for the id.
pyarelal is working on papers with him but grins at this.
jody runs, whipping through the trees--always ahead of him.
she hangs up and turns to jean-louis.
there are a couple of other pictures of yelburton with yellowtail and other fish he's standing beside.
he starts walking away.
the two men stand very still in the tunnel.
the sun pours through the windows he passes.
then, with head lowered, walks down the path, and strides off along the street.
cal's manservant, lovejoy, descends halfway down the staircase and peers around the room.
in the chamber of secrets, ron approaches the skeleton of the basilisk.
she holds it out and he takes one.
she turns to the band and says something which they nod.
she stares into the doll's face.
lisa leans forward and looks out the window to see what jeff is referring to.
they carefully tread along a low-tiled roof.
he looks at harry thoughtfully.
rosenberg walks carefully over to the table, but does not sit down.
he reflects on uncle ben lying on the ground then backs away.
however, it attracts don's attention enough to make him push the glass to one side.
he tosses a magazine to holmes and nods for him to load it.
marley's lying next to connor.
nick puts a hand to the back of kate's neck and kisses her passionately.
they pass some lighted clothing store windows; a few cars go by in the dark street.
he goes to it, and, starting up, finds a door.
he puts his hands in front of him to protect his face and eyes.
bo catlett looks into the outer office as a car pulls into the garage.
a look passes between them before mr. wickham lifts his hat to him.
he paces anxiously and leans on a kitchen surface.
her brow furrows.
webs appear from nowhere.
harry looks impassively at peter, then shakes his head.
he grabs the bill out of her purse and walks off.
the woman grudgingly signs a pink form and hands it to juno.
and the fourth man wears a leather waist jacket and brown felt fedora hat.
elijah's mother says the next words in almost a whisper.
he nods to himself.
he coolly sips his tea.
arm outstretched, dumbledore approaches the goblet of fire.
loomis stands by his car glancing up and down the empty street.
she looks mortified.
forrest steps over to bubba's tombstone.
the pleasantness on jeff's face slowly melts into baffled discouragement.
ron grabs the stone and hits him over the head with it.
preacher looks at john; john sinks onto the edge of a chair.
they spot neville's toad.
turns back down to the faces at the bottom.
san francisco goes dark.
phyllis and neff are now very close.
andy carries the dishes into a side room, and throws them into the sink.
he and rick grab the journals at the same time.
rose stands and leaves the table.
zus hold his brother to his feet and leans him up against a tree.
kate furrows her brow.
two very corporate men in suits, stick out among the bidders.
phyllis puts her arms around him in complete surrender.
the doctor finally glances up.
she looks at them unhappily.
as they kiss, edward tweaks her chin a special little way.
in the kitchen, a bored zoe sits on a worktop, swinging her legs.
they are stoned.
i was feeling really shitty earlier in the day, i'd lost a little money, i was down in the dumps.
a group of defending players fall over each other in the end zone.
he gazes at the tiny image.
a short figure steps out of the shadows.
sam wheels the gurney while veronica tends the drip.
he stares down.
he is bleary-eyed, unshaven, chewing an old unlit cigar.
on stage, a band who wears seahorses on their heads.
they blot out the sun.
an eavesdropping tough girl wearing an oversized jacket and lots of makeup gapes at juno from the beauty aisle.
tony flicks the fly swatter again, sending another bug to meet its maker.
the attendant doesn't say anything.
lance hands vincent the needle.
preacher sits at head of table.
the snow has melted, and green grass has reappeared.
a huge artillery piece is turned on them.
his long dark slowing rain poncho still dripping water.
a huge roar - and now the ranks resume their chanting.
and they all watch helplessly, as the weasley house is engulfed in flames.
signor ferrari turns around.
valjean, javert and javert's assistant all hurry to help, but they can't get a proper purchase in the spongy ground.
leaving elise behind him, he shoves another.
sam pulls the ring from his pocket.
david moves closer to joseph on the bench.
michael readies his assault rifle.
he spins her again.
her black hair pinned up in an elegant bun, suze composes herself and looks towards the altar, at tarquin's smiling face.
her eyes meet mr. wickham's and they smile at each other warmly.
they look so nice.
a small, white flowered plant!
jenny grabs forrest hand and leads him toward the dorm.
men, women and children are making little paper packets of salt from piles heaped along long tables.
as john and pearl (with doll) come shyly up.
then, shuts her eyes for a moment.
ahead of them, katie bell lies on her back in the snow.
with a phone to his ear sidney pulls over a sheet of printed photographic negatives.
mavis the maid exits, carrying some trays, as the group starts to cheer and applaud.
pete and delmar emerge nearby, gasping for air.
she opens the door wider.
a speed camera snaps a picture of nick as he hurtles through a red light.
she is lost in his embrace.
glen is leaning out the driver's window of the car talking to the state trooper who stands facing him.
from time to time he drifts over to a piece of manuscript paper and jots down notes.
the small pincer plucks a tiny sphere from inside it.
eyes wild -- a metallic cli-chunk as he unsafeties the.
veronica enters and surveys the mess.
alone in the sitting room, cal walks toward rose.
cal puts his arm around robbie.
he sees a guy hooking his car up to a tow truck.
lester, dressed for work, goes through jane's address book.
harry looks at the gleaming trophy and back at cedric.
she gets a grip too.
later, in the first class lounge, ruth, rose, the countess, and another woman drink tea.
it seems to come from the stone wall.
she looks at the troll nervously.
one of the gypsies is killed by the rough-looking twins.
she moves on.
up on a balcony, fletcher grabs a black waitress' hand.
he goes back to the cricket, swearing under his breath.
he eats.
javert sees the destitution of the people.
kate picks up another bottle and begins to decorate a plate.
behind him, the gates reappear.
george slumps into an armchair and lifts tommy onto his lap.
ben enters his room.
mickey walks through the revolving doors of tower records, up a few stairs to the selling floor proper, and stops right in front of holly.
he pulls out a remington portable, 1930 model.
below us we see the two jims, jogging.
eating a huge sandwich, filch guards the blank wall.
he lowers the camera and smiles.
stoned, pete and debbie jump up and down on the bed.
they shuffle forward.
she turns back to the conference, flips a switch and starts speaking into her headset.
embarrassed, lizzie hurries back over to georgiana.
evan surveys the scene in shock.
she puts the other end in her mouth, then picks up the matches and lights it.
henryk subsides, glowering at him.
close on carolyn's eyes, reflected in the rear-view mirror.
keyes prods his stomach again.
nearby, sue lies on her back in her bra and jeans.
we see him leap into space.
he looks pale and haggard.
we're looking out through the kitchen window at the point where ricky was just standing, but he's no longer there.
it reverses, changes direction, and drives away past hagrid's cottage disappearing into the trees at the edge of the dark forest.
more rose petals fall onto the bed, and he smiles up at.
he rushes to the front door.
westley is helpless.
leaving the huggies, hi takes off through a well-manicured yard.
the man in black, looking up at inigo.
in the great hall, now decorated with tall christmas trees, the ceiling reflects the weather outside.
the nurse dabs her semiconscious patient's forehead with a cloth, then rises and walks out of the room.
the faint national anthem ends: we hear the weeeeeeee of a test pattern.
one is pointing something at the other.
frodo's trembling hand extends forward as if by the pull of the ring.he slides to the ground, unable to pull his hand away.
he stands over her, pulling a wad of bills from his pocket.
alicia, sipping champagne on a sofa in the lobby, uncrosses her endless legs.
she races up to the altar and proffers john the note.
arwen's horse gallops over the bridge and through the gates into rivendell.
we're directly outside the garage door as it slowly lifts to reveal lester smiling at us.
willie watches out of the corner of his eye as the kid finds a cheap sweet inside.
the box comes to a halt.
as it stretches for the railing; it is several inches short of touching it.
she begins to laugh.
with all his will power, bilbo allows the ring to slowly slide off his palm and drop to the floor.
gittes looks at her, then takes the handkerchief out of his breast pocket.
sparks shoot nearby.
szpilman walks along.
a tangle of sinister black, sticky, tendrils crawl across everything in their path.
bond emerges near the side of the stage, removes his earpiece and walks out just yards away from where white is sitting.
don passes the ladies.
malfoy mumps his broom.
he stops and looks at patel.
the queen strolls through some woods, carrying a lunch box and accompanied by some corgis.
sarah rises, joins him, and strokes his head.
she mends for a few moments.
he's wearing a dark gray suit.
he sniffs his breath, then pops a mint in his mouth.
later still, she turns away from a door clad in black.
david watches the set, still munching on a clam, while holly and april reassure him offscreen.
jeep puts his foot down.
the bludger flies over his head and smashes through a wooden support.
he is raising a large, long-armed, short-nosed pincering tool.
instantly, the tile is sprayed with blood, the same deep crimson as the roses.
at the linen stall, ilsa examines a tablecloth which an arab vendor is endeavoring to sell.
jeff lowers the camera with a long- focus lens.
she puts them down and is surprised to see miranda sitting on the couch with her glasses in her hand, just staring into space.
mr. white lifts his .45 and places the barrel between mr. orange's eyes.
it is a bungalow courtyard with a very narrow walkway and sickly green stucco.
he clutches at his throat.
he crosses over to the sink where he spots a note.
they exit the woods to find.
before he can answer, will spots edward rolling the chair himself, pumping both arms.
thomas uses a crutch.
he steps inside, stops and stares.
he runs water over the cupcake.
parrish and the young man appear at the table, an awkward pause ensues, the unannounced guest's presence at a family dinner being noted, and the guest himself carefully surveyed.
tommy slowly gets up, locks eyes with evan.
bond slams him through the glass into the bedroom.
standing very still, with the blinds casting shadows across her face, she starts to cry: brief, staccato sobs that seemingly escape against her will.
tom pushes the door shut and the phone book falls to the floor.
billie takes off the hat, kisses his cheek, and holds him.
after seeing the newspapers, tony moves to leave.
we see the paper-dolls blow past him.
jack sits beside rose as she flips through his drawings.
instead of pacifying him, it makes him more amorous, and he puts an arm around her shoulder an plants a heavy kiss on her cheek.
she lifts her head and looks up at him.
juno exits the head office and bumps into bleeker.
a steep hill overlooks part of the harbor.
the snake hurls itself at harry.
barty reveals the dark mark.
laszlo takes the chair opposite and surveys the room.
skeeter receives a letter from elain stein offering her a job as a junior editor at harper &amp; row publishers.
he gets out of the taxi opposite the faded sign and entrance to the hotel dessalines.
outside, a mechanical man makes the rabbit on his head disappear under a big top hat.
edwards stands in a cramped white booth.
elsa joins indy, waiting in the ransacked room.
locking the door behind him, he hurriedly checks the handle, then, walks off past the open living room door.
replaced by repulsion and that quickly she has reversed herself and re-entered her apartment.
he takes the laundry out of the box and puts in on the bed next to the suits.
suddenly the wheel moves forward, startling the old man.
upstairs in her study, professor mcgonagall sees harry hackling towards her window.
there is a light on in one of the upstairs rooms.
alice adopts a dead-eyed zombie persona and lurches slowly towards joe.
javier shoots the armed enrique, then points his gun at enrique's face.
the teenage tom riddle turns away from slughorn and walks towards the fire, hands behind his back.
he puts it with many other fragments in a kidney bowl.
and by her attitude we can see that there is no truck outside.
with a look of utter contempt, mr. darcy leaves the room.
harry makes a grab but malfoy spins out of reach.
peter were at a bank.
dillinger tilts his head, his eyes narrowing as he meets d'andrea's gaze.
harry spots cho with cedric.
hands him his shirt, which he proceeds to put on.
randal gets up, leaving dante to contemplate his strong words alone.
nick stands beneath a tree in the rain.
the foreman pulls fantine away.
the water forms a huge rolling ball with voldemort trapped inside.
but what was that sound?
carl smiles and waggles his finger.
the next morning, darcy splashes his face with water from a silver basin, then pats it dry.
king george signals to nullah to join him.
he closes the door behind him and shuffles to the kitchenette, passing by the blanket-covered, slumbering forms of holden and alyssa, who are out cold in each other's arms.
he slashes the front of her shirt with a big kitchen knife.
video image of thelma boldly ordering cashier to fill her purse with money.
a morning-show host in an apron stands behind a counter on a kitchen set.
watching, walt drops his glass.
the other is a beautiful young girl, cosette.
later, on a bed, they smother each other with kisses.
henry fires the tank gun at the troop truck.
as she starts to rise he grabs her arm, but she pulls free.
harry's snowy owl, flies into the great hall skimming over their heads.
there is a thump from the bedroom, then silence.
he peers through the window in the door to see indy completing his lecture.
then he drops a small black object onto the floor.
harry touches ginny's hand.
jay looks over his shoulder, as he begins rolling a joint.
swallowing hard, elise averts her eyes.
the nash sedan comes to a stop.
that finished, he picks up the cat, then the box, then waddles off down the street, one under each arm.
he spots the truck stop diner just up the road ahead.
as adam enters the deserted area.
on the screen, the vehicles and men are obscured by a large cloud of dust.
rose hurries to the office door.
ignoring the apple, the baby thestral flaps its wings and gobbles up the meat.
by the light of a lantern and a couple of candles, she regards her pretty face in the mirror for a moment.
david doubles back.
harry puts the gilliweed in his mouth and starts choking.
as it continues, we see alice behind the camera, watching joe, smiling.
they both stand.
the boy raises the knife to strike.
he walks out of the armory with two bags in his hands.
lucy points around the room and gives carl a big thumbs-up.
grabbing the mic from abby's hand.
zed looks into the gallery.
thorwald looks at the receiver a moment, then he slowly hangs up.
he kicks off the shoes and looks down.
her dark eyes probe his as they sway with the music.
he produces a glass from a back pocket.
fabienne brushes her teeth.
barty holds up a bag.
emily's eyes widen, as she looks at ben in awe as the fly wheels turn.
angela is sprawled across her bed, on the phone.
charlie holds out the newspaper.
he moves toward her, this time more cautiously.
he's not certain where he is for a moment.
they run through a restaurant stealing food.
they turn their horses and gallop off.
madame maxime reaches down to pick something from hagrid's beard.
his reflection walks towards the theater entrance; he continues his story.
the car moves.
in his trophy room, tom hurls a football at nick and charges at him, barging him through double doors.
leopold and constanze listen to mozart, who plays his own work brilliantly.
zus leads bella and chaya away.
ollivander gives the wand back to harry.
a man in a business suit comes out of the back room and joins him at the bar.
michael tilts his head to one side.
the camera moves down the giant cranelike device to reveal mickey, once again lying down, this time on a table, his eyes closed, underneath it.
she points weakly to a cabinet through the open door of the bathroom.
as she struggles into a parka.
fabrizio follows tommy, who grabs a life belt and puts it on.
he opens a door marked mr. richardson and finds the veteran officer at his desk.
he puts back the clippings.
they continue staring at the painting.
she slams it back.
colin stands there.
he takes her in his arms and they dance away.
we are moving quite fast now.
mickey puts his hand to his mouth as another title appears on a black screen.
they watch gandhi as he carries his bowl of potatoes to ba.
women carrying dehydrated children drag themselves from group to group.
forrest gets up and runs as lt. dan yells after him.
he puts his arms around her and presses her to him.
gandhi turns to the person; he makes the pranam.
lucius calls out.
like a school teacher, she points celia to a seat at the base of the bed and closes the door of the bedroom.
aragorn raises anduril in the broad sweep as he walks forward.
the others keep trying.
willie follows.
suddenly don pounds the bar and explodes.
ron escapes, but drops the fang.
pete thinks for a moment, not sure how to handle this.
with stiff robotic movements, harry gets out of the lift.
filch runs out again.
they approach the runway damaged end.
david walks stiffly down a hospital corridor lined with silent people standing, sitting, leaning against walls, many of them watching him and smiling.
he takes a photo.
daisy puts an arm around benjamin.
snape narrows his eyes as harry passes him.
the boy bashes on the window.
she holds a finger against one nostril and sniffs.
zus listens uneasily.
she gives a strange little laugh, then reaches out to touch him.
they look around cautiously.
rat-a-tat-a-tat- everett pulls pete down as a tommy gun spits lead into the hayloft.
a lone horseman gallops to the crest of a hill on the west road.
later that evening, he races to his aunt and uncle's house.
sleepy kate open her eyes and looks at the clock.
they grab their weapons and head to the barricade with the group.
everett and delmar follow more casually, everett chuckling.
mitch gives steve a withering look.
the policemen stare at jamal.
a stocky prisoner repeated strikes a guard with a pipe as the older inmate follows closely behind.
mike sips his liquor.
joe hits again -- so does the creature -- as nelec runs out of ammo.
the chase continues.
he grins in his youthful, beguiling manner and makes the pranam to the cheering crowd.
mike glances at him then puts his foot down.
ron tries to cut a sopophorous bean.
fabrizio grabs rose's hand and she grabs jack.
denethor turns to his servants.
jane rolls her eyes self-consciously.
houdini stands up and bo freezes.
he enters the house and calls out.
ferris spits at him and walks off.
the men pull him to the floor.
he reaches for his sword just a few feet away,
the pov bends down and picks it up.
laszlo looks at him, puzzled.
umbridge's squad includes draco malfoy, crabbe, goyle and filch.
david's back leaves a dent in the plaster wall.
wade, briefcase in hand, gets into his cadillac, slams the door and peels out.
he looks down at elijah, who still stares sullenly ahead.
the music acquires an eerie echo.
everyone stands watching as jim slips the wedding ring onto julie's finger.
indy bobs up in the water amid the debris, holding the cross in his hand.
harry steps back.
fergus kisses her, tenderly.
inside, rose and jack run up a staircase.
the woman sits up as the man enters.
eyes that are bright and intelligent.
willie runs holding the pink elephant which gets its head blowed off.
a round-faced man, wormtail, lets them into severus snape's study.
amid scattered applause, harry, ron, hermione clap.
hagrid looks serious.
they head for the car.
a taxi turns a west side street corner and stops in front of evan and norma's building, which is decorated with a long metal awning.
the husband leans over the fire-escape, and motions miss lonely hearts to place the dog in the basket, which is already lowered.
abby quickly wipes her hand across her mouth, composes herself, and smiles at colin.
she quickly turns off the light that's been left on for her, then peeks through a window.
gittes swears, picks it up.
rick stares off into space.
on the television screen is tommy tammisimo.
captain dutton looks in shock at the stretcher his men brought in.
it is a large home with a staircase that leads to the bedrooms upstairs.
giving chase, moran picks up a rifle and takes a shot at watson.
looking drained, she stares down dejectedly.
the light gradually fills the room.
at the sink, evan washes the blood off his face and looks at his reflection in the mirror.
he turns to see octavius holding spider-man above his head.
the snake turns its head, staring at harry and closes its mouth.
through one of the revolving doors comes helen, in a new spring suit.
it contains more anger than we have seen him display to anyone but ba.
dyle looks at her, then sits down and starts to remove his shoes.
she puts the envelope down and leaves the kitchen.
the shape moves.
he is almost at the bottom when a british army doctor starts to go up them.
there are notes scribbled all over its pages.
everett too watches the white-robed people following in the wake of the tenor.
it passes straight through!
joe moves the camera back to alice -- he looks through the lens -- uses the zoom -- and we see joe's pov -- the crash, zoomed in -- he pans from one car to another.
walt is at the kitchen sink.
young edward thinks this through.
an owl flies in with a letter for harry, he takes it and begins to read.
the more she laughs, the more angry he gets, and the harder she laughs.
he then pushes past them and limps up the steps.
the elf glares spitefully at harry.
cedric and cho are the first to the surface.
the room is thick with mourners.
jack gets back in the jeep.
the raiders make their way to the perimeter wall of the rail yard and throw a rope over the top of it.
draco malfoy walks past them towards a wall covered with a tapestry of a unicorn.
alison looks behind her, then she too rises from the table.
the framed family photograph's on the wall.
a smile plays on his lips.
lama rinpoche looks calmly at nema
constanze, who looks ill and tired, stares at leopold.
he kisses the photograph.
george comes in, practically insane.
gandalf looks down at frodo, a twinkle in his eye.
he enters, followed by the others.
but for all his impact, they still take the measure of him with caution.
she sees marius watching her, captivated.
kipling collapses.
he puts his hand in the snackbowl and takes a handful.
graham gently lays morgan on the sofa.
minnie walks towards her.
alex's smile drops for a moment.
and benzion in a fur hat leads them across a shallow stream.
fezzik, who goes to inigo.
miss stubs turns away.
nick and kurt walk together.
and picks walt's rifle up off the table.
purvis aims his tommy gun.
an officer blows his whistle several times.
he leans to her and she smiles.
as the metal gate closes behind them, the two men passed the guard with no more than a nod from the arriving officer.
he turns and drags one of the chairs over and sits.
sadie appears.
jane emerges from the bathroom, a towel wrapped around her torso, drying her wet hair.
the camera moves past the desperate mickey to a mirror on the wall behind him.
it shoots towards the fusion machine.
the next has a picture of someone holding up the koran.
he puts his hand to his forehead; he sighs.
the referee holds up his arm, signaling a touch down.
edgar, still clutching laurel, explodes up over a railing.
his eyes half closed, dumbledore presses his lips together.
dave eyes fergus.
color footage revealing president johnson as he places the award around forrest's neck and shakes hands.
she gets up, holding her coat.
he continues to try to cut the bread, when there's a loud hammering on the front door.
tony shakes her hand.
and footprints appear in the snow.
they hurry upstairs past the huge clock.
jerry is at his desk using a blunt pencil to enter numbers onto a form.
he looks at photographs.
the old man is engulfed in a flash of green light.
she helps him on with a black tuxedo.
david jogs out into the opposite lane, waving high for another cab that passes him up.
the watching crowd go wild as he swings away on a thread carrying mary jane in his arms and lands back on the half-built skyscraper.
heavy-browed, his deep blue eyes staring wildly, gatsby looks again across the bay of consequence to the buchanan's mansion.
a tear rolls down her cheek.
bob opens the door and together they fall out onto the ground.
as harry walks along other pupils aim insults at him saying he stinks.
we follow lance as he runs out of the living room into a.
jackson puts the car into the gear
he turns a page.
the three sisters are now standing, watching him coldly.
so she makes a loud grunt as she slams into someone that she did not see.
rambo leads sarah up the stream.
fang keeps close beside them, then goes on ahead, his nose to the ground.
his thumb gently rubs her graceful jaw line.
cedric diggory's supporters push him forward.
he rinses his face in the basin and regards his reflection in the mirror.
he opens the door a third time.
he looks outside and spots a fuel tanker nearby.
it's late, and edward is pensive.
the fire engine holds.
walt puts away a photo of his wife.
deagol pulls on his rod, but is hauled overboard and disappears underwater with a splash!
the queen continues to move along.
benjamin steps into the darkened auditorium.
he sits at the piano, now examining the lacquer.
then the old man spits into the fire.
lizzy folds up the letter and walks off.
michael is rifled-butted.
he turns down the volume.
as people come and go, ryan stands staring at the various destinations on the boards.
needles trace wave patterns on scrolling graph paper.
a figure comes crashing out of a hedgerow sending frodo flying.
a cluttered, circular room lined with glass cabinets.
taylor changes into a spanish policeman's outfit and heads down an outside staircase with the packed up rifle.
jamal is captivated by the singers on stage.
in a church young preacher green invites the choir to stand.
lizzie is walking through the countryside.
griphook sits back in his chair.
the gang leader raises his shackled hands and waves.
she turns away from him with a faint smile and walks back along the harbor.
zed sighs.
leaning over the front of the boat, a sailor pushes bodies out of their path as they row forward slowly.
renault opens the office door and peers down at the proceedings.
he drops a coin in the slot, sighs, and hangs up.
he lifts the golden snitch to his mouth, and presses it to his lips.
the boys hurtle off down the street in utter terror.
the chauffeur waits in the car and pulls his cap over his eyes.
hagrid shakes his head.
his brow creased with worry and lips slightly apart.
benjamin watches as she removes her shoes.
john puts on a coat and goes back outside.
jack's car pulls up.
noticing the change in daisy's mood, gatsby goes down to the bed where she sits.
an angry red arc appears on the back of his left hand and then another.
-- quick as lightning, lands a looping right to malfoy's jaw, putting him flat on his back.
hilly is with elizabeth and her baby son.
as parrish and the young man enter, allison is heard in the background.
he watches as the vehicle drives away.
the drugstore is old-fashioned and dignified, with jars of colored water in the windows and little else.
puffs of brake steam blast the unfazed travelers and workers on the platform.
she turns to sandy.
whip swoops up the bottle.
he stands like that for a moment, then turns toward the camera again.
gower waves george aside, takes his old wet cigar, shoves it in his mouth and sits in an old morris chair in the background.
she does a full flip and lands on her feet.
the dogs lead their handlers.
she falls into a deep sleep.
all along the titanic people dangle from ropes, spill from railings or slide down into the ocean.
as ben says this, the door to the bedroom opens and mrs. braddock looks in.
she sees a cloud of silvery dust hovering above the floor and pulls out her wand.
a fireman, his face and outfit blackened, stands by the mother, whose hands are closed as if in prayer.
buttercup and westley, and at last their trials are done.
she grabs the card.
luna with a knee-length tiered dress of pale pink silk, with chiffon ruffles round the neckline, skirt, and sleeves.
and he whips it out, hands it to fezzik.
under a cover of darkness, as the ghetto people stream out of a house tearing off their yellow stars.
a tube rises from a panel.
lee, wearing a baggy plaid shirt and jeans, has opened the door for elliot and his client, wealthy rock star dusty frye.
as he realizes boromir has gone.
he looks at her in horror.
now, pete rides his bike with a group.
opposite this image sits salieri at his desk, on which stands a pile of music paper, quill pens and ink.
in the bridal shop, rebecca, in a pink maid of honor dress, is blind-folded.
nehru stares at him and the policemen with growing incredulity.
she removes her spectacles.
coming down the side of the tub, running thick and dark along the porcelain, we see many small threads of blood.
removing his hat, the man extends a hand.
he controls his breathing, trying to push through it.
he spots her through the flames, puts his arms around her as the ceiling continues to crack by fire and falling rubble.
she kneels down beside him.
kay holds up a finger in a 'wait a minute' gesture -- pulls out his pocket phone and hits a number.
but her smile is for the people behind him.
twin beams of blinding light spear the night.
moving forward reveals, next to the oak tree, three fresh- dug graves.
lupin turns, smiles through haggard eyes.
forrest and bubba look at each other oddly, they don't get the joke.
and the judge sits down.
needle raised ready to strike.
shadowed against a wall, wilson stalks through the grounds, holding his revolver.
mrs. robinson appears again and passes the other way.
he scans the circle apprehensively, then, steps backwards towards the standing crop.
michael moves away from the other three.
it's ron's turn to protect his goal.
he takes out his phone and dials a number.
the goon, hit in the arm, pulls an uzi and returns fire.
the emperor contemplates her prone body and steps back a pace.
and again the audience cheers and applauds his little coda.
she quickly gets bored.
and maybe as handsome as she is beautiful.
the sun coming up over the low hills around the farmhouse.
donovan produces an ancient leather-bound volume with very brittle pages.
she hits jude in her gun shoulder.
buttercup, placed against a tree.
in his office, luke picks up the empty photo frame from his desk, and looks at it with a sigh.
soldiers push racks of protective clothing along a walkway.
via a walkie-talkie, the commander screams orders at an armed patrol boat on the river.
the gold band of the ring as fiery letters begin to appear.
the crowd cheers wildly.
baby face half recovers, getting to his knees, and discharges tommy rounds.
he folds the wrist back on its self.
he sees enrique's badge.
griphook runs off, leaving the grinning bogrod alone with the dragon.
he moves as if to go out, then stops rigidly as his face lights up with excitement of a sudden idea.
as leo's head hits the table.
view widens to include escobar, gittes, and two plain clothesmen, standing and staring at the empty pipe as if they expect it to talk.
it is a party, lit by festive beach lights and standing kerosene heaters.
flower petals blow from a bowl in the mountaintop monastery.
now everything happens at once.
jay flips back the plastic cover and jams his finger down on the red flashing button.
hi sits stock-still with a stony face.
whip sits semi-slumped in a chair.
jenny frowns in sympathy at her son's pain, and john tries a reassuring smile.
hilly sits in her car with her son, her face impassive.
the lines grow broader and clearer, forming a glowing arch of interlacing ancient letters and symbols.
billie wrapping her crimson jacket tight around her body.
the soldier falls, discharging the gun into the air.
she slips the envelope into the front of the dress and runs out, leaving the chicken to burn.
filch extends a crooked finger.
while he's drinking, we.
lisa raises the viewer to her eye.
ben shakes his head.
she rubs her hand on his chest.
hermione grabs harry's arm to stop him from following.
the damn thing won't light.
he checks his list while eyeing a string of pearls in a cabinet, and uses a bead rack to smash it open.
he ducks down in his car as harken flees the scene in his 4x4.
she is now full figure, beautifully groomed and flawless.
the queen stops and removes her spectacles.
he's astonished, puzzled.
at the army camp, zus is sitting on own.
javier runs up a stairwell in the hotel, then checks his watch.
the wind of the blades is on their necks.
legolas looking at a group of rohan soldiers.
the kid moves another counter, but still keeps a pudgy finger on it, and looks at willie, then changes his mind and moves it back.
george feels the clothes on the line.
thenardier is pissing into the very wine bottle he's using to serve the customer.
he glances down at the photos of his girls.
draco flies after it, closely followed by harry who swerves to avoid a solid wooden beam.
henry grabs one of his hands as indy struggles to reach the grail with the other.
harry gives a faint smile.
lewis pulls a hood over his head.
he knocks the ball high into the air.
she closes the door and presses her hand to the glass as john drives away down the winding drive through trees adorned with golden brown autumn leaves.
annie closes the door.
angela looks directly at us now, dancing only for lester.
the babysitter covers her head with her jacket and runs down the walkway.
malbin turns to tuvia.
feet slide towards each other, as if drawn together magically.
hollow-eyed, ron appears holding the deluminator.
he sets them gently on the ground.
she looks up from the letter.
the rain has stopped as they pull into the drive in the old hatchback.
abby leaps to her feet, smooths out her tight-fitting beige dress, and goes to the door.
in his mind, holmes sees a thug with a pocket watch take out a knuckleduster, a knife being thrust at holmes, another attacker with a knuckleduster, and a third with a club.
holmes looks a bit out of place, his face being unshaven and heavily bruised.
the death eaters sweep over the school.
latika lies down next to jamal.
heller remains seated, just nods at the brothers.
nema's grandma feeds chickens in a pen.
the walls are covered with commendation, photos of mulwray at various construction sites, large maps of watershed areas and reservoirs in the city.
ben stands, crosses back to the door to the den and shuts it.
he suddenly jerks her roughly off the stool, spilling her drink.
lizzie and mariah are sitting inside.
the dancer sets her down, then lifts her by the waist.
sam taps his cell phone screen.
gail hangs up the phone.
as paulie approaches the tape, his envious teammate vijay looks on.
michael helps charlie quickly clean herself up.
holly hangs up the phone and takes a drag on her cigarette.
ron pulls his hand away from the window as frost spreads across the glass.
sue wanders into the kitchen and finds him tucking in.
patel looks up hopelessly at jinnah.
in the middle stands a billiard table.
nick tentatively walks to the door.
and the three black labradors jump out.
a pause, and he affects to take gandhi's irony at face value.
harry falls from the bowl to the floor in professor dumbledore's room.
ron looks thoughtful.
the shotgun spits orange flame and the windshield explodes in.
a student aims a peashooter at peter's neck.
mrs. walters has dropped off in front of the tv.
octavius releases aunt may.
the waiter stands in shock.
marge pulls over.
as the robbers continue to search for additional valuables, indy is able to work his way unseen to within arm's reach of the cross.
the three of them look at each other for a moment.
she smiles at this confession.
lester just sits there, unable to take his eyes off angela.
the shock wave blows one of the gun crew's hat off.
he turns on the faucet and pours water on the cupcake.
a pretty nurse dressed in blue takes his pulse.
he turns and starts down the dip toward the gate and the waiting lathis of the police.
he stares at harry.
walt watches it go, then runs down off the porch and dashes into thao's house.
harry looks up in surprise.
dripping wet, dudley scrambles to his feet.
she stands with her hips turned in profile.
indy and elsa continue down the hallway.
sandy runs outside as the skiptracer pushes diana into the van.
a ship's crewman holding a clipboard steps up to rose.
he is carrying a file of papers and smoking a cigar.
fifty yards behind a state trooper has turned on his gumballs.
she ignores kate.
indy lifts her and carries elsa as he moves forward.
they watch as it does something behind some machinery.
she administers gas.
he rushes toward bert.
as valjean leaves, a fleshy-jowled town hall officer turns to a guard.
eowyn ushers merry off.
whilst miss bingley and mrs. hurst watch the moment with disgust, slumped in a chair,
she's on the verge of getting upset.
the three men hang back as the wolf examines the car.
she replies with some sarcasm.
both men look around dubiously as a huge flock of birds takes to the sky.
un-shed tears form in alice's eyes as she watches.
they're sitting in an office.
evan flinches, turns around and sees hunter, the frat guy thumper assaulted the other night at dirty hank's bar.
harling cuts more lines of coke.
he stares into the mist, eyes stinging with tears.
he throws an arm around curly and flashes a dazzling smile.
edward checks in windows as cars pull out, searching for his fated love.
lurtz ordering his.
the smoke clears, revealing a large house.
and it is a bit unnerving--a giant seems to be floating toward them out of the darkness, a giant in a strange cloak, and with a voice that would crumble walls.
scobie turns and storms out of the door, slamming it.
the queen extends her hand briefly, then, retracts it.
we follow mr. blonde as he walks out of the warehouse.
everett hesitates, not sure where this is going.
helen is driving towards the highlands, new jersey.
he picks up the bottle and throws it hard across the room.
andy stairs across the anteroom at it, then picks up a clipboard and some papers.
reluctant as it is, it too carries commitment and walker senses it.
the man in black, turning around, looking.
six silver interlocking v shapes of decreasing sizes.
jewish policemen and german soldiers are clearing a space, shoving jews out of the way, including szpilman, henryk and the nervous man.
he kisses salieri's hand.
a dementor floats past.
snatching the bottle, harry knocks over his glass.
boom up lenny's back to reveal ed stomping straight up the street toward him - unarmed, unafraid.
the man in black, and so he is.
a breeze blows across the balcony.
spider-man shoots a web onto the building, and swings back in through a huge oil window, landing on octavius.
jack pulls her toward the opposite end of the corridor.
she puts it in her pocket, then scans the shelves.
thao sees it and goes back into the garden.
looking dejected, peter sits on his bed.
freddy paces back and forth, in and out of frame, rehearsing the anecdote.
at last, he shuts the folder and nods to the clerk.
elizabeth slides a milkshake in front of skeeter.
the hard core of student fighters retreat, firing as they go, into the caf musain.
he leaves sandy shaking his head.
the air itself seems breathless with tension.
brian fixes peter with a sincere, imploring look.
merry twists around, looking up at the soldier.
he glances at meha's wife.
finally they turn their heads in the same direction.
carl notices the mustache is slipping and sticks it back in place.
she wears a gray tailored suit, small black hat with a veil, black gloves, and carries a black bag.
snape has draco pinned against a wall.
preacher, big john draw up their chairs around the table.
we're looking over juno's now five month pregnant belly to a school administrator filling out a slip.
to his surprise, two shadowy figures gradually appear in the mirror, standing one on each side of him.
nearer gandhi, behind mirabehn, are nehru, patel, azad and pyarelal.
ashley rolls her eyes.
he turns back to his pickup.
he sees elizabeth maddox approaching and stops anxiously in his tracks.
fast track in on the jar of hair jelly sitting on the shelf under the mirror.
the cat leaps off of the table and turns into professor mcgonagall.
a huge low-rider motorcycle bursts through the flames, its engine roaring even louder than the fire.
joly turns goes over to marius at the back, a faraway look on his face.
jane gets out of the car, still laughing, and waves as angela pulls away.
she smiles demurely.
two skeletal bats flap their bony wings.
the snake flies into the air, then falls again.
she is radiant.
she hesitates to meet their gaze.
he studies westley, whose face is almost sad.
the clock shows 2.08 am as he hangs a suit in a wardrobe.
mary and freddie.
her back is to ben as she falters slightly, takes a deep breath then puts a record on the turntable.
we see a series of shots of various couples doing their routines, some good, some bad.
willie gets in and drives off.
he splashes water on his ashen face.
then he grabs the keys out of the ignition, opens the door on his side and jumps out of the car, carrying the package.
the petticoat is blue and green.
david looks thompson in the eyes.
a thousand chinese soldiers sit, bored, watching the equivalent of a u.s.o.
he opts for the rat attack.
but the enemy speedboat explodes as it is crushed between the two freighters, flying into the air and splashing back down into the water.
edwards tries to stifle a laugh, but can't.
forrest dances as he watches himself in the mirror.
abby and joy make their way into the conference room.
the man, fortyish, pajama-clad, is big, and big-bellied.
the woman turns around, looks at the duct, shrugs, and gets on with her work.
he looks at his sleeping wife.
mr. blonde pours the gasoline all over the cop, who's begging him not to do this.
the gardiners are watching her from the bottom of the slope.
ben jumps up, gets the glass he had been drinking from and sits down again.
it seems to draw the energy out of him.
marley stands expectantly next to the high chair.
we track toward it.
down in the office, willie has resorted to brute force and uses a sledge hammer on the safe door.
behind the jackboots as they stroll through a showroom of unpainted furniture and bathroom fixtures.
two figures disappear from beside ron's bed.
as the crowd goes wild for edward, don price is the only teammate who doesn't mob him.
kate forces a grin.
the gum-chewing, bored-looking receptionist looks at the clock.
gandhi smiles, pain etched in his eyes.
eddie looks at sarah for a moment, then turns and walks out.
thao begins to sob.
then a wild look hits inigo.
a heap of skulls and bones is piled high behind iron railings.
her dark hair swinging like a ponytail.
willa, in the darkness, does not move.
the brow of the thin-faced doctor connors furrows as he walks away.
after a moment, fats continues on toward the door.
morty pulls back the sheet.
her head jerks back.
joe finds his father weeping in the bathroom.
the front door opens, and david enters.
debbie storms off back towards the foyer.
he offers her the dish.
wearing a big smile, mia brings the bag of heroin up to her face.
the video is barnes tackling enrique.
as she reaches the elevator, an elevator operator with dark blond hair stops her.
they hit the ground hard.
she gives a tight smile.
he turns the gun around on its turntable and begins picking off the burmese troops.
turning on a tap, he studies his distraught face in a mirror.
he looks at the gun.
hesitating for only a moment, harry follows hagrid out through the door.
a dense crowd of people crossing the bridge in both directions.
when we move to a wider shot we see freddy performing his monologue to holdaway in a parking lot.
the giant fezzik carries buttercup, unconscious, on board.
bob screws up his face.
they are cupped in her hand, the stem between her fingers.
marcus' face softens, then he raises the gun.
miranda glowers at andy, who's like a rabbit trapped in the headlights.
peter, looking uncertain, puts his hand to his chest.
bren, at the sewing machine, cuts the top of a pair of jeans and sews on an elasticated band.
owls in cages loaded onto the hogwarts express.
the road is overgrown, but not altogether creepy.
lily spots little caesar.
he goes directly to the safe and starts searching, but doesn't find the money.
valjean stares back for a beat, defying him.
jeff looks down, he smiles to himself.
he stretches out his hand to place it on hers.
gandalf gives him a small self-deprecating smile.
bo catlett eyes him a beat, then pushes out of his chair.
as he speaks, the man leaves the porch and goes into his house, slamming the front door.
neff is staring straight at phyllis.
far off, half veiled int he swirling steam, the tower of orthanc stands.
emily laughs as tears roll down her cheeks.
afterwards it soars a high stone tower.
the muddy waters glowing wit a golden light.
the sergeant draws a breath, grasping the club, but he bites his lip as he sees gandhi lift his head feebly, his shaking hands, stained with his own blood, groping for another card.
fumbling in the dark, a small hand closes over the.
she gets to her feet on a metal platform, high above the city lights.
we see muslims and hindus, many of them sikhs, old men, little children, women with babes in arms.
she kisses him on the cheek and rushes off.
the police van pulls up.
graham gently lifts her off the platform and holds her against his shoulder.
aragorn looks at gandalf, concerned.
they set off after darcy and mr. gardiner, who are walking a few paces ahead.
ruby is finishing her soda.
harry slowly regains consciousness and sits up.
it floats towards the desk at the far side of the room.
in a hotel corridor, barnes puts on his jacket as he walks in front of a large window against which he is silhouetted.
don price squeezes down hard, trying to shit the unshittable.
bert, in dark glasses, stands near the cashier's cage, chucking dice into a leather shaker.
he puts a hand into one anorak pocket, rummaging around, but comes out with nothing.
an 18-wheeler speeds towards sandy and he swerves toward the median.
forrest empties the net.
silently seething, tom turns to face gatsby.
he holds up the cigarette.
he swallows it in one.
he leaps onto the next car.
harry scrambles up and reaches high above his head for a broomstick.
then, to his goon, indicating the office door.
lightoller picks up a woman and places her in a boat.
one by one, kay deletes edwards's identity cards.
the blood shoots out like a geyser, and two goes down hard.
harry pulls the cover off ron's bed.
sydney turns back to the leggy blonde.
minas morgul answers: a flare of livid lightning, forks of blue flame, spring up from the tower into the sullen cloud.
it has a gate which is locked.
as harry falls, he gets a rack of long metal tubes that fall to the floor.
indy grabs herman's scout scarf and pulls him closer.
in contrast to those about him, there is tension in godse's face, an air of danger in his movements.
two robbers thrust up on a giant spider's web.
before wearily shaking his head and sitting back in his chair.
gandalf holds out the envelope.frodo drops the ring into it.
kate shakes hands with another couple and makes her way back through the restaurant.
the skaterats clock him.
emily reaches for the switch.
gandalf looks across at the dwarf.
the models are all in animal print outfits and stylized animal masks.
barnes takes in the number of people lying injured.
inside, exhausted students sit on the stairs.
morgan's face is hard, but tears start to fall anyway.
hurtling back toward them.
we follow the basket down to the yard which brings miss lonely heart's apartment into view.
he kisses her.
he excuses himself with an ineffable gesture, now climbs the stairs, susan watches him disappear.
the barman rolls his eyes.
the climber carefully ascends a snowy slope.
once again he nods to himself, then turns to the others, before jumping down onto the bridge.
dan, now sitting up in bed, remains with the phone to his ear and drops his head.
harry goes to the fire again but sirius is gone.
he stares at the scrapbook of pasted-in columns.
sue and thao watch bitterly as an officer leads spider in handcuffs to a squad car.
the bulgarians' ship goes underwater.
more and more captive men are brought in by the german schutzpolizei (shupos).
it moves down to pick out where he has landed face down.
he swims towards the shore.
frodo and sam look at each other, out of breath, tears and water streaming down both their faces.
inigo feels a hand on his back.
nullah continues to stare at the planes.
the dust from the cars is blowing across them.
filch's rheumy eyes peer up, searching the upper shadows, then narrow.
as gandhi nears them walker moves up beside him.
sam and veronica wheel the president's gurney over to the ambulance.
a security vehicle pulls through the ominous metal gates of the large state prison.
lizzie raises her eyebrows.
catherine pops a pill in her mouth and plants a kiss on nick, transferring the pill into his mouth.
she gently places her hand over emily, so that she can just see cal.
fleur puts her hand into the bag and takes out a tiny dragon.
camera moves up to the front of the wallace house.
hi obliges, but still looks at ed out of the corner of his eye.
we can see him over lisa's shoulder.
a large bite has been taken out.
sitting beside molly in a lifeboat, ruth's eyes are glassy as she watches from a distance.
a thick blanket of fluffy clouds slowly passes.
at the doorway, he looks bleeker straight in the eye and lightly squeezes him by the shoulders, then goes.
carl frowns and pauses the film.
carl turns to the window.
and sure enough, an ice cream truck rolls slowly toward the diner.
he takes a deep breath and sighs heavily.
he yells to ferris.
sadie gawks at her mom as she storms away.
bert stops when he sees eddie through the open door.
then he pulls out his silver 45.
dr. smith, sitting behind his desk, faces the camera.
a boulder smashes into a balcony full of civilians.
thomas snatches the baby from its cot and runs.
then, donovan's entire body starts to convulse.
his adc, a general, a brigadier, a senior police officer are with him.
now as thompson meets his team in the rotunda, david races past elise's friend outside the courtroom.
says viktor, dismissing the incident with a wave of his hand.
jeff's attention is concentrated on an apartment we have not seen before.
he picks up the typewriter, turns and starts walking back.
she vigorously shakes the phone and something falls out.
they lie on the bed laughing.
ron and hermione, with the receding waters behind them, turn to each other and kiss hungrily.
then, sensing another presence in the room, both turn.
she takes a deep drag, feels the smoke filling her lungs, defiant.
later, they cruise over the mississippi river into st. louis.
abby lets herself into her room, looking equally surprised.
they leave the diner.
they go off in opposite directions.
handsome, shaggy-haired nick stares at kate, a little put out.
andy's being summoned from one of the other rooms, but she can't see miranda.
the galleon on the lake fires a last salute.
peter in his spider-man suit gives her a little smile before putting on his head mask and leaping out of the window.
sandra turns to face the back door.
minnie, in a green straw hat and spotty dress and carrying a pie and a fan, peers out from the door of an empty bus.
walker is turning, watching for a move from the police but begins to grasp that there may be none.
they examine the computer screen and talk indistinctly to each other.
carla and lenore laugh as they leave the apartment.
the boyfriend grabs the sister and kisses her.
the others look blank.
she settles down and opens the first one.
luke, alicia, and rebecca ride up in the lift.
the pack of dogs appears at the end of the lane and thunders up toward hi, braying at the top of their doggy lungs.
harry comes back onto the island.
the garbage bag is tossed in the car trunk on top of marvin.
outside the canopied area, bourke-white is crouched, her camera framing the three of them.
audrey hands the nurse a yellow file, takes another one from her, and walks across the open plan office.
they stand, facing each other.
they put the hairs into the potion.
later, in the dimly little kitchen, pans and bowls, one full of empty eggshells, are stacked up into two sinks.
we see the backside of a naked woman in a sling suspended from a ceiling track rumbling over a canvas that lies on the floor.
it's a wave which washes away several people.
ferris, hani and garland are also watching.
hitler looks indy's way.
they pass tiny shops packed full of fascinating and unusual merchandize.
floyd runs on.
patrolman's pov of louise smiling up at him.
harry takes her place at ron's side.
he holds it open and she goes out.
as coyle serves him, parrish turns to luisa.
as he passed his door's room, the old man calls out to him.
at the ballet school, young daisy reads benjamin's card.
the driver's door opens and a tall man with bony features steps out wearing a badge.
he flicks his tongue at them.
a group of nuns are singing.
lester gives her a hard look, then slowly slips his hand into the water between her legs.
the prince wears a pair of sunglasses, the techs reflected in them.
sirius paces within a small cell, a man condemned.
they're staring at don.
he holds a couple of volumes in his hands, trying to interest passers-by.
a rain of bullets rip into gladys, taking her down like an animal.
it tastes horrible.
then starts to write in his quarters, swamped.
harry draws breath.
alex grins and writes back.
he pulls open a brass lobby door, and disappears into a midcentury high-rise, its window's number in the hundreds ascending into the sky, story after story after story.
she runs a hand down his hairy, muscular chest.
luna stands mesmerized by the falling spheres.
in the mall, all the security guard bids the last shoppers farewell.
then, he leans over and plants a kiss to one side of her mouth.
bleeker's head drops miserably.
she looks at herself in the mirror.
he sees himself standing in the street, looking up.
the guard leaves the shot; bart goes in.
a moment passes as they all ready their mounts and sallah continues to laugh at indy.
darcy remains standing.
indy grabs him and pushes him ahead.
abha has signaled to the cheap watch dangling from his dhoti.
he runs dry.
their headlights reveal a dip in the road, then the stolen ford climbing the rise farther ahead.
graham approaches the vehicle cautiously across a lawn, leaning over to get a view of its occupant.
he pulls down a folder jammed with clippings.
graham stares at his family huddled on the couch.
harry follows and sees the werewolf hurling the dog against a rock.
the three friends run on down a dark tunnel until they come to a dead end and are forced to stop.
ben pulls up in his saloon outside the slightly seedy- looking motel.
there's something gleaming in the bottom of it.
he just stares at her.
elsa grabs the wheel and begins to steer the boat while indy and the turk trade punches.
mr. loomis steps into the house and grabs ben's hand.
narrowing her eyes, she peers towards the dark shadows under the trees.
she stands there, alone, as from far below the words come to her, drifting on the wind.
darcy hurries into a room upstairs and stands in the middle of the room, looking deeply troubled.
forrest's shrimping boat is alone on the gulf waters.
they're splashing each other at the sink as they clean the dinner dishes.
nicole removes the cigarette from his fingers.
on the ground he sees barty crouch laying lifeless.
ben tries to smile and return the wink politely.
another hand appears, this one clutching a map.
kevin looks around in surprise.
fergus takes jody, whose hands are still tied behind his back, by the elbow.
mathis joins him.
ricky and jane, fully clothed, lie curled up on jane's bed.
kurt pauses to compose himself, then opens the door and says.
klaatu walks into the next room which has books piled everywhere, and approaches a chalkboard covered in figures.
it is meanly lighted by the wall brackets.
as professor dumbledore gently places the bundle on a doorstep, a tear runs down hagrid's cheek.
extreme close up on her hand as it briefly touches his shoulder in slow motion.
the syringe plunger is pushed down, pumping the adrenaline out through the needle.
bellatrix is jubilant.
-- he takes two more.
they both smile and spin.
in the carriage behind it, a girl with long blond hair sits reading a magazine.
gandhi is approaching with nehru and azad, pyarelal trails close behind.
the funeral pyre burns, its work almost done.
abha suddenly holds a picture up for gandhi to see.
bubba's mother, a robust woman in a cook's uniform, carries a bowl of shrimp into a dining room.
there are four positive pregnancy tests in the sink.
abby is sitting in a ball in her closet.
zus rolls tuvia on his back with a flick of his foot.
the bristol drives off to the auction.
the knife slices across her arm, ripping her flesh.
he then channels through to another camera and another guard.
she cowers, covering her head, as insects swarm around her.
dank and chill, underground and windowless, lit by flickering torches.
standing on the numbered shelves are thousands of cloudy glass spheres.
the camera follows freddy as he hops around the apartment getting everything he needs.
a dim light burning behind them.
and it flutters above harry's head.
we stay with edward in bed.
daisy hangs her head.
the room is filled with steam.
jane and lizzie look mortified at mary's clumsy playing.
the headline of the engagement announcement reads, bree to .
holding his tea, he turns to gandhi with a little smile.
he begins to weep, loud, agonised sobs, and staggers on.
juno scans the ad silently.
bob and jeep carry gladys out.
the redhead buys it.
he struggles with it and with great difficulty, forces it back into the trunk and fastens it down with a strong chain.
david crosses the street to a bistro.
rose steps backward, then slips the kimono from her shoulders.
he rips open an official-looking letter.
carolyn, carrying a basket of fresh cut roses, passes by the garage window.
they look out into the night.
mr. collins gives jane an ingratiating smile.
she is standing by the table.
it is fergus, dressed in laborer's overalls, covered in dust.
she stares forward, shakes her head.
inez nods and writes some more.
out in the sunshine, mj, still in her wedding dress, runs through a garden past a fountain, smiling broadly, her hair beginning to fall loose.
he looks up at rick.
harry sees himself throwing a stone and the werewolf turning and advancing on him.
annie and lindsey come out of the wallace house.
uncle vernon looks in again but harry pretends to be asleep.
phyllis looks up from the checker-board and cuts in on the dialogue.
his eyes snap open, focused, the force inside him now fully in control.
the man now in a raincoat walks under a parked south jet airplane.
he removes his mask and hushes the bulldog before going over to watson's desk.
thenardier, listening, hears this all with great interest.
the man stops short of the bed, makes gestures of trying to placate her, but she goes on scolding.
in a white covered walkway.
judy has gotten the upper hand is now batting the policeman's brains out.
draco puts the parcel in his pocket.
he grabs a stone off the pile and toys with it, looking thoughtfully into the abyss as his men ride up.
a slim women in her late 20s, wearing a blue top, stretches up to place her coat on the overhead rack.
holly's eyes glisten with tears as she stares at him.
vizzini, stunned, turning to the others, looking down.
he takes off his top to reveal a tanned, muscular torso with a six pack.
grimsrud opens the medicine cabinet and delicately taps aside various bottles and tubes, seeking the proper unguent.
eventually, they stop to catch their breath, hiding behind the gnarled trunk of a huge tree.
harry makes to follow, then stops.
they are lying on the bed together, fully clothed.
darcy realizes he is being spoken to.
zus indicates gramov who doesn't appear to be paying attention.
both adjustment officers duck out of sight.
he picks up the calendar and puts the bottle down on the table.
inside, she sits down near a window and opens up the letter again.
thomas lies dead on a table.
she wants to be left alone.
she leaves the book on the top step, and hurries away.
halfbreed pushes roscoe as he jumps with excitement.
sitting in a chair, near the settee, jack opens a canvas bag.
they run past and vault over a farm gate.
lester hangs up and exits quickly.
the room has been completely trashed.
dressed in a smart suit and tie, ben goes to the fence but stops short and stares at the dog.
juno is wearing one of mac's giant hockey jerseys in lieu of actual maternity wear.
while it passes he cambers out of the roof.
evan, kayleigh and even the punk's friends look on helplessly when two security guards seize tommy.
back on two wheels, he weaves through the traffic.
vincent is already out of the car, working on getting mia out.
he walks into the flower-filled room and stops for a moment to look at daisy.
louise drinks her shot of tequila and holds up her glass, too.
after some time, hannah pulls away and looks him straight in the eye.
close-ups of ilsa, then laszlo, reveal their disappointment.
john, as he finishes undoing rope from a willow root, looks up and around, checking on pursuit.
thelma and louise are sitting in the car.
he goes to the kitchen.
he looks up from his book and watches a woman with two young boys who are drawing at a table nearby.
she tilts up her face.
cal holds out his hand.
bellatrix seemingly has the better of molly.
holly walks onto the screen in front of the painting.
the assistant looks at elijah as if about to speak, his hands moving feebly.
chuck drops his pants.
the gates out of the pen are closed in front of drover, and the gate to the wooden loading tunnel raised.
holding the record, she looks up with a smile.
gollum falls into the crack of doom.
the orcs grunt as they lift frodo.
jane and angela come out of the gym.
the prisoners file out.
she looks at them sadly, and raises her wand.
later, she follows him into his apartment.
he pulls tight.
they struggle.
the soldiers jump and wave their arms ecstatically.
walt holds his hand out and thao shakes it.
quirrell stares into it.
the landscape is violent.
the drapes billow into the room.
hidden under the invisibility cloak, harry and griphook follow.
vizzini rips some tiny pieces of fabric from an army jacket and tucks them along the saddle of buttercup's horse.
indy dodges two or three clumsy swings of the sword, making no attempt to fight back.
javert removes his hat and hands a paper to valjean.
david follows.
he somersaults in the air like a dolphin and vanishes again under the surface.
donovan points the gun at him.
the german captain is being bundled away by the guard, who aims a kick at him.
jack leads her to a flat piece of wood floating on the surface.
in her wrecked room over the pub, sarah looks at a photograph of her, nullah and drover.
the frames come clattering down in a shower of glass, paper, and splintered wood.
the lights are on.
purvis' frustrated gaze scans the agents.
on the ocean floor, the two submersibles shine their lights on the titanic's remains.
eager to get off this subject.
the german storms off, tossing the pieces of his card into the air behind him.
harry turns.
peter yells beside a glowering brian as the leeds players surround the ref.
the cannon fires and the champions enter the water, three of them dive in while harry is pushed.
on the roof, kyle is with audrey, who's aiming an assault rifle.
norman looks at his reflection.
a faint mist is rising.
it begins to move upward, and the camera follows it.
pete rides his bike across the front lawn.
the police enter the harbour.
he looks at her.
ancient charts drape the walls while gleaming spheres of spun glass orbit one another silently.
she barges in.
whilst the young couple are enjoying themselves, watching at the side, darcy cannot hide his disdain.
a beer bottle emerges over the railing of the bandstand.
he drops the necklace.
mickey opens the door, the light from a hallway illuminating him.
the man in a hat is already on the phone as the old plane takes to the air.
melvin is standing against the wall near his door a cop, ray, interviewing him.
the queen and charles drive along a country road.
he tries to fire a web, but again nothing happents.
zoe sits and stares at her dinner in horror, as kate squeezes lemon over her fish.
chunks of stones fly into the room in a cloud of dust.
we see only ricky's back and shoulders as he rolls the joint.
more and more trees are hauled down and killed.as gandalf looks on in helpless despair.
harry climbs over fallen rocks.
hundreds of owls are perched on the rooftops and cars in privet drive.
the slender black woman passing by gives him a pitying glance.
on the floor of the car jody lies, with three pairs of feet on top of him, a black bag over his head and the barrel of a gun dangling close to his face.
daisy strolls across the varnished wooden floorboard and regards her reflection as she poses with one arm elevated.
gandalf's face breaks into a smile.
behind them, through the rear-view mirror, we see loomis' station wagon pull out of an alley and follow along.
his eye tracks up - up- creeeeeek!
he tries again.
clearing the kitchen counter, gittes sees ida sessions lying on her back on the floor, surrounded by the groceries from a broken bag.
as he leaves, charlie gazes after him with pursed lips.
ben's hand comes up again with the breathing apparatus in it.
the attendant has returned to the other end of the counter and resumed his doze.
as they kiss, a pair of ankle boots is placed in a window display.
she goes up in the lift of the dantay-west building.
light blazes as he is absorbed into it
now, pete lies on the bed using his tablet as debbie enters.
sarah is marshaling her porters.
he fastens her seat belt.
other goons tear from the car.
miranda puts on a pair of large sunglasses, smiles at andy and steps out of the car.
gittes notes it.
he wrings his hands and blows on them.
later, a car drives past jane's building.
she seems to have aged years overnight.
john looks cautious.
joe, observing, holds the boom mike (a condenser mike taped to a broom handle), preston wears an overcoat.
the prisoners are being shot down.
in switzerland, an imposing castle is perched on a mountainside.
she looks up at him.
morgan is dropped.
charlotte's busy chatting with someone, but jane looks quietly upset.
they get back up.
he sees neff standing inside the door.
the suited man rips a piece of paper out of his notebook and hands it to dante.
the officers follow david in the map book.
keyes walks past him into the room.
carolyn is still listening to the same motivational tape.
jane is bear foot and kevin keeps on coming up with wacky dance moves.
jenny smiles and gets out of the car.
mozart hurries constanze out of the door.
elijah looks shaken.
harry looks around nervously.
the contents have caught fire.
audrey's arm is hanging out of the window.
harry loses his grip on the broomstick and falls, helplessly, down through the clouds.
tuvia, with lilka walking alongside, stops and looks ahead, his face serious.
object seen through an electron microscope, appear on a screen.
he hurries away.
commanding two staffs, saruman sends gandalf into a sickening spin.
guests are crowded together in the living room, surrounding the piano, where evan is sitting and flipping through some sheet music.
he's about to pull the trigger, but seeing she has been returned to normal, drops the gun.
neff takes his hat and briefcase.
thenardier is by a hovel.
it is a winter hat.
peter and lucy walk up.
the dude is staring at his toes, which protrude from the soapy water, splayed against the far side of the tub.
later she is at home.
dark green conifers stretch as far as the eye can see.
he picks up dumbledore's intricately-carved elder wand.
she pulls her thumb from sandy's soup.
as red delivers covering fire, dillinger hustles to a guest room next store and butts a window with his gun.
the fellowship turn to watch as the massive dark tower of sauron shakes itself to pieces!
jinnah sneers at the idea, though he cools a little.
mike picks up the extension and listens in.
the crowd applauds and sophie makes for the stage.
he takes it, reluctantly, listens to the dim sound of ringing on the other end.
watson helps holmes up and supports him as the pair make their way back across the factory floor.
sam, with a conscious effort, keeps his eyes on the keyboard as they go past.
the front door is off its hinges.
he stops in the porch, looks up and down the street, takes something from beside the porch, and disappears into the shadows around the side of the house.
as tess and george flirt in his office, jane frowns, seeing kevin's name in her filofax.
he moves from the back passenger door to the back bumper where he begins to climb onto the station wagon.
sarah looks up.
the advice only succeeds in confusing edward.
fabienne's face is alone in the frame.
he sees this, and likes it; it feels good to win for a change.
the armed federal agents struggle to maintain order.
sits behind his desk, back to camera, not moving.
they leave the dude sitting morosely at the bar.
jenny tries to look pleased.
on the campus, doctor connors races up to him.
lucius raises his right hand, about to lay it on the mark.
lionel flinches and covers his face.
in the house are stacks of ping-pong paddles and life-sized cardboard cutouts of forrest playing ping-pong.
a beat and then a strange figure crosses between the camera and the scene -- gone before we can examine him further.
barnes reads the gnn logo and leaps to his feet.
she puts up an umbrella as he helps her out.
the huge glassy eyed man in orange emerges carrying a bag over his shoulder.
buttercup only smiles, shakes her head.
they drive past leafless trees into the bleak, deserted cemetery.
on a distant fringe of the party, a grass terrace that still commands a view of the dance floor, is joe.
an older woman behind the counter is looking at a computer screen.
finally, the film shows dr. abel hitting a large turning fork with his finger.
he places his hand around the handle.
it is his presence that has silenced them.
david and audrey are on stools at one end of the bat.
stuffing the new one inside with them.
as the others escape past closing doors, the remaining stoker dives under the last closing door and falls out as its steel hatch slams shut.
he removes his skirt.
inside, sam, holding a small spanish flag, strolls to the back of the crowd.
the dude is going up the walkway of a small venice bungalow court.
hal, fbi man, various other police and detective types, pull up in front of the house.
dillinger sits facing billie and lays his hand on the large box.
the dust cloud caused by humperdinck's horses is rising up into the sky.
the flare explodes into separate fiery streams that fall.
neff and lola are climbing over a low hill in the foreground.
alicia watches her with a smug smile.
sandra narrows her eyes and fixes her with a cold, bitter stare.
as melvin gives up and starts out.
we see pins spin, hit each other and drop.
frodo's face as the fiery volcano recedes away beneath him.
pete looks at the watch, puzzled.
reflected in the glass of a tall office building, the brooding storm clouds settle over the city of london.
she poses for press photographers.
zus and tuvia, their guns up and ready, urge the men and women to flee.
mark shuts the door.
hermione grabs harry's arm, slams through the door.
he puts his arms around her and kisses her.
beating down the side street as he runs, howard sees enrique make a b-line for a busy highway.
meanwhile, rose drops onto a lower deck.
lady catherine heads out and lizzie follows her, looking puzzled.
the concerto stops and the movie cuts to holly, leaning into an open phone booth near a subway entrance.
he watches through the window.
the smoker glances at randal and then at the o.c.
three warriors, armed and ready, are mounted in formation behind.
emily glances over at him several times.
sitting there in the dark corner of the car, away from the steering wheel, is lola.
harry is hauled across the ice.
as they pass jude, she smiles.
at the same moment salieri reaches out his hand to take it and add it to the pile on the table.
he shoots a web to an adjacent building.
she is holding him as he heaves in a spasm of dry retching, his face to the wall.
puts on the handbrake.
another day - the platoon walks through a rice paddy, waits deep in water.
as darkness falls, a swarm of bats flutters through the forest.
he stops running and sinks to his haunches.
benjamin looks into the kitchen.
elsewhere, a degas painting of a woman wearing a long tutu floats beneath water.
back up the tunnel -- lit by the light of galadriel -- shelob's heaving shadow approaches.
he steps away.
brian stops the car outside a large red brick house.
emily's arms are around tim's neck, as he lifts her legs and holds her in his arms.
lupin sinks onto a chair, his head lowered.
she carries a suitcase and a basket, and walks away from the house.
jack grins as he draws.
she rolls her eyes.
holmes looks troubled.
the windmill turns slowly at sunset.
theoden and gamling watch the retreating figures of aragorn, legolas and gimli.
edward throws the stick again.
marius looks down and sees cosette's handkerchief.
jeff and lisa are at the window.
lockhart autographs a picture of himself.
as she re-enters.
she takes off her necklace and kneels down next to the grave.
the woman turns and looks at david for the first time.
a woman's severed head hangs from a post.
a square of his chest is bare beneath a sheet.
they each pulled out a gun, and using the spools to conceal them, passed them to the young inmate and a man sitting next to him.
english dave slams the door in our faces.
aragorn moves his horse forward.
as dillinger turns and walks away from the farm house, the woman continues to gaze after him.
as martin grabs the tire iron.
the doctor reveals juno's baby boy above the sheet.
dante is puzzled and annoyed.
a young woman comes out of her house, talking on her phone.
buckbeak watches them go.
bert raises his gun to hit george on the head.
she looks back.
lila is sitting close by the phone, and looks as if she hasn't moved from it in the last hour.
malcolm's affected by his client.
above his head, he can only see a narrow strip of sky.
making a gun out of his finger and placing it to his head.
boromir thrusts, catching pippin on the hand.
he sticks a fork in a chicken wing and turns it over.
the yellow taxi pulls up.
jacqueline stands.
he bends under its weight.
gandhi looks up -- his anger, his determination there, but then broken by a hopeless sigh.
the squad car tops a rise to bounce into view, its siren wailing.
lily holding caesar, and noah clutching his mom's hand are beside kate with jackson directly behind her.
she sips.
helen looks at the men, then lowers her eyes.
but jeep's too afraid to move.
gittes nods, follows yelburton out, through the outer office to his offices down the hall.
ferris cocks a rifle.
they both turn to the door.
the old man walks off.
the tug's lights are visible on the horizon.
as he races towards the building opposite, he shoots another web to pull him away.
indy pulls away some cobwebs to reveal a cobblestone path.
valjean carries marius away from the carnage.
running.
malcolm sits on a sidewalk bench facing a row of brownstone homes across the street.
mr. robinson turns toward the sunroom.
grabbing harry's arm, he sucks harry's blood from his fingers.
through the slats, on bleeker's upstairs window blinds, juno and leah can be seen scouring to the previa.
as he takes out his handkerchief and rinses it.
his hand strays to his neck, closing tight around the ring.
she is waving her dance program at him.
her eyes are closed and her face is relaxed into a serene ecstasy, as nick kisses her neck then returns to her lips.
elsa surfaces into the air pocket created by the coffin, sputtering and spitting.
as arwen watches the boy moves away, the trees begin to thin.
he knocks with the butt of his rifle.
the others stare.
he searches through the debris.
hal walks over and opens the door and max and the others straggle back in.
mr. bennet leaves the letter on the desk until the housekeeper has left.
graham views the scene with restrained alarm.
he starts to pound it.
he stares down through gaping holes in the floor.
suddenly the pov lunges forward.
joe raises the spoonful of peanut butter in a kind of toast to the staff.
golden sunlight shines on its sleek exterior, reflecting the snow covered ground bordering the woods.
charles enters the room.
he steps to the other door and opens it.
carol holding a pose for simon.
the woman stops him.
cowley pulls a 180.
as he sits down, someone puts his arm menacingly around evan's throat.
he walks round to the driver's door.
he relaxes and sits up.
edward looks away, angry and disbelieving.
she brings out a huge block of ice in the middle of which is a credit card.
ben is seated across a study table from elaine.
bassam gets out.
inigo drives for the count's left shoulder now, thrusts home where the count had gotten him.
eddie looks at the lineup of the balls.
a small black-and white tv next to her register shows george bush on the white house lawn with helicopter rotors spinning behind him.
her expression is fraught.
she looks at her intriguingly.
a soldier opens a crate and takes out a maxim machine gun.
eyeing them, pete takes his music player from the speaker dock.
appalled, walt stares at sue, his mouth hanging open.
annina runs up to him and hugs him.
lenny is reaching back to throw his knife.
she runs her hand through her hair.
close shot -- scobie.
as tommy pulls up out front.
a van sweeps past the soho grand hotel.
later, alice carefully slips her key into her front door and opens it.
the horses are all rounded up.
the advocate general is speaking from a folded journal.
bill comforts fleur.
harry looks around at his friends, helpless in the grip of the death eaters.
don's nervousness is mounting.
a tear runs down gabriel's cheek as he watches.
in the excitement of greetings she has been momentarily forgotten.
fireworks illuminate the streets, which are filled with revelers waving american flags.
pete struggles as his captors lead him away from his boss.
the touch disturbs the figure.
he stares down with growing fear, then looks out from the house.
suddenly brackett stops.
louis sees her, tries to stop, but can't -- and his car slams.
david moves to the stairs as someone gets knocked out on the.
who silently opens the door at the top of the basement stairs and watches with horror.
cole looks down and finds his mother laying in her bed.
the villagers rise and rush to cole.
he comes out of a two door trailer and shuts the door.
there is strange stitching around the base of rosenberg's ear.
he switches the lights on, closes the door, puts the lights on, closes the door, puts the key in his pocket.
he goes to the window, opens it.
when marsellus is in front of butch's car, he casually glances to his left, sees butch, continues walking.
hedwig the snowy owl sits on the desk as harry searches through a pile of books on the floor.
as an extra house slides into the space.
but he has half heard gandhi's comment and turns -- a smile, a politician's flexibility.
the cabby sneaks another look.
carolyn looks down at us, contemptuous but also bored, as if she gave up expecting anything more long ago.
a procession of servants troop inside, carrying baskets of food and provisions.
harry suddenly sees the golden snitch beside draco's head.
forrest holds onto a broom and dances oddly.
photo kicks away with his camera.
gandhi screws up his courage, marching on.
they load him into the back with sandra and audrey.
on the ground captain michaels leads anheuser's team across a walkway.
locating the flashlight, he frantically slaps the lens.
emily looks faint.
strasser looks briefly at rick, then makes a step towards the telephone just inside the hangar door.
watson uncaps the needle and plunges it into holmes' chest.
jacob turns and runs back into the woods.
jenny walks across the lawn to forrest.
later walt opens his front door to thao.
harry, his hair a mess from sleeping on it, looks up at the door as it opens to reveal ray bones standing there.
she settles down on a large tree stump.
gatsby turns to face tom.
mj moves her head away and closes her mouth and her eyes.
lisa, still looking out into the room, and without turning, says.
everyone is walking in the same direction.
he takes her hand.
outside one of the houses is a car, an army jeep, policemen, a few soldiers and a group of people.
she gasps, horrified.
as she hurries along a row of stalls, weaving around small groups of men standing together, showing each other stamps.
in slow motion, a man runs through the trees amid the dust and flames.
sam considers a moment, nods agreement, rises.
the four men are watching with open mouths.
minnie slips away.
the dialogue is urgent, rapid-fire and overlapping.
he checks the chamber and hands it back to her.
young women walk with books balanced on their heads.
as he searches his pockets for coins, he asks her for directions.
his face turns up to the ceiling.
his face almost cracks -- it is a chink of light, but it does not illumine his darkness.
he snaps them with his phone, then darts off again.
he stops and puts his suitcase down and glances at his watch.
juno, wearing the adapted jeans, comes down the school.
eddie steps out of his closeup and we see joe cabot standing in the warehouse doorway.
florence is holding one of the babies cradled against her shoulder.
a little way beyond is ray's ford pickup truck smashed into the tree, stretched into any of the front and a couple of paramedics standing by.
wearing the helmet, she marches over to him.
she could be packing for camp.
joe in the lead - they turn and look back -- a massive shot of the neighborhood under fire -- houses getting blown to shit in collateral damage.
adriane looks down relieved.
she looks off in another direction, slightly behind the office, and sees.
looking at her handsome, regal looking mother, skeeter nods in acknowledgement, but then lowers her eyes.
glittering strings fly through the air.
uncle vernon hears the noise upstairs.
steam rises from its ruptured radiator.
abby looks around.
harry follows her.
mr. cunningham looks surprised to see who it is.
graham turns slowly from the creature to face merrill, spotting the baseball bat in its rack mounted on the wall by his brother.
szpilman sits down slowly.
earl spencer steps from the podium while outside people applaud.
the car swerves madly.
debbie turns, caught.
he smiles at her as he rubs his hands.
david boxes jenny into position for a photo of her with notre dame cathedral in the background.
he brushes the hair out of her face as merrill moves to morgan and picks him up.
fergus smokes, then puts out the cigarette.
the camera jerks up to discover jane and angela staring at us.
he could not be more self-conscious.
they jog past a tanned young woman in a skimpy bikini.
she puts down her cup, still watching him.
at the foot of the dais, in a small stone chair, sits an old man, gazing at his lap: denethor -- the lord steward of.
she smiles at him and he smiles back, almost blushing.
flint looks up nervously as the capacitors descent towards him and spin around him.
then, fats is up; his jacket is off, his tie is pulled loose.
joe and charles walk down the street.
he comes lower and lower until he can leap out of the roof of his uncle's car.
the hill is decorated with scrubby green grass.
he shakes the baby's hand.
as he chuckles sympathetically.
the dog jumps up and runs off.
she walks to the kitchen.
suddenly the music snaps off.
he carries her along the landing and into the bedroom, where he lays her softly on the bed.
the dragon gets closer and closer.
a stone-faced receptionist stares at sidney, who sits outside clayton's office obsessively scrubbing his hand with a tissue.
two of the creatures four clawed digits are missing.
he turns the envelope over, frowning, before flicking open the unsealed flap.
twenty-seven former brides have lined up wearing the dresses from jane's closet.
elsa leads indy and brody into the large piazza.
two other uniformed policemen rush into the room and eventually subdue a raging jamal.
lying on the floor, sandy kicks the wall.
joe's comes back to the table.
jenny shakes her head forlornly.
thao runs out of the garage, leaving walt sprawling on the ground.
harry's parents disappear.
charlotte holds the iphone monkey app to her lips again.
she kisses him again.
then he sits beside holden.
he looks at diana.
peter raises the camera to his eye.
he sips.
they climb a grassy slope.
louise lowers the top and backs the car out.
he grabs his shoes, throws them on.
she startles awake.
vanessa looks at juno's expression and knows mark is lying.
debbie comes in the bedroom.
wormtail appears, clutching a small, wizened creature in a blanket.
he strolls through the mall.
he drives up outside harken's house.
joe helps martin out of the broken window followed by charles, and then carrie.
graham turns to bo in astonishment.
pink, and goes for his own weapon.
alison sits at her desk as ingrid goes through dresses with another model.
the pov springs back from the window and stalks quickly down the side of the house, past the jack-o-lantern, around to a door.
the driver brings the bus to a grinding halt on a remote road.
he reaches her side.
the camera moves to a blushing elliot, following him now as he walks across the room.
they are lurid, tawdry fan and pin-up magazines.
she walks into camera.
we're across from jane's window, looking in.
more villagers run towards the truck.
karen looks away now, fighting a smile.
his aide consults his own book.
a limb punches into the pillar.
a shot from barnes shatters the back windscreen and hits taylor in the shoulder.
the head is reflected in the water beneath.
she is already going up the steps.
he misses.
dumbledore and crouch hurriedly descend the stairs of the pavilion.
the prince and yellin, turning to her in the doorway.
three of the doors are open.
diana looks away somberly, as sandy gazes down at his pants.
greene walks onto an executive jet.
he jumps down to cross the train tracks.
sam pulls an envelope from his pocket.
the shape is gone.
he runs into the living room, where thao is picking himself up.
they follow her across piccadilly circus and down a crowded street.
merrill clips the light bulb with the end of the wooden handle as he crosses the room.
cedric draws his wand.
patel has wandered back toward the others, his mind already on them.
sandy keeps his tired eyes on the road.
inside, he removes a hold-all from a fridge and takes a pistol from it.
kay steps away from the group and finds him.
he holds them up in front of his face.
she hurries in with the laundry basket.
later, with the lights out, graham and merrill are still transfixed.
two students carry someone out on a stretcher.
laurie suddenly jumps backward, raising her arm instictively.
two figures are depicted on the top of a building locked in fierce battle.
rick sits down at the table.
javier enters the lobby, which is filled with secret service agents.
she kicks it.
ben gets out and goes around to her side and opens the door.
arthur weasley fends one of them off.
he looks over at brian in his car.
he wistfully chews a toothpick as marley lies down on the sand.
as clarence speaks this line, the snow stops falling outside the building, a strong wind springs up which blows open the door to the shack.
joe and alice see the rattling noises coming from the strange cube joe took from the crash site.
he places two pieces of cheese on the hamburgers, before walking over to houdini.
peter tries to pull his mask back on but drops it as he fires a thread just as he's about to hit the ground.
a gentle breeze blows through the balcony doors ruffling drawn curtains.
he watches as sean comes down the front stairs and starts across the street.
a low terrible groan begins to rise up out of her throat.
eddie, having hurriedly paid the bill, follows after her.
ferris pulls away from marwan.
harry spots a strange substance.
his head falls back on the grass and his convulsing throat muscles come to rest.
hoffman smokes a fat cigar and has a drink with ferris on the balcony of his apartment.
we see dave, holding his neck.
they turn away and walk towards boat.
the cab rattles away down the street.
she continues barreling towards it without slowing down.
we are tracking in on the circular bench towards a big man nursing a large plastic cup of bud.
redgick's legs, cracks the whip once, and wraps around the door post, grabbing hold.
the albino drops without a sound.
he is watching his fingers, one of which twitches now.
szpilman gazes out.
they stop at a door.
lt. dan sits down out of sight in the latrine, then stands up, looking at the boys.
nullah and daisy are carrying items of luggage for sarah.
edwards stretches even further in his seat, when there is a blinding flash from the corridor.
hanging his head, he turns and mooches off into the bedroom.
edward and will sit at opposite ends of the table, with sandra and josephine in the middle.
gatsby rests his face against his hand.
peter walks down the passageway to the back garden where aunt may is packing.
she is still looking at thelma as if she has completely lost her mind.
twisting perspective shows that it is an aerial shot of a two-lane highway, bordered by snowfields.
draco still has his wand raised.
the roar of approaching planes is deafening.
d. freak is on hats.
he kicks it open and hits the guard in the face.
he presses the mic against carl's nose.
then they return to being opposite to one another.
he plays it with increasing abandon and virtuosity.
the priest leads him to a waiting boat.
anna is asleep in a chair.
ryan and natalie sit in separate offices with various employees who look at their strategy packets.
jeep keeps his eye on the wing mirror as he drives away.
hermione gets up.
mrs. walters looks up from her cards without expression.
a wave of realization crosses juno's face.
he brings the car a few yards further down the street, parking it near evelyn's.
he sprints across a busy street where cars narrowly avoid hitting him.
meanwhile, david sits in a waiting room, his head bowed and his eyes closed.
michael's party crosses a static body of water bordered by rocks and boulders.
forrest runs with a group that follows behind him.
frodo is sitting in the wagon.
a door opens.
he looks at julie, who wipes tears from her eyes.
more bricks falling away.
larry stands up and walks outside.
colin stands there, still shirtless.
smiling suggestively wraps her arms around sydney.
red and green blasts meet again in a brilliant white and orange glow.
lupin points his wand and the tree falls still.
she gets to her feet and walks away.
hermione contemplates this.
peter pulls a face and drinks his glass of milk.
in london, an operator is looking at bond's photos.
the shadowed ridges of the dwimorberg mountain rise before them.
she leads him excitedly down the stairs.
but they are laughing at their task.
the car is pulling into the parking lot of a single-story cement-block building with a hundred-foot antenna and a handpainted sign.
eomer steps forward to bow in respect.
harry's face contorts as they spin.
don has crossed to the chest of drawers and fished out more shirts and socks.
he stares at watson.
he ruffles his daughter's hair as he walks past.
edward ponders the best response, settling on.
she gestures as if there's someone behind palmer.
audrey gently lifts the baby.
the sister continues to stare incredulously.
camera pans down to feature his hands -- he is methodically trimming his nails with a small clipper.
lucius malfoy looks around suspiciously.
she's wearing a blue dress and hat.
a shuddering cry, fading into a shrill wail passes with the wind.
the tourist laughs.
the skiptracer steers through oncoming traffic.
she turns to harry.
she sets it down on the table.
he starts to pace.
he walks slowly down to the window and peers out.
straightening his jacket, he looks around at the assembled people staring at him.
edward turns on the wipers.
keyes resumes his pacing.
forrest's mother, mrs. gump, watches him as he clanks around the room awkwardly.
the butler takes it and disappears, leaving gittes standing in the doorway.
she is wearing wick's foulard dressing gown.
a light shines outside, then goes dark.
we cut further down the street to an alleyway where the thenardiers, heavily disguised, are waiting for valjean's approach with their gang of crooks, babet, brujon, clacquesous, montparnasse.
he bows stiffly.
he starts to replace the receiver but brings it back with an afterthought.
a simple wooden shack at the back of the summerhouse, valjean himself lives with spartan simplicity - he has given the best room to cosette.
strung up to the light fixture on the ceiling, dangling there in the middle of the room, is bob, eyes open and staring.
and crashes into the square.
it's lying just beyond a bend in a tree-lined road, upside down in a ditch.
watson and holmes sit in the ruined lavatory of their carriage which is at the end of those still attached to the engine.
it's stuck below the level of the floor.
but it's only an old man in a painting, scowling in the glare of harry's wand light.
harry joins cho in front of the mirror.
trays are being served and cocktails sipped.
the camera shows she and mickey talking to ron through the reflection in the cluttered makeup mirror.
it's of the young thief, who stole gregorovitch's elder wand.
mickey runs offscreen briefly to answer the door.
he cross to the full length window and parts the curtains.
the lock is gummed up with gum or something hard and obtrusive like gum, preventing the key from being inserted.
reggie and bartholomew sit at the table.
fezzik carries westley who is just starting to stiffen up a little.
then it descends.
a white car with five south asian guys in it stops up ahead.
but we can't see the grail knight's face.
then hold each other's gaze.
grinning, mike takes the helm and sharply steers the boat left.
a brunette woman slips out of a man's grasp and slides on the deck on her stomach.
ben leaves the workshop with duke, who escorts him down the side of the house to the gate.
featuring gandhi staring out to sea, his mind locked in reflection, and suddenly his head lifts, his eyes become alert, he is caught by some excitement which he weighs for a moment, then he stands, his manner suddenly tingling with optimism.
vogel raises the shovel above his head and brings it crashing down on indy, still hanging from the protruding gun.
the lid falls open and three boars fly out.
the activity has died down.
heeds his head after him.
on the other side of the desk sits sam gorlopis.
he hides them under his clothes.
theoden looks up as aragorn enters.
constanze has come into the living room.
evan and kayleigh run toward the smoke.
another is swung round by his scarf.
she stomps her foot angrily.
she allows a faint smile.
the mercenaries disembark laden with various weapons and bandoleers, including automatic rifles with telescopic sights.
edward shakes his head unambiguously.
on the seat beside him is a file with emily posa's details attached to it.
he rises in his stirrups, tall and proud, yelling in a clear, loud.
before he can protest, two women have grabbed him by the arms, pulling him in to dance with them.
we zoom toward her, even as angela poses in the window; we're clearly not interested in angela.
kyle hustles passed percy.
graham gently releases the handle.
mary beth, taking skeeter's place at hilly's table.
fergus feeds himself, then feeds more to jody.
evan is playing the piano with exuberance.
she bumps against the glass roof.
zus turns to leave the commander's hut.
dillinger shakes his head, his brow knit.
forrest continues to run faster as the metal braces and straps fly off his legs.
a woman sneaks into the room.
sandra is heaving the desk away from the door.
westley, lying there comfortably, his words quiet at first.
an explosion hits too close -- the boys scream as they run between houses -- and we track with them -- four boys racing through a neighborhood under siege -- power goes out -- and some explosions are much closer than others -- another big hit and they go to a back door of a house -- and go inside.
he giggles triumphantly.
outside, lumbering straight for the store, is edgar.
abby steps up.
he and lila exchange quiet glances.
will walks into the river, up to his knees.
godse swallows dryly, tension lining his face -- then he moves boldly out into gandhi's path, bumping manu, knocking a vessel for incense from her hands.
stacy grabs the guy's camera and looks up at his daughter through the telephoto lens.
the pup's ripped open a pillow and shredded clothes around the bedroom.
saruman and gandalf are seated in a small, cluttered room to the side of the cavernous central chamber.
jeep steps out holding a pistol.
he jumps about in.
as the bar rises, two big paint cans appear taped to it next to the weights.
it's being driven by a teenage blonde girl, alice.
she screams at him to get out.
he claws the werewolf with his talons and it slinks away.
david shakes jack's hand.
they run off.
a great column of jews of all ages make their way towards the area that will become the ghetto.
and so do the journalists.
a gaggle of reporters flock around the car as craggy-faced jimmy gordon opens the driver's door.
gale drives, gazing out at the road.
he looks tired and worried.
javert looks thenardier up and down.
he turns to face us and hollers.
carolyn stands in front of the mirror, wearing her suit once more, applying lipstick.
he murmurs hurriedly to himself, reading.
words and phrases are circled throughout the file.
she fingers the fabric of the back.
ryan takes out a large photo of a hugging couple stuck on a board.
her expression is tortured.
at the other end of the table, the red lines on the baby monitor begin to flash.
she's wearing a white t-shirt and green and white striped pajama bottoms.
harry touches his scar.
lt. dan pushes forrest away.
in the center of the alley stands maude lebowski, singing operatic harmony to the kenny rogers song.
most of the pictures are of will, starting when he was an infant and ending at his wedding.
taking hold of her hands, looks deeply into the child's moon face.
he turns and shouts at the goon, impassive as ever beside potter's wheelchair.
charlie watches in horror as the boy calmly realizes that his thumbs are missing.
two pretty girls have appeared on the distant roof.
widen to see that he's taken the necklace from overmyer's dead body.
buckbeak lifts his head, opens his beak and grabs a bat.
audrey shakes her head.
draco casts another.
david gives the girl money.
galadriel gives frodo a small crystal phial.
a gavel is struck and ramsay macdonald begins his opening address.
the sleek ford passes undetected in the alley beside them.
ezra, now sitting on the side of his bed in shadowy light, lowers the phone slowly from his ear and swallows hard.
she runs out of the room.
george notices a light in potter's office window, and races across the street.
peter dodges a huge punch.
butch leaves russell's old room through the red curtains.
many of the tents are on fire.
the old woman is waiting for him.
stepped closer and benjamin firmly clasps her torso.
parrish weighs the information for a moment.
she comes closer to him.
his face screws up and his eyes flicker.
we pan pete over to the shoulder where the car is stopped, its hood propped open.
each one produces a horn and a white up-key on the top.
lucius holds it up in triumph.
all the boys look.
hermione follows him.
canned laughter and miscellaneous chatter is heard from the television set.
harry goes upstairs as the guests arrive.
the man punches pete back in the stomach.
as the jeep passes the camera we pan with it and see the walls of a palace ahead.
george is out of the door by now.
randal sits up against the candy rack, rubbing his neck.
moody pulls a face behind her back.
the branch springs back.
fedora looks over at the men digging in a hole b.g.
gordon stares ahead and speaks without looking at jackson.
parvarti faces a huge cobra.
howard makes a mad dash for her.
she turns back and punches him full in the face.
she ignores the prompt.
carefully lifting up the stone, he reveals.
the fish is immediately partially paralyzed and drawn up towards the body of the jellyfish.
he continues looking at her.
ding!
unnoticed by the other three, graham pads softly into the kitchen and stops.
he turns quickly as the cloud of swirling dust gathers behind him.
taking a shelter behind a huge rock, harry sees his trusty broomstick zooming towards him.
her eyes move across the room, settling on a framed photo, on the facing wall, of a young, black, graduate student.
kevin and jane arrive soaking wet at a bar.
but the power of harry's wand fades and the dementors return to the attack.
in the early morning light he walks away from the big gray trailer.
one of the men cautions her.
pete strolls toward his blue sedan and pulls the keys from his pocket.
harry stares at his reflection and moves slowly towards it, hand out stretched.
frodo looks at sam imploringly.
the hacking escalates until another drink of water gets it under control.
michael looks up the hill and sees rambo.
mrs. robinson, now fully dressed and carrying her purse, passes through again and, without looking at ben, goes to the door of the hotel room, opens it and exits.
more children in costumes walk from house to house, some with mothers and sisters, trick or treating.
charlie and jeep fall back into the diner, the claw like hands still grasping charlie's arm no longer attached to their owners.
a houseman with a rolled-up carpet on one shoulder goes down a stone walk that winds through the back lawn, past a swimming pool to a garage.
luke leaves her to it.
mrs. boswell enters the classroom with andrea and immediately calls out to tommy, a tough seven-year old kid who swings a whiffle bat at lenny, now seven, a sniffling, chubby kid.
badly hurt.
his gown has two ties at the back above the waist.
sarah watches his arrival from the verandah.
gandhi plods on toward the kitchen, carrying the bowl of potatoes.
tearful, tom shakes his head and looks at nick.
she was calling him.
the boy turns to open the door.
the porter picks up the box.
willie tosses the keys away nonchalantly and keeps unlocking.
the people look at him silently, half shamefaced, but grimly determined on their rights.
then punches in some cupboard doors.
he goes down under the roots.
tracking on him as he runs down the broad front aisle, head whipping as he runs, looking up each perpendicular lane, searching for something.
zed's voice continues.
he drives by the apartment, but is stopped at the light on the corner across from teriyaki donut.
she reacts.
distracted the psycho serpent draws back.
juno and leah are walking through the mall, looking bored.
sandy shakes his head.
charlie sits on the passenger seat, cradling her baby and smiling down at him.
robbie waves back.
he sits with her.
his lips spread into a smile.
rita skeeter straightens her spectacles.
the shape stops in front.
the station wagon parks up beside some other vehicles outside a parade of shops and the family get out.
he looks up, expectantly.
the spell kills thicknesse.
butch, soaking wet, naked except for trunks, shoes and gloves, hops in the backseat, slamming the door.
she looks at the illustration.
another beat, then don storms off.
thelma pulls away.
he turns into a wide corridor licked by flaming torches, and hurries along until he reaches the top of a narrow flight of stone steps.
she rests on it.
he parries the knife blows, and grabs the guy's knife hand in a finger-breaking hold.
she sees the kitchen window over the sink.
the car peels out of the lot.
moves away from the railing with a faint smile on his face, and walks past two or three offices (camera with him) towards a glass door with number twenty-seven on it and three names: henry b.anderson, walter neff, louis l.schwartz.
arms and legs in a twisted, twitching mess.
his son picks up the receiver and studies it.
hree of the limbs doing the work, the fourth holding aunt may.
out comes the rest of the costume.
moody turns draco into a ferret.
men grab them both.
the track is invaded.
she locks the sliding glass door and starts to pull the vertical blinds shut, then stops.
ron helps harry to carry her inside.
five more letters lie on the path at their feet.
flint crumbles to nothing and washes away.
the wooden trap door explodes as a bullet is fired from within.
he motions everyone not to rise, and slips into a chair behind salieri, orsini-rosenberg and bonno.
he fires towards bond, hitting a woman, then scrambles over a barrier onto the racetrack.
both men fall out of the window.
the shades are closed and the room is dark.
harry looks shocked.
bellatrix creates havoc as she strides along a table top in the great hall.
he stands motionless.
the recruits follow zed out of the shooting gallery and into a long hallway.
smoke fills the plaza.
harry sees fleur being swallowed into the undergrowth.
as holly carries the quiche outside to the party, april comes back into the kitchen from another doorway.
her engagement rings shines brightly.
traffic is at a standstill.
the palantir rolls across the floor, causing everyone in the room to cower back.
he looks out through the timbers and sees the soldier with the bottle of spirits returning.
defeated, sarah turns and goes up the stairs.
aibileen looks mournfully at the photograph of the graduate student.
guns blazing.
his breathing is short and there is perspiration around the sides of his temples.
jules is the one who does the talking.
she gets even quieter, scarier and more in his face.
the tank trundles over the cliff and plummets to the bottom.
don drags himself up the stairs, puts down the typewriter and inspects the name tags by the bells.
summoned by pansy and blaise, a surly boy with short cropped hair, draco sits down opposite them.
she takes off her long sweater and drops it.
peter wraps his moped.
will gets out of the chevrolet, overwhelmed by the crowd.
lola dietrichson is one of them.
shocked, she turns to dutton.
a night stand filled with medicine, a blood pressure kit.
the two seekers follow, but the cowardly slytherin pulls out at the last moment as they plummet down head first.
it seems like every utensil and dish in the kitchen was used.
beaming with pleasure, fleur shakes dumbledore's hand and follows victor.
harry gives him a skeptical look.
it swings open to reveal a short, hairy, muscular but balding middle-aged man in a black t-shirt and black cut-off jeans.
then the sound of a piano being played with great feeling but a lot of wrong notes.
lupin takes the parchment, which now displays a rather unflattering caricature of snape and a pair of potions.
on the second floor, a man has entered the living room from a hallway door.
purvis takes another look at the body.
he comes out onto the fire escape directly above lisa.
spider-man drags the villain through a trellis and smashes him against another wall.
they swerve wildly through traffic.
carol has not ever heard anything like that before.
nick walks away somberly.
she gives no sign that she knows him.
several children in costumes are going door to door collecting their treats.
a player obliges.
sandy recovers on the other side, facing oncoming traffic.
street lamps illuminate the darkened street as they drive on.
he gestures for juno to follow him into the house.
from a rooftop nearby, spider-man sees the carnage.
the dark lord attacks a bank guard.
jeeps pushes the office desk against the back door.
ben appears as he slowly climbs the stairs.
in a swirl of black, bellatrix appears.
he loads the pistol and puts an earpiece in.
he spots willie putting the moves on a hot-bodied blonde at a pinball machine.
the pedestrians have scattered except for the old man, gasping for breath, hobbling on his walking stick, who eventually manages to disappear inside a building.
on the page is alyssa's senior year photo.
entering the room is a fat sixtyish man in a motorized wheelchair--jeff lebowski.
nazi soldiers run forward.
he walks out, bewildered.
then kim re-enters and plants a big kiss on alyssa's neck.
a tawny owl flies low over privet drive and drops a letter.
the snake moves closer.
down below, the gas pumps light up.
king george raises his arms in his magic-man stance, as fletcher advances with the rifle.
mrs. gateau opens a letter at the dining table.
he honks, trying to get around the jam.
we can see the brothel down the way.
he wears a turquoise bolo.
they look around.
he stays like that for a long time.
will finally breaks the silence.
he grunts with pain, hope and anxiety as he answers.
the fighter hurtles down the valley after them, perilously close to a rocky outcrop.
he unveils four mice.
gazing after him, the stranger drawls, savoring the words.
the rats literally wash over them -- like a rodent tidal wave -- in their efforts to escape.
ginny turns towards him.
she goes to the door and opens it.
we see joe tightly gripping his necklace locket in his hand -- then: crash!
the black choppers fly above a winding river, then a forest.
she holds up a pregnancy kit and he takes her in his arms, lifting her clean off the floor.
also blonde, with collar length hair, he leans forward and they kiss, as the snow falls outside.
dumbledore passes his hand over the shimmering surface.
she rises as he enters, crosses over to him, and throws her arms around his neck.
snape enters the bedroom in the house in godric's hollow and finds her dead, beside harry's cot.
rose opens a gate then dashes down the lower deck leading to the rear of the ship.
they both look up.
rick looks up from the book.
annie's car moves down a quiet little residential street and pull up in front of a two-story house set back from the street: the doyle house.
harry climbs onto the broomstick and steers it upwards.
the board is provoked and mystified by joe and even more by his presence, they cast meaningful glances at parrish, drew coolly grasps the irritation of the members.
a red checked mask comes into his mind and the inevitable spider's web.
she is staring at dark trees once more.
whip enters the room.
the children rush for the door.
one is the mustached young man.
they count piles of money with nobly skinny fingers.
three desks, filing cabinets, one typewriter on stand, one dictaphone on fixed stand against wall with rack of records underneath, telephones on all three desks.
they run to the side of the ship.
the disintegrating shield fills the skies with burning debris.
the figure is arwen.
she reaches out her hand and places it on his cheek, stroking it with her thumb.
walt opens the door to father janovich.
moments later, he and mr. bingley stride back into the drawing room, where mrs. hurst and miss bingley are waiting.
he peeks behind the painting, then removes it from the wall revealing a safe.
one of the policemen upholsters his gun and nods to someone whose back enters.
elsa rushes to donovan's side.
wormtail drops the pale, deformed creature into it.
he waits for a reaction, turns to walk away, then stops and comes back again.
benjamin hooks his cane on the end of his bed and gets in.
harry grins proudly.
jackson lands gordons hands on the throttle.
he calls an elevator.
malcolm scans the majestic room and finds what he's looking for in the last row of the church.
he goes back into the surgery where marley is lying on the table.
gatsby smiles and pats his hand against his leg.
fezzik, leading four great white horses.
jamal takes out of his pocket a creased photo of his hero, amitabh bachchan.
regina turns off the lights before joining them.
the butcher knife plunges into the shape's mid-section, right down to the hilt.
he stares at him arrogantly then, looking terrified, points over harry's shoulder.
he crawls down.
he leans over and kisses her cheek.
her knees are drawn up.
she cuts him off with a kiss.
his hands and face are bloody.
frowning, she looks down and pulls the heart of the ocean out of her jacket pocket.
a herd of horses has been being rounded up.
dudley goes on eating.
from the shadows pippin watches, aghast, as faramir is lain on a funeral pyre.
they sit at a table in the hotel dining room.
inside, lizzie is still gazing up at his portrait.
film jump cuts to a huge reinforced lab cage.
cross starts to reply, then there's the sound of a mariachi band and some men in formation clear a bluff about a hundred yards off.
later, the dark figure of professor snape sweeps into his classroom.
he sits up and puts on his slippers.
he pulls the book from elsa's pocket.
arbogast gets out.
chlidren chase past the bench, as the boy walks slowly towards it.
she pays, collects her purse and book, and rises to leave.
she takes the edward estlin cummings book from the shelf and flips through it as she walks back to elliot, who is still leaning by the stereo, still ruminating.
gandalf slowly reaches for the ring.
as he says this, nick leans over the counter and puts his left fist nearly in clarence's eye.
he misses hermione who takes aim.
leaning on his desk, he folds his arms.
evan gets up and starts running, then realizes he's not being followed.
when sam has finished he closes book, hands it back to norman.
a policeman untangles them, but eddie breaks free.
nigel comes in and studies the outfit she's wearing.
there is jamal, huddled by a pillar, waiting for her.
wallace lies wounded on the ground.
dancers begin to scream as they try to get off.
he picks up his hat.
holmes punches moriarty.
he walks in holding her.
benjamin, who now looks about 50, with shorter hair and new specs, wanders into the retirement home.
michal carries a bag of provisions and puts them on a table while szpilman goes immediately to the window and looks out.
kate dodges the traffic to follow her.
laurel is at the end of her rope.
the executioner stands, watching.
snow is falling thickly on square apartment blocks at night.
the daughter peeps back out and waves.
a screen actors guild card.
holly chuckles, looking off for a moment.
with malevolent intent in her eyes, she crosses to lizzie.
his head bobs and ducks, as if he is following some movement in the air in front of him.
marwan meets ferris on a corridor.
they enter a stone-walled room lit by a solitary oil lamp.
jack rushes over and pulls on a wooden bench nailed to the floor.
he looks around and sees ernie's taxi cruising slowly by.
peter walks closer and stops.
gebczynski leads the way in.
jackson and yuri climb down the steps, leaving gordon in the cockpit with sasha.
fergus begins to laugh, without knowing why.
they move fast across the alley, to a trailer locked with a padlock -- the dungeon.
obviously, she hasn't been away from the baby for a single moment.
at dinner, charlotte pats carlton's hand.
now, sandy and diana enter an upscale hotel lobby.
tears stream down his face.
sir george looks at him -- half defensive, half defiant.
he enters the marquis.
suddenly, the lights flicker and breen looks round.
juno's belly bumps up against mark.
the camera, leaving elliot, moves across the room, past a wall of framed paintings, a headboard and bed, a night table and lamp, revealing lee.
the uniformed captain with a craggy face and a mustache sits beside ryan, who frowns awkwardly.
a second man, wearing a bandana and a red shirt does likewise.
he kneels beside the boy pulling the plastic cable tying his wrists to a towel rail, light glinting on his wedding ring.
he looks at the girl with long, fair hair, now, floating alone.
they crash through the floorboards into the water below and trade blows.
the tall bree folk loom over the nervous little hobbits as frodo, sam, merry and pippin make their way through the narrow streets.
jane proudly holds the train of the ribbon repaired dress.
a long silence, just the sounds of the hospital, doctors being paged.
mike starts to climb out.
sam is looking up.frodo has disappeared around a corner in the lane.
morgan and bo are sitting on a bed, wearing pointy cone shaped hats made of silver foil.
snape's bloody hand slides down a window and falls limply to the floor.
with a storm of wings, the nazgul wheel around and hurtle towards mount doom!
her foot jolts out of the water.
wrapped in a shawl, daisy ambles up nearby.
he fingers the gun on his lap.
a car is blown up.
sidney cautiously opens the door of an office and peers in to see cuba staring back at him.
cherie looks from the royal family to tony, who is nodding in recognition.
at the wedding, people start to dance.
its door is being nosed open by an eagerly sniffing snout.
leah's room is cluttered with the sentimental junk that certain girls love to hoard.
reggie's hand opens it to a picture of a man -- the man we saw in grandpierre's photo.
she begins to cry.
she is quite flat-chested, and the dress hangs unattractively.
al-saleem studies the photo and narrows his eyes.
andy walks to the subway wearing a stylish green coat and shades, with white gloves on and a cute bag.
she glances at mike.
he goes on.
szpilman stands, jostled by the crowd, uncertain, forlorn.
jane rolls her eyes and exits.
outside, homer grabs a man and holds him hostage.
evan looks guilty, weakly shaking his head, it's not what you're thinking.
jenny goes upstairs.
gandhi looks up at azad, azad shakes his head solemnly.
the skin is dry and pulled away from the mouth and the teeth are revealed as in the skeleton's smile.
they get in nick's car.
now, zoe runs out of her bedroom and down the corridor chased by kate, who ambushes her coming out of the lounge.
carney offers a pen to the captain.
three boys, keith, richie and lonnie (from the playground) creep up to the edge of the sidewalk in front of the old house.
inside, harry sees a cavernous store room, stacked high with furniture and junk.
jerry, wade, and stan grossman sit around the kitchen table.
the ashram is only half-finished, the ground unworked, the buildings only partially completed and the whole looking like some primitive frontier outpost.
purvis stares, stunned, then opens a rear door.
eddie squirms out of his seat, eager to play, eager to go on winning.
she takes a gun from under the bed and slips it in her handbag.
melvin lets the elevator door close and advances on the mutt who has ignores him.
neff strikes a match for him.
pete pulls over as the fire truck passes in the opposite direction.
an old publicity photo hangs inside.
a limb removes octavius' shades.
frodo farewells sam outside bag end, and heads towards the front door.
sitting on her own, anna turns, peeking nervously over her shoulder.
viktor turns to zus.
she opens the door and steps into the hall.
he shuts the door on him and the smile disappears.
he walks and greets a group of identically dressed friends.
she self consciously adjusts her nightie.
walkie squawks and pa announcements as soldiers check their wrist bands.
benzion tries to pull them apart, but is shoved to one side.
he towers over them.
mystified, willie looks at it.
as he throws out his wrist to look at his watch a third title is supered beneath the first two: 8:45 p.m.
she looks at him, searching his face.
he opens the folder to reveal a young david in football uniform holding his helmet in the air victoriously.
whip forces a smile.
he and rose run through swinging doors into a white corridor, then stop.
a man comes over to them and holds their horse.
glen in the foreground, groggily rubbing his jaw; hi approaching menacingly.
vincent vega looks really cool behind the wheel of a 1964 cherry red chevy malibu convertible.
helen worriedly watches david watching them.
a prison door slams: we are close on one face, another slam, another face, and again and again in the rhythm of marching feet.
charlie shakes her head, this is all too much.
lisa turns from the suitcase with the alligator handbag in her hand.
the other two men just follow him with their eyes.
jack puts the tea and biscuits on the floor by the door.
gatsby gets up and gestures towards the dance floor.
they ascend.
mrs. halpern, startled, stares at the young kid skeptically as she absently continues toward the mailbox.
a number of files appear on the laptop in front of ferris.
when vincent is finished drying his hands, the towel is stained with red.
one is stuck in his sleeve, and he has to dance to get it out.
like bellatrix, hermione has a stand of long, black hair over her right eye.
henry looks over his newspaper at indy.
she watches the progress of geese flying through the sky overhead.
with a twinkle in his eye, dumbledore swings open the door.
he uses his sleeve to wipe condensation from the glass.
two men dive to the ground.
the szpilmans seated on the kerb.
whip takes out some money.
the french sisters approach him, they both in turn give him a kiss on the head.
walt looks up at the house.
he pulls it out quickly.
the two men point their wands at each other.
he is wearing a light grey suit and has his hat on.
mary is seated at the small desk, engrossed in figuring in a small notebook.
hannah walks over to the table, gathering up more food.
the camera moves back as doyle returns to his drink.
he is horrified by what he sees.
the huge waves tower over the satnam and head straight for the refugees.
clean-shaven with short, dark brown hair, he wears jeans and a shirt with the sleeves rolled up.
harry continues to shiver.
graph paper rolls out of a machine, and after a brief glimpse of the rolling paper, the camera moves over to show mickey lying terrified, without his glasses, on a couch, with electrodes stuck all over his head.
a stone archway filled with misty vapor stands on the mound.
he loses his nerve and sits up.
barnes rushes to the overturned ambulance.
szpilman and henryk stare at the scene, silent, shocked.
he stands on a street corner, staring up.
forrest plays ping-pong against a chinese player.
the nurse adjusts the drip.
jeff quickly lowers the binoculars and edges back a few inches.
harry reaches out.
she's sitting on a sofa, a dressing gown over her nightdress, reading.
rosenberg, the jewelry store owner, steps out of a cab in the meat-packing district, still carrying the ornate box and his beloved cat.
henry, sitting nearby, looks up from his book.
beckoned by a shadowy figure, harry moves to a doorway and enters.
he runs through a crowded restaurant and shots are fired taking down a bystander.
he raises his eyebrows and nods to her.
andrea hangs up the phone and walks into the next room.
eyes still locked on the set, hi takes her hand in his.
featuring walker, now too entranced by the ceremony, by the depth of layered emotions in gandhi and ba's voices and eyes to take any notes.
the creature gets hammered across the back with the baseball bat.
he pushes it away and starts for the kitchen.
for a second, the mask seems to disintegrate then snaps back into place.
he puts his left arm compassionately around the englishman, and reaches behind the man with his right hand.
there's also a small burgee of a fish with the initials a.c.below it, tacked onto the wall.
minnie presses a wet cloth to celia's neck.
five cars follow the motorcyclists along a dim street.
quirrell lurches towards the stone.
he stops and stares.
it ricochets off the ceiling and through the glass of an old pinball machine.
george looks surprised at this.
but he's smiling.
cal turns and walks off.
count rugen, crying out in fear and panic as the sword hits home dead center and.
the place is an italian restaurant with bar.
she looks at him hard.
each time it seems he's going to plummet to the ground, he shoots out another web and pulls himself along, again like tarzan swinging from vine to vine.
he removes a narrow ornamental case engraved with hebrew writing, a mezuzah, from the right-hand side of the door frame.
ron is taken aback.
neff sits slumped in his chair before the dictaphone.
voldemort runs his fingers over it, then snaps off it's handle.
kay gestures behind him, where the men in black are now using fire extinguishers to douse the flames they themselves started.
he stands up in the booth, looks around, moves about uncomfortably for a few moments, removes his jacket and carrying it folded across his arm in front of him, leaves the phone booth and crosses to the doors that lead to the main lobby.
extracting the cupcake from a soggy bed of scrambled eggs, he unwraps the tainted treat.
mrs. gump holds tightly onto forrest's hand.
alex reads the reply.
mr. cunningham sees the traumatized expression on cole's face and instantly stops smiling.
they speed off.
they continue kissing, unaware of the shape of a man on the stairway watching.
as jack sweeps up the coins, olaf grabs his collar.
forrest stands on his boat and looks at a deep orange and red sunset.
dyle and scobie stand together, waiting for the elevator, scobie clearly holding a gun in the pocket of his raincoat.
mrs. gardiner looks at lizzie.
vanessa purses her lips.
wade scowls, looks at stan.
dillinger leaves the kitchen.
she slaps her husband's cheek for looking.
others stare ahead dazed and incapable of movement.
elsa and indy exchange looks.
without taking his eyes off kate, nick steps back from the door, revealing an open-plan loft apartment beyond.
they're laughing and having a good time.
he points at the bag with the apples showing.
he wears a light summer coat and tie, despite the heat.
bond hands over his license to the cop who is wearing dark glasses at night.
disappointedly, jenny puts the bottle back in her satchel.
but tuvia's blackened face remains impassive.
including tex, busy going through the bureau.
draco pulls his briefcase from the luggage rack and heads for the door to the next carriage.
she enters the building.
hi holds the cornflakes box arrested in mid-air.
she moves away behind him, into the kitchen.
he sinks it in to the diadem.
the rest turn to look -- their minds are racing, all of them.
in the metal crow's nest, attached to a mast.
forrest picks up one shrimp.
tex takes the list, examines it, then folds it and puts it in his pocket.
she sits very close -- he tenses.
chewing on a plug of tobacco, he squares up to the three black guys.
he sniffs it.
snow falls on to the tars and turrets of the school.
he pulled her to a different section of the railing.
she gives him a shy smile.
his face is also erupting.
ben ignores him.
alyssa offers the 'just wait' finger.
she goes into the living room, glaring at her father.
lifting his gaze from his phone, he finds himself in the adjustment bureau warehouse.
as he opens the door all the way, she seductively slides her hands up the porcelain out of the water, then lifts one shapely leg and caresses the tub's rim with her foot.
nullah points and she turns slowly.
willie has discovered the master bedroom, by appearances long unused.
they make their way to a waiting train.
pete squeezes it and gives her a loving smile.
lydia and kitty are hurrying excitedly over to their house, longbourn.
diana blinks rapidly and shifts in place, then turns toward the checkout counter with an armful of products.
they get out of the carriage and run off hand in hand by the city wall.
he's taken out the ticket but there is a bit of bluster in his attitude and it is cut off by a cold rebuff from the european.
animated shadow puppets act out the story.
he watches her down the corridor.
for a moment we hold it in silence and then we hear the sound of an aircraft growing louder and louder.
concerned, leah looks over at kate who seems distracted, her eyes filling with tears.
she gives a little wave as ben steps outside.
maman watches as the children are fed a hot meal.
gittes kicks him squarely in the nuts, knees him in the jaw after he's doubled up, and hits him solidly.
she looks down.
he sweeps them sternly with his eyes, all his fatigue and strain showing.
he looks to the television which is not there.
he faces harry and prepares himself.
but after a few steps he turns around and starts back.
madril as he is cut down by an orc.
he begins to take them out, placing them on the desk, identifying each item as he does.
later, he sits on the bed in his room, hands clasped between his knees.
one policeman looks up.
what do you know, she did it!
in the market, ferris uses tongs to put pastries into a box.
he looks horrified.
a porter carries in a pair of suitcases as cal enters from the adjoining promenade deck.
she throws it back in one.
he leads the way and as he goes he picks up a cushion from a chair and a blanket.
fezzik, as he jumps forward with stunning speed for anyone his size and reaches for the man in black who drops to his knees, spins loose, and slips between the giant's legs.
the movie briefly holds on a ripped, red, paint-splattered door as elliot, wearing a raincoat, appears nearby.
dietrichson has poured some more whisky into his glass.
graham lifts his head slightly and stares angrily into the distance.
as indy falls through the hole in the wall onto rocks surrounded by bubbling, green, slimy liquid.
delmar reacts to the paper currency fluttering inside the car.
jack at the podium, town officials, including the local mayor sit on stage as well.
escobar shakes his head.
just as he reaches the door, neff calls to him.
a tan car pulls to a stop and dillinger and red climb out.
still looking at his thumb.
a full-scale nazi boat dock has been built inside the cavern.
a peeved looking anheuser turns slowly and takes the document from adrian's hand.
holmes stops a sprung switch.
debbie looks at pete.
holden pokes her.
the plant begins to move.
behind him, a decrepit bird with tatty orange feathers is balancing on a perch.
mr. daws sits beside him on a bench.
ben looks deeply moved and raises his clasped hands to his mouth.
nick walks over to them as they gently sway, then leaves them.
tight shot of the hitchhiker as the smile fades from his face.
jeff picks up the phone and quickly dials.
the apple has returned.
the wedding couples stand face to face.
one player suddenly erupts into a sprint, sidestepping opponents without losing speed.
malcolm demonstrates by holding up his arm to shield his face.
they look around nervously, their breath visible in the icy air.
george runs off as potter looks up from his work.
the endtable lamp lies between them, its shade off to cast big shadows on the wall.
before he can say anything more.
now valjean and cosette are running - down narrow alleys, into small dark courtyards, not knowing which way to turn.
tom looks at gatsby.
dark-haired caroline looks away pensively, then gently takes daisy's hand in her own.
when she reaches it, he's disappeared.
he puts the purple elephant back and picks up a pink one.
and slithers along the floor away from harry still clinging to the hammock.
they huddle on the stairs in reverent silence.
who drains it, and tosses it over his shoulder.
more troops dismount from the back of the lorry.
harry sits outside the tent, studying his piece of broken mirror.
half hidden by clouds, the moon casts a faint blue light.
she stands a few feet away in her dressing gown.
they back fearfully away from the approaching beast.melting into the darkness.
looking around, he cautiously enters the back gate.
harken jogs up in a mismatched designer track suit.
the attackers bludgeon defenseless men and women.
even in sleep, carolyn looks determined.
nat is behind the bar, putting tooth-picks into olives which he takes from a bowl and arranges in a row on a plate.
the dusty plains have been replaced by rivers, lakes and islands.
troubled.
he walks, tray in hand, to a private door, over which abdul, a large, burly man, stands guard.
bielski's eyes bulge, and he holds a finger at koscik's head like a pistol.
oliver smiles, amused.
a tiny head pokes out from the pile of black ash.
indy bursts through the front door holding the cross in his hand.
she leads kate by the hand.
as george leaves the room, the telephone in the hall starts ringing.
a sheet of flame blocks his way.
charlotte grabs lizzie's arm.
rick looks out of the window and sees ilsa at the linen bazaar, then laszlo walking toward the cafe.
the car exits the tunnel at top speed and veers off the road.
the hulking man leans to dillinger's ear.
gandalf as he spurs shadowfax forward!
a grand boulevard with palm trees along strips of grass running between the lanes of traffic.
with nothing restraining him, scobie lurches forward, tumbling past the gun, his momentum carrying him onto the sloping part of the roof, where he begins sliding down.
bond brakes hard causing the metal to rip his door open sending the aston spinning down the road in front of the truck.
george comes out of the bank into the falling snow.
morgan raises the monitor above his head.
joseph looks up, tears streaming down his cheeks.
hagrid skims a stone.
two other men help him up, while another hands the man his drink.
indy smiles slyly as they fall to the bed.
she lowers her legs.
she pushes him onto the couch.
harry stops to let two girls pass, and sees draco in an open carriage with seats either side.
frodo enters bag end.he immediately pauses, sensing that something is amiss.
lizzie hurriedly opens the next letter.
the doors of the trucks are closed.
he nods confidently to drew, then turns importantly to the board.
aibileen holds out her hand to skeeter.
the other police, two plainclothesmen and a uniformed officer, watch them.
glen nods energetically.
the two men stare at each as we hear.
robbie looks at cal.
it is festooned with stokes banners showing the candidate holding high a broom.
joseph is clearly pleased.
lt. dan pulls himself out of his chair to the railing and jumps into the water.
he speeds along a dual carriageway, his spotted hospital gown flapping in the breeze.
in his bedroom, jacob leans over hannah, who lies back on the bed.
the rumpled figure lays down on the bed.
jack looks from cal to the descending boat.
the grandfather snaps the book closed.
she resumes absently, but her voice trails off.
he looks up as evan rolls along and his eyes brighten to see evan.
a free-for-all erupts as everyone lunges for the cash.
rose grimaces as ruth tightens the laces.
boromir looks towards elrond and gandalf.
they all are calm.
as the camera rises we see we're in the place de la bastille.
indy and elsa creep past a room full of nazi soldiers working around a large table with a map atop it.
watson looks around and sees a pair of ear defenders hanging on the wall.
dog stops, turns and looks at her, then bounds happily back.
forrest looks up into the sky as the rain stops.
he watches a young woman who is staring at her cellphone.
driving.
octavius strides over, and one of the limbs lifts spider- man and suspends him in mid-air.
wick stands, the glass of whiskey in his hand, startled taut at the sight of don who comes in, not too steady on his feet.
she dips the stick into the fire.
carrying bags and baskets, the people scramble up a slope.
they smile up at him.
a magnificent creature stands in front of them.
his face is expressionless as he walks away.
an almost undiscernible light in the far distance, a neon sign blurred by the rain-sheeted windshield.
harry gets busy in the kitchen.
as she passes broadside we cut to: as boat passes.
valjean holds up a dagger.
two rose-and-gold little girls lie in sleep; bart's hands enter the shot and gently rearrange the covers so that their mouths and throats are free.
they sit down to discuss the matter in earnest.
behind the counter, a black man named percy walker (60's) is cooking up a storm on the grill with spectacular one-handed dexterity.
the passengers move forward to the tracks.
one man is so enthusiastic he trips and falls in a water trough.
the colonel just stands there, looking at lester.
john and billy walk through town past the tall clock tower of city hall.
for a moment, jeff looks desperate.
the bridesmaids wear cerise.
elise turns down a street behind the bus as it pulls over.
red leans, sweating and bloody, in the corner of the back seat.
laurie rises into frame, holding herself erect by grasping the door frame.
he leans his head morosely against the doorpost.
edgar drops the truck into gear and follows him, slowly, trolling along behind him.
gandhi glances from one to the other them -- absorbing the inconceivable.
a little boy in overalls comes up and takes her hand.
the dude is stupefied.
the subhead tells of a plan for a giant jubilee and parade, to be followed by a banquet, in honor of commander harry bailey, u.s.n.
lavender runs out, as hermione takes ron's hand.
maguire is sitting where he sat before, stock-still.
the great lawn infested with workmen, planting stakes, un- rolling a huge canvas tent, gardeners fashioning topiary and adding landscaping of their own, crews setting up platforms, speakers, lights.
noises emanate from the stricken carriage almost as if some angry beast were charging around inside it.
bob looks at gabriel.
standing in front is a tiny man with the most angelic face.
a horse-drawn cab rounds a corner and clatters down the street.
the brothers help asael out into the sunshine,
harry grabs ron's outstretched hand and manages to scramble back inside the car.
he looks her in the eye and gently slides her coat off her shoulders.
as the man's jacket flips up, elijah sees under it a silver gun with a black grip.
buttercup is alongside the bed; her eyes never leave his face.
vanessa, loaded down with shopping, comes into her pristine white kitchen.
the g-man ducks behind a wall as bullets pepper its surface.
as the moonlight touches his face, his eyes turn green and his face distorts.
daisy rests her head in gatsby's lap and follows his gaze to the window and beyond.
he struggles to hold a chain over his head.
he opens refrigerator and takes out two beers.
salieri, in this vast room, is standing and looking at the full score of the serenade.
the grail knight holds his sword out to indy.
the moped guy has to stop.
the sea gulls take to the wing in flight.
their backs are turned to indy and henry.
hermione looks flustered.
miss torso is lying, face down, on her divan bed.
she looks.
water swamps the base of the first funnel as it sinks below the ocean's surface.
the room is still.
sitting a few feet away, jack sketches them with a stick of charcoal.
a man in an office looks up at the duct as noises emanate from it.
graham turns his sleepy eyes away from the screen to merrill.
new york city is completely deserted.
the alien lowers its hand over morgan's face.
number 12, a tall terraced house, slides into position.
zus offers her a sip from his hip flask.
she runs her hand over her hair and sighs.
we see a group of young boys on top of a snow-covered hill.
similarly producing a long wooden match.
retreating into the moria chamber as many coiling arms seize the large doors.
thao comes in through the back door,
she bends down and picks up a plastic take-away bag.
delmar doggedly shakes his head.
he manages to rise.
he walks off fast as we dolly behind them; he leads pearl, who hugs her doll.
he drags his trunk down the stairs.
she starts crying.
he raises her to her feet and leads her toward the bed.
in the black we hear snuffling, growing louder, closer, slobberier.
as they look down, camera tilts.
the pilot holds up a bottle of champagne.
ron and lavender run into the cloister.
forrest steps over to a young man as the crowd looks at the demonstration.
it crashes in a shower of sparks and embers that obliterates big dan teague.
szpilman shakes his head sadly.
now, they exit the school and walk side by side, both wearing mischievous grins.
encaged in the cab, mary jane looks around nervously.
he crosses over to her.
abby takes the glass and drinks.
carolyn switches the tape off and puts the gun in her purse.
we now see rick's face and he's very drunk.
a man in a black suit bows as he opens the door leading to the grand staircase.
he remains in the courtyard looking back at her.
a tall, narrow shooting-frame; right and left thirds of screen are black.
a lone figure stands on the flat roof of a tall manhattan building.
as indy fights with the turk, he becomes aware of the speedboats behind him and two enormous freighters ahead of him, joined together by two giant ropes.
her rare steak is covered with flies.
a quiver of distaste at his own act crosses his face as gandhi sags.
he drops the books on the floor, picks up a can of gasoline and pours it on the books.
daisy and tom look up at henri.
constanze drops him a shy curtsey.
inside, a man waits by the doorway with a gun at the ready.
for a brief second, denethor seems to hesitate, then.
joe is half asleep, but also stunned.
lynn covers her face with her hands.
harry slowly walks towards it.
mark nods and sits down.
events run in reverse order.
marius goes.
the crowd starts to jump up to see, and the flower petals begin to float in the sky.
walt's silver star is still pinned to his t-shirt.
szpilman just stares at him.
he looks over to elijah as he waits for a voice on the other end.
she reaches the door.
a fiery baton remains mid-twirl, flames locked in place.
he's attacked and gets held down, he pushes ron and the girl towards the surface.
they hug and slow dance in the street.
as watson retreats and reloads, holmes shoots a guard dead.
she walks into the kitchen and benjamin looks up.
some chairs, tables, and a barbecue have been set up in a clearing nearby.
he drags the soldier's body out of sight.
peter sadly turns from her and slowly walks away.
she slowly shakes her head.
the ring.glinting on the floor.gandalf circles around it, a puzzled look on his face.
she sits down; he joins her.
a husky man looks down at him.
a car pulls up behind dil and fergus.
they both stand awkwardly for a moment.
all three stop to listen.
she presses a button and the back window moves down.
remus looks out into the night.
on the boat deck, passengers crowd around the remaining lifeboats.
edwards twists in his chair, to get a better look.
rambo rips the guy's stomach open.
he glances back at sadie.
david twists around to look at the other end of the bar.
a blue computer chip at the top of the synthetic spine glows, then a series of pins slide into his skin.
he sits at a table with a drink, and watches eddie pass him by on the way to the bar.
tony hears the screams before the line goes dead.
sarah has been drinking.
sea gulls are shredded by the messerschmidt's whirling propeller blades into a feathery white puree that splatters against the cockpit and clogs the.
on various floors, doors open, tenants put their heads out to see what's going on.
diana tosses the snake away and shakes her hands.
he is extremely tense, a lump in his throat as he is  trying not to let the anxiety immobilize him.
he takes note of eddie's presence with a quick dart of his eyes.
the skies burst into thunder, seared with lightning.
meanwhile, laszlo looks about with apparent casualness.
still wearing his trousers, he lies between her open legs.
and as he stares, tears come to his eyes.
fleur follows.
she smiles at the memory.
the elder one admires herself in a mirror.
nervously, mozart indicates her.
fergus looks from dil to the girls as they approach.
harry runs bare foot down the stone stairs towards a pile of presents on the christmas tree.
snape steps forward alarmed as the goblet of fire flares once more.
has to do the same, slowing.
ron has an arm round their small son, hugo.
tape is rolled around the top of a stick.
daylight falls through holes punched in the fuselage by another burst from the fighter.
she empties a round and stands there, exhilarated.
aragorn's eyes fall to a plain black scabbard, which elrond draws from beneath his robes.
with the heel of his shoe, he kicks at the right rear taillight of the car.
they leave ronnie and jason alone.
fletcher grimaces and drover falls to the ground with nullah.
he tosses a woman at spider-man who swoops down, catches her then deposits her into a web safety net.
he turns to the full-length mirror.
the sparkler dies as light begins to reveal joe, who slows -- peers around the dirt tunnel bend -- he is now on the other side of the space.
carlos stares at evan disinterestedly as evan makes up his bed on the top bunk.
slowly shakes his head, a great sadness in his eyes.
the boy shakes it, and abby stiffens.
the brothers suddenly bolt.
she's wearing a long tee-shirt with a picture of fred flintstone on it.
alice is still dangling, motionless, upside down.
they scatter out of shot; ruby lingers.
he walks down a corridor.
the boozy soldier has gotten to sarah first.
she pulls the rug off the corpse (which is not visible) and stands looking into the car, unable to take her eyes off what she sees, while at the same time her hands mechanically begin to fold the rug.
he knocks the gun from her hand and slaps her.
he considers the sleek black thoroughbred leaping in its enclosure.
she looks at the empty closet, grins, and closes the doors.
howard keeps the tape running as holden and matthews race to the president.
he takes the baby in both hands and holds him out at arm's length, pointing him at the various places of interest.
they have collected quite a crowd.
lower-lower-middle class house, set against woods.
jeff is thoughtful for a moment, then he relaxes and smiles a little.
slow motion: aragorn raises his sword in answer.
he exits -- simon puzzled and concerned.
two firemen cross.
ruby leaves the shot.
they reach her scooter.
as he passes, he casually snatches a handful of car keys from the parking valet key-box and moves on.
it is a flannel-shirt woodsman carrying a double-edged axe over one shoulder.
he holds his rate book partly open, with a finger in it for a marker.
snape and lockhart draw their wands and solemnly salute each other.
indy, sallah, henry and brody creep forward to see.
fighting the urge to panic.
the policeman forces jamal's head into a bucket of water.
joe and his father, in civvies, sit beside each other at the counter.
he looks back at them through his old-fashioned, black- rimmed specs.
the grimy-faced boy, about eight years old, wears tattered overalls.
sandy shoots diana a wide-eyed stare.
he looks at the medal he had give to jenny.
reverberant sounds of barking break the sound barrier and the image of aryans storming the cell behind him become a frenetic blur.
they split into two groups, going either side of the herd.
bikini-wearing tess gets soaked at a car wash.
she adjusts herself.
annie comes in again from the kitchen.
hannah, her hands clasped near her face, glances briefly at carol.
taking off his helmet, he strides out of the cloud of smoke.
she reaches an upper floor, and comes across miranda and her husband.
marge looks at him.
george is seated before a wood-burning stove before which his clothes are drying on a line.
it glides of backwards and makes it way down a different tunnel.
a woman comes over to evan and hands him some wine.
he draws a knife.
the letter is passed surreptitiously down the line of women workers.
the picnic is set on a lovely spot, high on the edge of a mountain path with a view all the way back to the sea.
unable to see clearly, she puts on the glasses again, looks, and touches up her lips slightly.
phone to his ear, harry downs another drink, sits up.
jack glances back, nods, then follows rose.
we move out of the door and toward the pool.
he stops rigidly and looks back.
he throws the full trash bag into a gray plastic bin with wheels and starts pushing it.
their hands hold packages up to her.
he gawks at his own folly, covers his mouth with his hand and looks up at preacher stiffens, relaxes, and chuckles softly.
a woman at a table with a man stares at her and grunts.
gandhi in the center of the wildly cheering crowd, the camera pulling back and back.
she turns and walks towards the restaurant entrance.
he writes something on a pad of paper and tears it off, handing it to her.
rows of parked cars spill out from the driveway onto the streets.
on its impact with the pins, the dude opens his eyes.
his eyebrows twitch and he looks around.
suddenly there is a gasp - he starts to choke violently on a fish bone.
stella lifts her left hand, and looks fondly at her ring finger.
series of shots as four or five boys make the slide down the hill and out onto the ice.
he dials a number on his cell phone.
he takes the plate of spaghetti over to where kate is sitting at the far end of the table and sets it down in front of her.
the air is filled with dozens of hushed.
peter looks thoughtful.
meanwhile, don thrusts the bottles in the bag.
now back on the surface, joe, alice and cary join troops on a street in town.
names are scrolling by as hal stares blankly at the screen.
he's delighted when she takes it.
he walks back to his mirror and grins.
he looks up as gollum lunges at him.
now from behind the struggling wings comes a spurt of blood.
sees all the eyes on him.
jeep lowers his eyes.
the camera travels with it, and we see, in a close-up, that she is a man.
benjamin sits down opposite the desk.
he reaches into the car and begins to drag out the body by the armpits.
he takes cell phone photos of a mirror aimed at his spread butt cheeks.
he is staring over at her, his face dispassionate.
lindsey turns around and looks for tommy.
angela looks at jane, trying not to laugh.
morgan sets the white-headed silver torch on the ground and rolls it across to his father.
gittes is now groveling on his hands and knees.
he closes the book and stares ahead.
her face haggard and weary, she sits back down by her younger, weeping pa.
they look at each other in horror.
lupin steps between, snaps his wand.
he sheds a tear.
neff gets out.
hermione is pinned to the floor.
she turns, gives him a light kiss on his cheek, as if she's telling him to be patient.
he is not finished yet.
as ray bones sits down, harry moves to the blinds and opens them.
at last the salesman is seen coming along the corridor.
the boys bow and leave like boys used to household discipline.
a brass crucifix stands between two candlesticks on an altar.
they stare at one another: constanze in total disbelief.
we stay on eddie, who examines the lighter in his hand.
he pours, snaps it down; weak-defiance.
graham keeps hammering as he speaks.
nate's shoulders sag and he heads back into the bedroom and turns out the light.
it's too late, and the deusenberg hits myrtle.
soaked to the skin, they find shelter in a long tunnel under the road.
harry throws flue powder into the fire.
uncle vernon wags his car key in harry's face.
michael gives him a comforting pat.
frederick laughs; their embrace gets tighter.
on the floor is the dude's brilliant rug.
she smiles shyly.
cosette holds the wrought-ironwork of the gate with both hands, eyes on marius.
the triumphal column has long been completed, but the great elephant is sadly dilapidated and has become incorporated into an immense barricade - three stories high, seven hundred feet long.
she smiles, thinks for a moment then shakes her head.
he slowly reaches inside his jacket, then whips his hand out again.
he leans in, close, furious.
drew takes a seat.
across the great plains -- mount doom is clearly.
jean lies bound and curled on the back seat underneath a tarpaulin.
forrest looks up at lt. dan as he is wheeled away.
debbie walks over with jason.
bubba lies in his bunk and looks up quietly.
some realization is dawning on susan, it renders her lightheaded.
the football coach, the assistants, and alabama players cheer for forrest.
a horse and cart filled with trunks pulls up at netherfield.
sydney's name is taped on a number of guest lists.
his vision clouded.
uncle vernon grabs him round the waist.
valjean leaves and goes into his own bedroom.
an older woman peers out through some of that curtains.
as he leans over to whisper in her ear fantine, surprised, pricks her finger with her needle.
it seems to be stuck.
luke looks both startled and pleased as she flutters her eyelashes at him from behind the fan.
don takes it out, goes into the entrance hall and even though mrs.
theoden looks up at eowyn.
peter pulls up the mask, ripping it across his contorted features.
the well-dressed ladies pull on their high-heeled shoes and boots.
night watchman looks after him, relocks door, follows to elevator.
humperdinck, doing his best to hide the fear that keeps building inside him.
he runs to spider's souped-up honda in the street.
from a window across the street, a man aims a gun.
trailing in their wake comes holmes, astride a very small pony.
jeep wears a hang dog expression.
they appear to be very much in love as the music plays.
he takes a swig of vodka and comes face to face with szpilman.
the welding doesn't go well.
a white coated man carrying a clipboard, who has been standing by the other figure, walks towards david and is replaced by other medical staff.
percy turns away and leans a rifle over his arm.
forrest looks around and notices something and bends down to get a clear view.
lester gets up and starts after jane, taking his plate with him.
she steps in.
peter watches through a window as a crash team try to revive harry.
zed continues addressing the recruits.
peter having fun with red headed mary jane and crawling up a wall like a spider.
from a high angle we see the dude hurtling down toward the city, dragged by the ball.
they descend a few steps.
the rain pours down on forrest and bubba as they sit in a foxhole.
he joins the passengers through a side door.
as reggie hauls off and kicks gideon full in the shin.
tonks, remus, and mr. weasley join them on the island.
she looks gorgeous.
kyle puts the gun in his waistband and runs over to them.
minnie looks nonchalant.
shrink in their seats as the messerschmidts (going three times as fast as they are) scream past on either side.
an oil wales come to a stand still.
mary is very different no buoyancy in her walk, none of mary's abandon and love of life.
holden is transfixed.
his teeth are set; he means business.
jody isn't smiling anymore.
ricky enters to discover barbara standing in the middle of the room, clutching a dish, frightened.
ba, inside the jammed coach, finds it very unfunny.
eddie leans back against the wall and shuts his eyes.
he starts to put on his wristwatch.
at the buchanan's, tom, gatsby, daisy, nick and jordan sit around a dining table.
grimsrud climbs out of the passenger seat as carl climbs out of the driver's.
lupin points his wand and the parchment folds itself up and becomes blank.
the film shows the bedroom night table, holding a small lamp, a wooden box, a cast-iron fire truck, an ashtray, and glasses.
he turns, glancing at the empty table for defense counsel, and then to gandhi.
thelma and louise are staring at each other intently.
an operator speaking into a headset.
the european and the conductor push open the door and stride in.
ron almost slips off his broomstick as he heads for the opposing goal.
the cops glimpse the cars speed over a bridge.
the scarves flutter around her.
dillinger frowns, shifts in his seat, and squarely faces billie.
jeep closes his eyes.
out on the street, peter jives down the road, making shooting gestures with his fingers at any pretty girl who walks by.
the squad car is screeching into the lot.
they have a little fire near to a stream.
bailey closes the door on george and turns back to potter.
abby watches, smiling.
a precocious kid, 8, sits with his parents.
she leans forward to read what's popped up.
lila moves closer, studies the book as sam signs in.
she tosses it to harry, now back to himself.
he smooths it back with his hand.
he lies on his stomach by the pantry door.
the wind blows wisps of straw across the room.
malfoy, along with crabbe and goyle, lurks within a grouping of monolithic menhirs, binoculars in hand, spying on hagrid, who stands in the pumpkin patch, tossing dead ferrets to buckbeak.
a cat scuttles swiftly between their bare legs, as they reach the salon door.
the old man comes down the library steps.
she wears no stockings, no nothing.
walt doubles up.
dropping the lighted match into the oil-slick water.
he slowly lowers himself into the tub.
they pass a train and head into new york city.
as ruth steps up, rose taps jacks arm.
as she heads across the ford, rocks and potholes on the riverbed jolts the car.
he extends both pincers to the sides, and, my god, his reach must be twelve feet across.
charles grabs a roll.
benjamin goes over to her worktop and picks up two russian tea glasses and their holders.
nick stares at the silver pencil resting on the blank page.
sue also wears a turban-like headdress.
the night sky is reflected into the water.
bob grabs kyle's arm.
he reads it.
turning at the last moment, he cuts straight into the corn.
he moves closer to her.
jeff's eyes become set upon something else in the neighborhood he sees.
the guys look toward their wives and wave.
the picnic is spread as before.
griphook takes something from an opened wooden crate and hands it to ron.
with hi still advancing, glen starts to run.
aunt marge looks fearfully into his eyes.
queenie takes tizzy's hand.
perfectly motionless, he stares at the campfire.
whip crosses his arms.
harry passes a long line of people, being treated.
the corsac leaps down onto her floor.
pete and debbie are talking.
merry and pippin hurriedly gather their booty and race away.with frodo and sam on their heels.
startled, he gets up and walks out.
ollivander looks away, and eases back a little.
at night, john arrives home in the volvo with marley.
as usual, he's dressed conservatively.
she looks stunned.
butch gets one of his boxing gloves off.
he stands as the boy continues to stare before being ushered away by his mother.
filch climbs a ladder.
jenny gets out to help as traffic streams past.
it heads towards harry.
it breathes fire and looks up towards a pinprick of light high above.
billie irritably shifts her gaze, then glares at him and yanks on her coat.
king george and nullah walk hand-in-hand across the grassy plain, towards the mountains in the distance.
a taxi pulls away from the curb as mickey and holly walk out of the hotel through its revolving doors.
walt looks singularly unimpressed.
swooping over hogwarts castle, the hippogriff glides down towards the dark tower where sirius is imprisoned.
don sweeps past to meet his entourage, leaving brian standing to one side at the entrance.
more men join the chase.
in the reading room, thompson leads his team to the peripheral walkway, then the door.
nick reaches out and wipes a spot of cream from the right side of kate's mouth.
michelle's husband, dan, watches a box jellyfish in adult ben's tank.
the newlyweds are arguing.
sue is lying in bed.
behind him a line of robed singers lengthens steadily as people stream out of the woods.
the two girls walk back down the aisle.
their faces brighten.
he is followed by ernie, and about twenty more townspeople.
leaving lockhart's room, harry stops as he hears the voice again.
waiting for his drink, he looks amiably around the bar.
forrest runs into the end zone as an opposing player dives at his feet.
the tail-gate is opened to reveal a huge load of furniture, linen, clothing, mirrors, carpets, bedclothes.
dot is wearing slacks, heels, and a scarf over her hair.
but the g-men step right past, realizing he's inside, and cross the street.
the dark silhouette of a man approaching from out of the spectral light.
he bends down, sucks half of it, then lifts the glass, drains the rest.
as the smoke clears, the sphere is completely intact.
a brief open space separates him from a stairwell; he dashes across as gunfire redoubles and plunges down the stairs.
a butler walks to the door and opens it to reveal indy and elsa standing outside in the rain.
a be-suited man with shoulder length silver hair stands at a window staring out over the city.
ron turns the car and accelerates.
thorwald at the door, unlocking it with his key.
bottles lie everywhere.
she walks away into the cafe as rick stares after her in stunned disbelief.
kyle looks away thoughtfully.
she considers, annoyed.
formed -- but here, as he is being hugged by his father, joe looks down: something in his pocket is moving -- he considers it, confused for a moment -- but he reaches in and pulls it out.
mary turns, looks out the window.
the man hands sydney a small ziploc bag of white powder.
slowly he moves his mouth towards hers lightly brushing her lips.
he closes the cupboard.
the dark morgul valley disappears up towards the mountains.
a moment later, the orkin van pulls to a stop across the street.
pulling a dress out of the basket, sandra looks up to see on the sheet in front of her.
he heads upstairs and along a corridor.
the dude puts on his dripping sunglasses.
with mj firmly in a grasp, octavius uses the other three to stride away.
as gandhi reaches the podium, patel gestures him to it.
david returns his eyes to the stage, where a dancer tosses elise into the arms of another.
it's purely academic at this point since the hulls of the two freighters loom up on either side of them like cavern walls.
he gazes at her through tearful eyes and looks away.
neff moves off through the shrubbery toward the side of the house where he parked his car.
evelyn sits at a glass-topped table.
gandalf rallies the line of bowmen as they wait in front of the great doors.
he holds up the right hand.
he reaches across and pulls her to him, burying his face in her head.
benjamin, who wears a woolen hat, glances back at daisy.
kate serves her pancakes.
dr. redfield leads evan inside.
now, camera following, she goes into the salon.
hagrid rides his motorbike up into the air, forcing moody to duck.
he presses jessica's name on the contact list on his phone.
en-joo's bloody carcass is hurled to the ground.
the green light glows brighter for a moment.
he sees he manuscript on the table, and goes to it eagerly.
the old man puts his arm around him and starts his stories.
nelson sends a spray of bullets back at the pursuit car.
david pinches the bridge of his nose.
he pulls away, gazing into her eyes, and kisses her again.
hannah takes a jacket on a hanger off the rack and looks at it.
karen and chili exchange a look as they follow her into.
emily walks on slowly past her neighbor's profusion of colorful roses and begins to fight for breath.
for a moment he is lost behind the wall that separates the kitchen recess from the living room.
as aragorn readies brego for leaving eowyn approaches.
meanwhile, viktor plods along in his steady boots, carrying his wand.
the flames of the burning torches around the hall gradually die down one by one.
indy's face is pressed up against the lens of the periscope.
lucius malfoy is also there, with voldemort, who examines the skin on his own forearm.
griphook lies dead, still clutching the sword of gryffindor.
mrs. hatch is at the top of the stairs.
she watches him, smiling very faintly, her long, fair hair falling back from her white forehead, and the light making a silver line of her profile, emphasizing her aquiline features, as she stares steadily up at him.
the wheels and stanchions of a zimmer frame are plunked on the rocky ground.
beyond the outliners their side of the highway is empty.
brody approaches as the last of the students leaves the lecture hall.
she faces the man, shielding her mouth with her hand.
carney peers through the slats of his sun-blinds as sarah rides up.
the crowd yells for forrest.
move along the red tiled roof and down to a lower level of the roof where gittes' feet are hooked over the apex of the roof and gittes himself is stretched face downward on the tiles, pointing himself and his camera to a veranda below him where the girl and mulwray are eating.
later, in a garage, dillinger sits across from a gunsmith as he disassembles a tommy gun.
phyllis looks at him sharply, sideways.
the ball guests huddle on the colonnaded verandah of the house where carney holds court.
charlotte glances towards the door and then at constantine, who has not heard the knocking.
john goes to get behind the wheel as jenny tearfully strokes her dying pet.
holmes is outside in a balcony, drinking from a hip flask.
the girl strides into an office as an official stamps a docket
harry throws off the cloak.
a crewman fires a flare into the night sky.
he magics narcissa's wand away.
the locket remains firmly closed.
the stout, scruffy balding man throws down his spade and takes off his hat.
a solitary figure sits on the boat.
jack turns away and marches out of the house, leaving joe looking bleak.
lizzie looks grateful for his departure.
he uses his flashlight to see.
they are walking in the snow.
utterly stunned.
edwards picks up a small yellow ball from one of the shelves.
we see from walker's point of view an indian woman walking along the road, leading a tall camel that carries sacks of produce.
her mother smirks as jenny strides off on the garden path.
and to whom he's saying it.
a burly man sits down beside her.
then she looks down at the letter once more.
mother dashes out of the kitchen.
at the office, she picks up her messages.
peter's head swings to one side, then he turns to face harry.
she starts toward the kitchen.
he sees snape humiliated by his father.
he looks at fergus.
neff, behind him, stands leaning against the false mantel, completely dead-pan.
they pull up to their house, shut off the car and sit for a beat, knowing they're about to head back into the stress of the real world, not wanting their peaceful, loving time to end.
brian takes a note from his blazer pocket.
on the dance floor, alex and ryan face each other and shout.
on the opposite side of the room, lizzie catches his brooding stare and is, for the briefest moment, affected by it, before she quickly composes herself and turns to colonel forster.
the fight begins.
using an oar the crewman prods several stiff corpses.
he raises the guns to fire.
with a sympathetic shake of the head, he climbs up into the carriage.
she slumps against a door frame in relief.
the children come to a railway siding where they chase a departing train.
although his hand clenches on the cue.
walks back to the food tray, where she unscrews the cap on the floor cleaner.
jenny walks down a corridor carrying her blazer and satchel.
as the russian commander moves on, zus and his men fall in with the russian foot soldiers.
so he pulls the fork.
thwak - hi's fist swings into frame to connect solidly with glen's jaw.
just then, from the direction of the entrance door, there is the noise of a key being turned in the lock.
allison looks at carl, disappointed.
john and pearl flank rachel, clinging to her wide skirts.
his movements are easy and full of ginger.
a line of soldiers carry a casket about their heads.
marcus shoves willie.
she removes her long, red scarf from around her neck and walks over to the answer machine.
fezzik, as the man in black turns him over, puts his ear to fezzik's heart.
with two webs attached to two limbs octavius manages to catapult spider-man towards a covered walkway.
he emerges from the tent in thick furs with a climbing ax and a rope wrapped around him.
ricky approaches him, wearing a waiter's uniform, carrying a tray of empty glasses.
filming a scene, martin shoots zombie cary as alice watches.
he opens a low door.
louise and thelma get out of the car.
hermione takes the handlebars from him.
looking glum, andy blows out the candle on the cake.
she gets up, hands her book to snape, and returns.
dillinger looks at the mechanic.
he lowers the bar to his chest.
marley's looking out of the rear passenger window.
merry turns away.
he turns away, and she watches him with concerned eyes.
cavalieri is singing martern aller arten from the line doch du bist entschlossen.
rebecca is a beaded black and silver jacket.
hearing movement, he spins, then again he fires, hitting a door frame.
the shape stirs, rolls over, and we see harry zimm, balding, overweight; a movie producer.
and now he is standing, sword in fighting position.
the suited fugitive arrives on a railway station platform.
the ghost just stands there.
diana rises from the picnic table and passes behind him.
gwen follows his gaze and turns to him in shock.
morgan crawls on the roof and takes the monitor ever-so gently out of graham and merrill's outstretched hands.
lizzie shuts her eyes and breathes out with a sigh.
grabbing peter by a leg, bone saw crashes the youth into the cage bars.
aibileen takes the slip of paper.
dillinger chews his gum.
taking the folded-up piece of paper from holmes, watson sets off.
single shots: football hero edward leads his team to victory.
he pulls back the silk drapes to join her.
something hit the side of the bus, jolting it over onto two wheels.
they join renault at the curb.
as she follows sandy into the luxury suite, diana mouth falls open.
those on the undulating bridge run in panic.
he approaches a pretty flame-haired flight desk attendant at lax airport.
through his glasses, the outlines of people are fuzzy.
holmes drinks the contents of the vial watson handed him.
and suddenly the three whirl, stare back and as they do.
the camera is now focused on the window of the small building where we earlier saw the girl behind the oscillating fan.
he replaces it with his creation, a new fan.
pete enters and walks into ronnie's office.
the emaciated little girl who came to his tent lays curled on the floor.
rachel's head bobs up and down above the bush; we hear the unmistakable sound of a female hand on a child's bottom.
draco malfoy stands alone, high up on the astronomy tower.
at her home, mary jane is staring at her phone.
in the cockpit, whip sleeps with paper covering his eyes and his sunglasses over the paper.
she follows him wonderingly.
a car speeds up to try and catch them.
in the corridor above, thorwald returns, frustrated.
he grabs the book and whacks it over jamal's head.
a portrait of georgiana, seated and looking pensive.
ron jumps, glances at hermione, then whispers to harry.
the snake rears up and attacks.
the thin german adds sugar to coffee and turbulence hits as greene returns from a comfort break.
sam's brown, furry foot hits the ground.
daisy was scratching her chest.
the basement door cracks open a few inches.
graham looks reflectively down at the ground.
harry stands in a trance, pale and shaking, clutching his arm.
large houses with pools are neatly laid out amid lakes and a golf course.
lavender watches ron closely.
reaching the door to the cupboard under the stairs, pulls it open.
cranes stand beside buildings under construction, which, without their glass cladding, resemble towering honeycombs.
it screeches to a halt.
they meet and hug, then begin to walk.
his jaw is locked in a.
sarah turns anxiously to her.
martin is leaning forward.
legolas turns and looks at aragorn.
she is doing her inevitable leg practice at the same time.
then he walks over to his mercedes, deactivating the alarm as he goes.
we see harry's arm, it has a skull and snake marking.
the door begins to push open.
aaron runs up and taps tuvia on the shoulder.
she glances at a photo on the shelf, then looks at robbie.
david straightens, his gaze fascinated.
the carnies back away from the ball as a deep drum roll begins.
eddie looks significantly at fats who lowers his eyes and puffs on his cigarette.
indy and sallah charge forward leading their horses and camels.
on their tiny island, ginny and harry fend off attacks with their wands.
jack leads rose and his friends down another corridor and up a stairway to another locked gate.
in the hotel, javier forces ashton towards the elevator on the seventh floor at gunpoint.
tommy turns away from laurie and lindsey and walks over to the couch in front of the tv set.
randal makes loud slurping noises from o.c.
he glances over his shoulder to see her enter a bar with a red wood paneled exterior.
jane looks appalled.
valjean has marius in his arms and is hiding him from the onrush of the soldiers - .
butch takes the gun out of marsellus' hand, than grabs ahold of his middle finger.
benjamin looks up to see a space rocket rise over billowing mountainous clouds on the horizon.
the car touches down on a narrow sandy track and bumps along it past an outhouse.
dumbfounded, harry turns.
they stop off at the petrol station.
he looks down at a little girl of about 10 years old asleep in bed.
we are tracking on hi and glen as they walk side by side.
they stop and listen.
escobar's unmarked car pulls up to a stop in front of a spanish duplex perched on the steep hillside.
annie comes in with some dishes.
mr. robinson takes the glass from him.
szpilman and lednicki looking around an empty field.
the corsac springs up and grabs sim by the hair.
slughorn turns, and his eyes open wide.
a naked hanging bulb goes on as david yanks a chain.
it's clear ron and harry are not on speaking with each other
annie comes out of the side doors of the high school and calls after laurie and lynda.
homer looks away nervously.
merill's eyes drift above them.
the tug makes its way along the river through a thick fog.
labeled h-a-t-e in tattoo across four knuckles, it grips and flexes.
inside the booth we see the awkwardly angled leg of a prostrate body.
the screen displays a map of the world on which thousands of tiny lights blink in all parts of the globe, log lines of data flashing next to them.
one man glances over.
she looks, waves at jeff as stella comes up to her carrying a shovel.
as david heads out, charlie gapes at him, then follows.
dillinger glares at d'andrea, his lips curved into a frown.
connie tentatively enters the house with the children.
jane is seated at her desk, working at her computer.
there is another long pause.
it takes edward all his strength to put together each thought.
on the monitor -- a slightly puzzled look from mike, but he lifts the girl's finger and licks the jello off it.
squinting, he steps into the hallway and lets the door swing shut behind him.
petrified with fear, reggie can only stare dumbly at the protruding claw.
we shoot from inside the screen door.
carl, the waiter, is a fat, jovial german refugee with spectacles.
there is blood on it.
in the pigsty cell, sarah looks up through the floorboards into the hut.
as he looks down again, the words and colors fade, leaving a more detailed black and white version of the comic cover.
looks it right in the eye.
both of them are watching the tv as norm reaches out to rest a hand on top of her stomach.
on the bench, david grips his hands out wider than his shoulders and takes the weight.
the doctor by the chainsaw reaches for it, but is pushed to the floor.
he places it down and takes a much needed seat.
he looks down fondly at the sleeping child.
merrill pounds furiously with his hammer as he nails boards to the children's bedroom door.
derby climbing the table.
sting slides into shelob's soft underbelly!
an even larger sweat stain covers his back.
marcus and lois are standing there presenting a grotesque picture: lois has a shopping cart filled with shoes, scarves, jewels, a salad spinner, purses, a block of ginsu knives, an abdomen exerciser.
cassidy has gone into lower's office.
dyle's hand appears and turns off the water.
the three robbers are so eager to get their hands on indy, they almost knock each other over in the attempt.
octavius lies face down on the operating table, a bandage over his eyes.
kayleigh looks at evan.
together they walk toward the door.
ferris gets out of the mercedes looking a little apprehensive.
the children stop playing and look up to graham.
jeff abruptly turns back to the window, as lisa dashes into the picture behind him, and looks out.
he closes on the object, which is about 10 feet high.
harry looks up and breathes a sigh of relief.
nullah, his mother and her friend comfort each other and also join sarah.
he has a slug of whiskey.
wearing white overalls and a cap, benjamin nods soberly and descends a stepladder.
around the quidditch pitch, sodden spectators stand in the driving rain, cheering their teams.
they dive off the prowl of the boat as moonlight plays on the glittering surface of the sea.
he puts his hand to the wall to steady himself but quickly yanks it away.
in a corner of the field is a neglected playground.
on the river the boats quietly advance.
the hallway is empty except for phyllis who has been standing close to the door of neff's apartment, listening.
one of the women, a fashionable blonde, selects a jacket from her extensive walk-in wardrobe.
the weasley twins, fred and george, grab harry under his invisibility cloak.
a torch flares.
the drover and magarri sit on their horses amid the smoke and blazing buildings.
moody leads them all outside.
robin enters the room, but stays by the door.
delmar is pleased and embarrassed.
he is wearing his stetson hat and smoking a cigar.
he breaks into a smile.
nurses wheel a gurney from an ambulance.
sam is the epitome of successful, up-and-coming businessman.
narcissa and draco look around furtively before entering a narrow alley.
they split up.
indy and henry are still tied back-to-back of course.
george stops, startled, and looks up.
minnie's face stiffens.
brad, a dapper man in his thirties, approaches and observes lester, who is unaware of his presence.
henry kicks at the lighter, trying to reach it, but cannot.
he opens the door of his father's office and enters.
from john, just a questioning helpless reaction.
the applause grows louder as the balls keep spinning toward the pockets.
the competitors pose for a photo.
he leaves marley playing happily with a big chewy bone and hurries out of the house.
she is watching him carefully.
she looks as if she's on her way to some final exam where she has no notion of the subject.
one idly throws leftovers over his shoulder into a cage of female prisoners outside.
glancing over, he startles as diana sleeps with her glazed eyes wide open.
graham looks uncertain.
he wipes off tears with the heel of his left hand, watching her.
edwards pulls his own weapon and points it at kay's head.
the salesman completes his searching glance at the neighborhood.
she looks way down to the ground, then up at the face of the statue whose outstretched arms she'd hooked her brolly around.
diana's smile quickly fades and she sets down the drinks.
he points his wand.
it races on down the street with the cruisers in hot pursuit.
crewman unloads several suitcases and a large trunk.
but it's joe who, as he stares, becomes galvanized; any vague interest in alice has just set.
stella moves to get it.
there's a bright one like yellow and pink candy floss, and kevin gets caught up in a white skirt like a giant snowflake, with dazzling yellow.
the first policeman indicates that lisa is to come along with him.
the husband quietly lifts a phone from the cradle, and dials a number.
a knife pointed at a throat--pull back to reveal vizzini munching on an apple, holding the knife to buttercup's throat.
forrest falls down.
in the bathroom, he puts his toothbrush in a glass.
an old man in overalls and his wife sit hunched before a crystal set, listening to the tinny voice.
her body is wrenched from side to side.
exhausted, thao seats down by the stump.
and emaciated, leering creature, blazes like a silent flash of lightning.
mozart is conducting and playing in a reflective mood.
mr. blonde just sings along with stealer's wheel.
his eyes filled with resolve.
forrest unleashes his nets as his catch of the day drops to the deck.
patel nods soberly and gandhi starts for the door, bourke- white moving with him.
building, the girl on her knees helps peter up onto firm footing.
dillinger spins brian to the next door, pointing the waxy weapon at his back.
grumbling, he goes back to the 4 x 4 and drives it into position.
the colonel is suddenly, deeply shamed.
klaatu glances down at his arm as the agent from the drugstore comes in.
she knows it can't be him.
the villagers cower.
then, an idea hits him.
he turns back and walt's face softens a bit.
this time zachetti allows him to do it.
octavius uses one of the limbs to thrust spider-man into the train.
the entire stadium, ballplayers included, stop what they're doing and stare.
fergus looks down at her, almost fondly.
cars whiz by as the van turns sharply.
she bursts out of the chair.
annie gives lindsey a dirty look and picks it up.
daisy hangs up her telephone.
filling the archway is a huge stone statue of a griffin, with the head and outstretched wings of an eagle and the body of a lion.
the door creaks, moving as one piece in its frame.
he points the broom after the key as it flies towards a high window.
they look at evan, listening.
pan with ben as he walks across the room past mrs. robinson who is standing in front of the bureau taking off her bracelet and watch.
the blue-collar man joins them.
striding down a corridor, charles suddenly stops outside a room.
charlie ducks down behind the counter, the pistol michael gave her in her hand.
a group of scruffy young boys in filthy t-shirts and shorts play cricket on a runway.
richardson catches his breath.
peter comes home.
evan unlocks the door and is moved by what he sees.
they stand before the swinging doors and look around.
willie escorts the kid along a long walkway that leads to the front door of a large, opulent, new-money southwestern home.
the door swings open and jerry edges in, looking about, holding a sack of groceries.
hagrid gives one more wave, then turns.
his hands flutter nervously, reveal a missing index finger.
melvin laughs out loud -- puts on plastic gloves hurriedly so he can lift the dog to eye level.
on the other side of the ship, cal and lovejoy peer down as murdoch supervises the lowering of a lifeboat.
he has a big smile.
merrill and bo find graham kneeling in the grass.
elliot, taking one of the hors d'oeuvres, starts nibbling as well as he and hannah walk past the bookshelf into the living room.
the crowd springs to its feet as the aging rockers take the stage.
the new arrivals look distinctly ill at ease, before
in the back of a police car sits the waitress with the door open.
preparing a little pony with a saddle and supplies.
darcy's gaze is steady.
sam looks around for frodo.
he turns and walks out onto the balcony surrounding his office at the top of a high clock tower.
he looks, then lowers his eyes.
mike looks tense and helen looks nervously out of the back window.
setting her phone down, the redhead takes her sunglasses off, looks into the driver's side mirror, and gives her car some gas.
tuvia dispatches both sons then berniscki.
her hair is now dark brown.
adam says nothing.
two nazi soldiers throw hand grenades into the cliffs.
she looks upset.
a caravan veers out of control and tips over.
he turns, as if sensing her presence.
indy reaches up and tears a piece of cloth from one of the skeletons, which breaks apart and falls into the oil-slick water.
gandhi hesitates, then begins.
the prow softly grates against sand.
then proceeds to kick edward's ass nine ways to sunday.
further down the street, a van is reversing.
she touches his hair.
inigo fights and ducks and feints and slashes and it all works, but not for long, as gradually the man in black keeps the advantage, keeps forcing inigo back, closer and closer to death.
the boys on the bikes are gaining on forrest.
now gandhi raises a third finger.
jacob puts his arm around his stepmother.
as the students follow quickly into the hall, snape disappears through a side door.
high angle: faramir leads the 200 mounted knights through the gates of minas tirith and across the pelennor fields towards the ruins of osgiliath.
alison is inside the building.
another sudden turn, this time left.
potter is lighting a big cigar which he has just given george.
randal balances his burden and shoves the key into the lock.
forrest and the wounded ping-pong player step toward the ping-pong table.
he stands, awaiting gandhi's attention.
a shadow comes over them.
the snake is hit and falls down the stairs.
outside, red aims his gun at the house.
kate walks down a flight of stairs in her apartment building.
he surfaces from the memory and reaches for a plastic bucket on the side of the bath.
hermione shakes her head, but still looks torwards.
in the suite, cal removes the heart of the ocean, along with some cash, from the safe and puts it in his jacket pocket.
morgan takes hold of his father's unshaven chin and turns his face.
thao finds walt watching his abatis border.
lightoller gazes out at several partially filled lifeboats moving away from the titanic and motions to waiting passengers.
we pan john from skiff to wharf and birdie's door.
still kneeling, he unscrews the top from the bottle, and runs his fingers over the cold surface of the glass.
a group of policemen barge into the room, knocking tables and salt and paper in every direction with their lathis, seizing some of the volunteers for arrest.
angela stares at him, stunned, then starts toward the door.
jules sits with his .45 ready to spit under the table.
purvis scowls into the night as the car follows another curve.
suddenly there is a thick rope in his hands.
jenny grins at david then reaches forward and grabs a banana.
he sees louis lying on a bed in a sick bay area.
the ball sails off the court, through the air, and into a faraway yard.
a few cars whiz by as the film moves inside, to various scenes depicting mickey's comprehensive exam.
the songwriter is placing the first recording of his new song on a record player for her to hear.
the camera goes with both of them.
forrest sits down between john lennon and dick cavett.
the girl stares at whip as hugh hands him a handkerchief.
frodo, sam, and merry and pippin tumble head over heels down a bank, onto a dark, wooded road.
joe walks slowly towards the ominous blood stain.
gandhi and the miners coming on once more, chanting forcefully.
at her home, vanessa, in an old t-shirt, her hair pulled back in a pony tail, stands before a bare wall.
she heads into the house, followed by lester.
behind him we get vague figure of lisa laying a cloth over the card table.
dumbledore touches a wardrobe.
carson is about to move closer to the prompter's box when suddenly the stage under him opens and he plummets through out of sight.
the shower curtain is drawn around the tub.
she wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him.
another customer comes up to the counter.
graham and merrill arrive in the front hall.
he raises penny's left hand with his own to display their wedding bands - but penny's finger is bare.
bob is with gin, who's mixing himself a dose of fibracell stool softener.
carolyn enters, followed by a different couple in their fifties.
he wanders forlornly down the street, passing empty buildings with their doors open, windows smashed.
he jumps the fence around the yard, knocking out the top slat, and rides into the street outside the territory hotel.
the banner with the picture of fudge is torn to shreds by flying shards of glass.
the necklace twirls down to the dark ocean depths.
oliver winks and takes a bite.
elijah suddenly grabs the left wheel and turns the chair.
an overzealous balloon pilot walks up.
the queen gestures for tony to stand and picks up a small bell.
he takes all of her bags.
in the gray skies high above him, the royal standard flag is gentled ruffled by the breeze.
the students climb up to the first floor of the building.
a boy emerges.
fergus, staring at her.
cal climbs onto the high side of the capsizing lifeboat.
dillinger coolly glances over his shoulder.
it now stands dowdy and decaying.
he pays no attention to her.
finished with his work, he takes his hat off the chair and hangs it on the rack.
holmes grabs handfuls of rice and coffee beans and places them in a bag.
who now appears in her earth bound form, a young elven woman with tousled hair, dressed in mud-splattered riding clothes.
harry shakes his head in response to lupin's question, then -- whoosh!
people are lower down and tougher.
the magistrate wets his lips.
a figure is inscribing a tattoo on anther's back with black ink.
valjean comes out of the church into the graveyard and reaches a bell set on the edge of a promontory.
he reads his writing aloud to the dog.
the werewolf sniffs the ground, then disappears around the other side of the tree.
ithilien rangers patrolling the bridge and the west osgiliath has fallen into disrepair, but the desolation of east osgiliath is more pronounced -- it is held by the forces of mordor.
jacob marched off.
behind the motorcycles is a police car, then two four-by- fours with their tailgates open.
runs his finger along its edge.
butch makes no reply.
mad-eye pops open a jar with a spider in it.
she returns with her camera.
her eyes shift to the phone and she picks it up.
they are glints off the shiny surface of an oncoming bowling ball.
she steps away, holding his hands, and returns with her back to him.
the french windows are open.
don turns, straightens himself as best he can and starts for home, shame weighing down every limb.
t night, in salim's apartment, both salim and jamal are asleep.
the dog bares its teeth.
he keeps sandy from sitting.
as peter trudges off down the street mary jane looks out of the window at the deserted corner where he was standing moments earlier.
jeff looks at stella.
neff goes out, leaving the door wide open.
as mrs. bennet comes running out of the house followed by mr. bennet and their daughters, a portly gentleman, edward gardiner and his wife emerge from the carriage.
suddenly frodo appears on a bank above the cart.
he picks up some pages of manuscript.
mark, opening the front door, catches sight of juno driving off.
some are villagers, others are dressed as trees and animals.
back at the police station, he talks to sheriff pruitt.
phyllis hands the overcoat to the redcap, who leads her and neff towards car number nine.
they reel across the room and he smashes david into the wall again.
edward looks around, confused and increasingly scared.
the two newcomers, peretz and jacov, are talking to asael.
the dude is staring off into space, thinking.
they stick their cell phones out of the windows trying to get a signal.
he sinks to the ground.
elliot, hannah, and the twins sit at the dining room table.
ron looks back at the house.
he grabs a clock hand.
he swims down towards the gleaming sword.
he smashes spider-man into a train window.
holmes smashes through a window and crashes into watson, scattering all the money.
an ss man, zick-zack (his nickname), with a whip, approaches szpilman.
they kiss and play around.
the people are still trying to get out, but some of them have stood still, listening to him.
his features taut and his eyes glistening, graham turns to face the tv.
neff comes into the shot and approaches cautiously.
banky smiles back, and sort of nods.
bo shuffles off to her bed as graham gently lifts morgan up and lies him on his back.
peter swings backwards, shooting webbing at the bombs and disabling them.
the odd man holds an egg up to the light and studies it from several different angles.
stella mcgaffery comes in.
she dances with luke.
nick finishes pouring tea through a strainer.
he bends down and checks the door catch, which doesn't move.
daisy closes her eyes.
the queen casts her eyes downward.
his grandfather sits beside.
sandy puts his seat belt on as the woman zips out of her parking space.
an anxious secretary is right behind him.
the stripper reveals a penis.
bob pulls his son close and hugs him with all his might, tears filling his eyes.
he looks over the edge of the balustrade at the terrifying drop and raging waterfall.
he settles for vodka.
slack-jawed, sidney gawks at her and she raises her eyebrows.
his hand is bandaged.
ginny weasley's spell destroys the metal dementor.
everyone turns to the dear, sweet old lady.
david turns back to the framed sketch.
lenny is again sluing the bike around.
she reaches for a tall glass of liquor next to her, and takes a long drink.
gabriel knocks her into the side of the car with a sweep of his hand.
he sits on the stool and the hat is placed on his head.
gandhi's solemn eyes are studying the huddled humanity in the rocking coach.
laszlo looks around.
hermione joins harry.
he sits up as a passenger crouches down.
he's running from cab to cab, pounding on windows, scaring the living shit out of people.
with a poof of feathers, a hole opens up in the boy's back and he pitches into the snow.
spider lets go of thao,
the vehicle rocks and chatters under the force of the many tommy guns now firing inside.
he watches another train pass and looks down before turning to her again.
only one or two have the presence of mind to push clear and seek shelter.
sitting at the long table, david blinks his bemused eyes.
gatsby stops and turns back.
aragorn looks at elrond in shock.
the father just stares at it.
he finds himself in a long, damp chamber.
they walk over to evan at the piano.
jenny smiles and pulls her nightie off her shoulders.
he grabs her leg, knocking her down.
eyes closed, they hold each other tight.
peter picks up a payphone in the hallway outside his room.
gittes looks to his two men.
black uniformed ss officers kick a man on the ground.
the crowd throws cigarettes at dante, pelting him in the face.
he looks over and sees rick.
harry makes a dash for it.
graham climbs onto the veranda and walks through the front door of the house.
octavius cringes, then seems surprised when mechanical limbs lift the cab up and through to the air, it lands on another yellow taxi.
professor dumbledore gets to his feet.
they go over to walt.
a splendid peacock, its tail fanned in brilliant display, lords it on a velvet lawn.
he grips his temples.
empty beer cans leave a trail from the door to the bed.
she opens it, her back to the camera.
his son sees him, jumps up from the bench, and runs to him.
his mother blows out a solitary candle on his cake.
camera is close on mary's face now, recording her anxiety, her fears.
banky shoots holden a `these guys are idiots' look.
trying to regain her composure, she rejoins kevin in the club, who's waiting, eyebrows raised.
we feature gandhi's wife, ba, standing at the front of the women.
willing hands reaching out to support him, until he reaches the center of the carriage, where he's gently lowered to the floor.
the back of the yard is lined by corn crops, golden and brown,six feet high.
they stop walking and face one another.
he points again to the stained-glass window.
in the dim light of a basement, david wearing a light grey sweatshirt is laying flat on a narrow bench, pushing up a weight's bar.
his features lit up, peter turns in horror.
edward tosses him his jacket to cover his privates.
his expression becomes serious.
jackson pulls up behind the plane.
as he lowers the blade, he sees something reflected in another medic's goggles.
he takes his shot.
the photos ferris showed hani.
denethor slowly turning away.
mickey, a young punk who has had one too many, is beside him.
he looks at it.
he hurries over to his unconscious old friend.
their heads shaking violently, they drive towards the diner.
the pipe leads to a low cave where something scaly is lying on the ground.
he fires at the ceiling.
bren's lips tighten.
keyes is coming out.
a little boy of about eight and a slightly older girl are in the living room, playing cards and listening.
they pass the military container lorries carrying the white cubes recovered from the crash site on their way into town.
spindles rotate.
will quietly approaches the door, not exactly sneaking, but not exactly announcing his presence.
rambo flips the top of one of the cans, holds it above his head and drenches the machine gun and pirate corpses with petrol.
also wielding a fang, ron creeps up the stairs towards the snake, who turns on him.
sandy goes to daniel.
dr. mathison sits beside a black woman who's lying down, gazing into a blanket wrapped bundle.
they start out of the cafe.
he's lying curled up on the ground on a mattress.
the view from the sight is relayed to sam's phone.
he stares down at him as mickey talks.
as david races down a corridor, the white-haired boss opens a door off the hall and walks through.
aragorn casts another look back at the ancient standing stones before following gimli.
she must have been listening from don's first scream.
futilely raising his gun to avoid-impact: the huggies catch him square on the chest.
he places it on the desk and takes off his glasses as brody examines the cross.
and she starts to calm down.
the car trunk pops open and a hand reaches inside, pulling out a folded white sheet.
yayo leans against the railing, cuts a 'now that's the way you get things done' look at the bear.
it is an instruction they all find correct.
purvis looks winstead in the eye.
still tracking behind him as he runs through the living room.
she reapplies her lipstick.
in flashback, the accomplice runs up to flint from behind and knocks him on the shoulder as he makes for the car.
the pilots clutch their helmet in agony as the choppers go out of control.
merrill walks solemnly towards the door.
the power cables come away and spider-man backflips onto the floor.
holding an officer's sword above her head,
five green and white figures fly through the air on their brooms leaving a colored trail behind them.
red takes cover behind a tree.
the dude runs into the lanes.
tensing her face, diana fights back tears.
after pausing for a moment on elliot's face, the film cuts to the foyer, where two boys and a girl gather by the door.
he shakes a hoop with metal rings on it.
above the pit, three glowing capacitors begin to rotate like a merry-go-round.
absorbed into the swirling, misty vapor beyond.
ken and his wife walk off.
they are amazed.
he pays the cab driver and goes into the theater.
standing in the middle of a thick strand of web tied between two flagpoles, spider-man stretches the strand by walking down a building and then launches himself into the air.
floyd runs backwards, firing wildly.
push in on them as they arrive at the truck and stop; what they see makes joe's heart pound -- they're stunned -- all of them.
the web attached to the balcony holds just as near the other ground and they spring back up in the air.
a departing customer holds the door for an incoming one: minnesota fats.
a bit drunk, she drapes herself all over him.
nearby, robin smiles as they pass by.
she puts the car in gear and floors it out of the parking lot.
dumbledore steps towards him.
al-saleem drops the hammer and walks out.
she looks at the body of the stag again.
cast in cold, blue light from the window, she takes her hands out of the pockets of her dark body-warmer and sits cross- legged on the mattress with the diary in her lap.
merrill taking the other end.
mary closes the door, goes to suitcase, opens it, starts to take out a dress.
the balding officer leads purvis into the cellblock.
a man approaches chaya.
frodo suddenly senses the lurking malice.
a van flips on a dark road.
he has been slumped over the kitchen table, asleep.
he drives a blue motorbike parked outside.
on the day of norman's funeral, after the interment, harry is standing alone.
the doctor uses a large syringe.
the scene is harshly toplit by a hanging fixture.
moving cautiously, harry shines the lighted wand into dark, empty corners.
ben has just shut the door to the bathroom behind him.
as forrest walks away, a flock of birds flies overhead and lands in the tree.
edwards is surprised by this maneuver, but doesn't waste a second.
david stares at the photo, his brow cinched.
then he makes up his mind and starts for the door.
in animation, city lights glow behind giant letters sitting on a cliff surrounded by shining spotlights.
sam's resolve hardens, a new strength takes hold.
gittes' car is stopped by a couple of uniformed police.
caroline looks up.
she makes a show of pulling away.
murdoch glances down at the cash, then exchanges looks with cal and walks off.
the gateau falls on her head.
she reads it.
he examines david's eyes.
and now the light falls on nahari.
she pushes him out of the door.
armed men stand guard.
in the washroom, she unzips her jeans and sitting down on the lavatory seat, she opens the pregnancy detection kit and brings out a narrow paddle shaped stick and puts it into position.
give flint's fist.
passersby, some holding books, are seen.
black claps his shoulder, looks him in the eye.
it is totally dark in the house.
near him, trying to be inconspicuous on the edge of the small crowd, are five policemen (one sergeant and four constables).
taylor and javier look behind them as they join a busy road.
sitting holding her cell phone, ashley looks at her mother karen.
there is silence.
the land rover plows into a building and off the edge of a cliff.
smeagol lies nearby, muttering in his sleep.
salim leads jamal towards maman and his bearded henchman followed closely by punnoose.
sam offers frodo his hand and pulls him up.
he takes the blotter from the desk set and a pen from his jacket pocket which hangs on the chair and with vigor and faint pain moves to the other side of the bed where he turns on the light and stares at carol.
the secretary takes a step towards him.
frodo falls to his knees.
he turns and comes into the salon, where another group awaits him.
they move on.
he still has the stick in his mouth, which he takes out as edward approaches.
in front of him, a huge black dog looms out of the bushes.
joe, catching sight of his own appearance, rises to the balls of his feet, quite taken.
he starts to take a sip from the glass, when lisa comes out of the kitchen.
susan is in pain now, she can't summon an answer.
his shirt is trapped in the door.
joseph moves back to the bottom of the stairs leading up to the house.
he finds nothing but shards of glass.
laurie is sitting on the couch knitting.
she hands one to willie, and they pin the socks up at the fireplace.
jack and rose stroll through the dining room.
whip has passed out.
someone gives him a mic.
the peasants stand still.
he sees the family gazing back at him.
they stop cold when they look in his direction.
kevin heaves a deep sigh.
rachel enters; the four girls stand in line, packages ready; john stands in b.g., in doorway to next room.
he places his german friend as armed guard.
he angrily snatches it up.
bob keeps the pump-action aimed at him.
he hears fedora coming, and dives into a magic box.
they unwillingly get moving.
frodo's and sam's eyes meet.
the two waitresses signal their protests.
he flops down on the bed.
tom looks bored.
the judge goes over to valjean and gently leads him out.
sir george looks from him to sir edward.
magarri looks thoughtful.
the scene plays as they filmed it.
he stumbles back and staggers down the whole of the staircase.
the screech culminates in a loud explosion that snaps off the siren wail.
the teacher leads harry away.
mrs. robinson is just entering the house.
but there is no mistaking the sudden glow in gandhi's face.
a fire engine bounds towards taylor.
he enters the room.
elise gives him a tender look.
walker smiles -- a little uneasily -- for they are now near the police.
ryan is incredulous.
harry looks up as he hears a strange voice.
jack waves his hand.
he sits on his bed and looks at his parents dancing together in the moving photograph.
moving quickly, he returns to the exit door and looks at the platform.
the colonel grabs him by the collar.
they lift neville longbottom into the air by his ears and carry him across the room.
she disappears into her room.
the receptionist eyes him curiously as he pulls the stretchy, silky substance off and stuffs it in the back pocket of his jeans.
mickey signals with his finger when he hears a sound on his headset.
bellatrix watches them.
a tall wardrobe rattles violently as harry, ron and several classmates regard it warily.
as madam hooch declares the winner, the gryffindors leap for joy.
then he sets down his cue and walks over to the washroom.
he jumps off a pipe and swings back the way he came, just missing harry.
zuzu comes running out of her bedroom.
he stops and looks back at them.
scarcely waiting for an answer he tries it.
he tilts his half-severed head.
the swerving boats kick up fountains of spray.
javert leans forward and drops into the abyss.
she's wearing a dressing gown and has no makeup on.
carl stands outside the entrance looking pensive.
sarah and drover gaze into each other's eyes.
nick offers his hand, which kate takes.
she cringes.
stan, huddled in an armchair, peeks over the daily prophet, eyes harry coolly, before disappearing once more.
cole gets up -- never taking his eyes off his mother -- and leaves the room.
karen is starting to enjoy chili's handling of martin.
again and again, until finally the door kicks open -- and they almost fall inside -- and thank goodness they didn't -- because -- and now we're looking straight down from inside the shed -- the entire floor of the shed has been dug out -- dropping forty feet straight down, dirt piled, caked along the sides of the structure.
a bustling, covered marketplace.
a space ship is hovering over the home shooting laser beams at it.
he watches as the alien continues with its work.
standing in the doorway to the dining room is mr. collins.
the courtroom is silent, but we can still hear the sound of the chanting outside.
the white cat leaves his china plate through a cat flap.
the two men acknowledge by backing away from pete.
trina loses her hold and falls against the bulkhead.
he looks up at rachel.
he then tips back the bottle and polishes it off with a series of quick gulps.
a whip coils around scabior.
from a bread tin he takes a small, flat greaseproof paper parcel and unwraps it.
he's sopping wet.
he goes straight for the golden egg.
he turns to look at a woman on his left,
a little gate leads into the churchyard.
eddie waits for bert to come down the stairs.
ben opens shutters in his beach house.
a soldier finds his rifle relentlessly drawn to the tower.
they hit the main road with tires squealing.
gabriel brings the mace up again.
as he talks, in a low voice, he keeps his eyes on the salesman's apartment.
fergus says nothing and keeps feeding him.
and slams down on its side as people in white robes run for cover.
a waiting cab.
abbie hoffman steps over to forrest and pats him on the shoulder.
narcissa glances back, then leans down.
dee has moved away from them all and is sitting on a rock, staring up at the night sky, his sunglasses dangling idly from one hand.
we see his agonized and wondering face: he shudders as if in a rough and tumbling sea; he experiences the point where beauty and great pain coalesce.
he wakes him roughly.
she drags him out of the bar.
sim regards holmes with growing concern.
curly rises and comes over to him, greets him happily.
willie reaches the end of the counter.
in an open-plan office sidney crosses to alison and perches on her desk.
the snitch's wings fold.
the knob on the banister comes off in his hand.
she comes up toward him once more.
the man leans into him.
a slither of symbiote falls onto brock's shoulder.
commander panchenko gives the signal.
walker looks at him appraisingly.
to rambo's men.
he looks at joe pleadingly, shaking his head imperceptibly, but joe nods to him blithely -- and then commandingly.
sarah looks down at them, then at the waiting patients.
in a moment he reappears, moving back to his packing.
cole's sad eyes stare up at malcolm.
he leans on the balustrade and looks out over the school.
lifts his head painfully.
tom unwraps another bottle of whiskey.
nullah's eyes widen with fear and he sprints across the beach as bombs fall on the mission.
students hammer on the door of a house but it's locked.
panic is in the air.
he nudges watson, who stirs but doesn't awake.
he picks up the leopard coat and starts towards the entrance door.
he hides behind a wooden beam.
they gaze over at a large house.
everyone turns and looks.
the highway carries one moving car.
he goes to the door, pulls back its shade and peeks out.
they're having tea.
she's startled at first, but eventually recognizes him.
tuvia's cheeks tighten as he ponders his brother's words, but he runs off after the others.
graham's bedroom window looks out over the scene.
a woman enters.
nathan swivels to punch numbers on a telephone.
some of the police sharpshooters are sporting semi-automatic rifles.
involuntarily, they glance toward the gambling room.
a bellman opens the door, and abby gets out.
then they shake on it.
at gatsby's, nick stands on the stairs, looking down at the open coffin surrounded by flowers and reporters.
frodo slowly climbing the stone stairs.
they sneak into harken's house.
vijay is a solemn, skinny boy, much like bleeker.
(except for a small light in the kitchen, jeff's apartment is in darkness.)
as reggie climbs out and the driver begins unloading her suitcases.
a fireman touches the brim of his hat.
benjamin watches as the man raises her aloft like the thicker head of a ship against the painted backdrop of a stormy ocean.
whip cocks his head.
standing there is the shape, the butcher knife raised.
daisy reaches out and gently strokes benjamin's smooth cheek.
graham stares at them quietly, watching.
next to him, hermione takes a deep breath.
a reporter interviews her on the beach.
jack takes rose's hand.
she slides the sheets down from her body.
as santa shuffles off, the guard keys a code into an alarm system.
bilbo staggering out of bag end.he braces himself in the night air, pale and trembling, as if his loss of the ring has weakened him.
he gathers up his coat and tie and picks up his glass.
it is a new mexico state patrol car.
john frowns at the implication, and the moment's captured on camera.
his hand goes in.
neff's coupe meets and passes the ice cream wagon and stops before one of the spanish houses.
spider-man looks down a little self-consciously.
gale, evelle, and hi look up at ed, dumbstruck.
his eyes widen as he spots a light in the distance.
on the ceiling is the shadow of the bottle which he hid in the light fixture.
he stops out of sight of the passersby on the sidewalk and scrutinizes his wrist where the web shot from.
jeep watches his father from the doorway.
the car parked near a phone booth.
in a skin tight black spider man style suit venom swinging through the city on pretz.
sam smiles reassuringly, places his hands gently on her arms, speaks with gentle and simple sincerity.
cole leans his head against the glass of the scratched window.
stops suddenly, jolted.
keep moving over them, to martin and alice, who were on camera.
now, mrs. bennet rushes into lizzie's room,
marius rushes down the street, eponine following.
flash marches after him pushing students out of his way.
crackling as it is lit.
cutting himself free, he knocks venom away.
gandalf looks back at pippin troubled.
ron grimaces as he runs.
a man throws a blanket over a women whose clothes are in flames.
heller glances round.
many heads turn and follow thelma and louise to an empty table.
it's night, as walt walks up outside smokie's house.
bond answers the door naked.
sarah drives past lines of marching troops.
marsellus wallace sits at his dining table in a big comfy robe, eating his large breakfast, while talking on the phone.
she sticks a finger up at him.
harry spots something outside a window.
he studies ferris, and they both nod.
hilary looks over and notices the policeman.
he gestures to his partner, who holsters his gun and climbs a ladder on the back of the lorry.
her mouth drops open when she sees ben.
her mouth trembles; she can't talk.
there are no lights burning behind the drawn shade of the bedroom, but the living room and the kitchen are lighted.
holmes spots a bit of material, a piece of bloodstained wood, a dollop of mortar, and a stain.
she has a pensive, yet carefree air.
they step onto the dance floor.
khan leans towards singh, nodding to gandhi.
the camera looks past his back and shoulders to the anxious mickey.
she notices cocaine on the table.
she makes her way past the oncoming throng of students, most of them taller than her, and reaches her locker.
helen comes up.
he lifts down the little girl as they reach a small grave by a tree.
they remain for a moment as they landed, looking at each other.
jenny sings along with the record which spins on the small player on the floor.
dyer thinks about it.
samwise gamgee stands before the giant spider -- sting clutched in one hand, the shining phial in the other.
he stalks between them.
he runs up the steps of the stand and away.
the camera has been moving in; now it jumps to jinnah in close shot and intercuts with the impact of his fervid delivery on the audience.
cuba's nose sticks out of the leather handbag as it drifts up behind him on the window cleaner's rising platform.
cavalieri sings her next scale, then another one, and another one, doing her exercises in earnest.
suze is propelled across the room and buried under the avalanche of clothes.
the lobby is thronged with gamblers and their women, sportsmen, tourists, all there for the derby.
a hand tosses up a wand.
her hand hoes in its pocket and pulls out his tobacco pouch.
david walks around the table, putting the plate of clams down on the already crowded surface.
sue, thao and father janovich watch as a body bag is loaded into an ambulance.
thomas closes his eyes and sighs.
man beside lighted window pulls down the shade as george blows his whistle.
it's flanked by an ark on either side.
molten rocks crash down on the reserch centre.
they run inside the entryway.
the man swims to shore, and strides onto the beach.
they pull up.
norman leans on the glider, then looks up at peter, whose face is clearly visible through the torn mask.
he stands, staring at broomfield, and now it is his face that shows the respect.
fire writing emerges on the plain band of gold.
he moves into the mountain path.
the dude, also panting, rises and trots over.
he clutches michael's hand and looks deep into his eyes.
a huge crowd, some smoke in distant buildings, some damage near to help us know this is still calcutta, and all is not yet at peace.
aunt may rises and puts her right hand on his left shoulder.
the screen door swings open and a child emerges on to the porch and steps down into the sunlight, holding a gun almost bigger than he is.
she sniffs and wrinkles her nose.
she glances at severus as she walks down the hall.
a shot on target for gryffindor brings cheers from their supporters, and a renewed attack by slytherin in a v formation.
they lie huddled in calm sleep.
on stage we see a huge nailed fist crash through the wall of a painted dining room set.
it's displaying a test card.
lt. dan starts to walk.
he snuffs out last night's candle, which is all but burned out.
vines strip up the giant and pin him to the ground.
he sees, watching from above, the same woman wearing a different shiny jacket in a jewellery shop.
simon releases him.
puffs of exploding shells.
pumpkin, one big smile, bends over to pick up the case.
he and dorota look at him.
her bulging eyes glare at cole.
bo pushes the bowl closer.
his face splattered with blood.
now indy is above the tank twelve feet on a paralleling trail.
murdoch stares at the panel, then turns away.
in the brief pause while the two policemen speak to each other, lisa starts to wave her left hand behind her back.
he looks around.
the camera moves down the chaise, past several piles of books, to mickey's coffee table.
and fall into empty space.
there are men, women, and children.
she glances at him nervously, pokes in her bag a bit more, sighs, realizes she'll have to remove some of its contents.
kay and jay are not paying attention to laurel.
he primes the shotgun - whoosh - clack - and heads for the store.
the living room is extremely gaudy, with red walls and furnishings and chintzy flower prints everywhere.
tuvia, in the barn, sighs with relief.
harry takes a bean out of his mouth then opens a box marked chocolate frog.
the children's boat sails away from the wharf between huge, grey navy vessels.
he looks from one to the other.
a jet comes in to land.
he's got dried blood down the side of his face from his nose, a huge mouse on his cheek, and his clothes are torn in a couple of spots.
the moment they do so two jewish workers scamper across to another stall to buy bread.
she stares at him incredulously.
the last pickup truck stops and lets him climb in back.
octavius, meanwhile, is under the fusion chamber, looking up at the sphere.
in the section next to sarah, two fat pigs fight over food.
as walter reaches the getaway car, another guard fires a rifle.
he looks squarely at thompson, but the adjustment officer's gaze remains on the performance.
he starts knocking things to the ground.
in the shop, breen is oblivious as his walkman drowns out all the sound.
lightning strikes mr. daws in a field, sending up a plume of smoke.
forrest stands up.
he's spotted the closet full of dresses.
she spots a razor and a shaving brush.
with his free hand, grimsrud pops the glove compartment.
passengers manage to scramble over the railing.
the family is driving.
she straddles the man.
she kisses him, rushes to the bathroom, shuts the door.
a crowd of mostly tanned middle-aged men with blow-dried hair, wearing jogging outfits and other expensively casual attire, are blanket-tossing the squealing young woman in nightmarish slow motion.
a crane loads an antique car onto the ship.
evan now wears prosthetic arms.
it slides into his knife pocket.
jeff seems to be getting a bit listless, or bored, by constantly watching thorwald's apartment.
alice does too.
he sees harry lying motionless.
rachel is sitting with her grandfather.
preacher sets the candle on a barrel near the shelf-prop and sinks to his knees below shot as pearl gapes at john and john looks stony.
and alice climbs in.
the piece of parchment is still smoking at the edges.
neff points back towards the tracks.
the front door of the robinson house opens and mrs. robinson comes out, dressed in a housecoat, and, in four or five fast steps, reaches the car, opens the door on the passengers side and climbs in.
the uniformed man walks slower in this block.
he thumps her a second time and is about to strike with his own knife when holmes intervenes.
still craning down.
she looks away.
they peer down into a shelter and smile.
the front page of the paper, the bedford falls sentinel.
alicia trips and falls into luke's arms.
he flings her head to the side and stands upright.
having overheard the cop, peter's face grows determined.
hani walks in and stands at the end of the bed.
they continue on, high above the streets of manhattan as people stand and stare.
ricky's lip is bleeding, but he maintains a steady gaze at his father during this violence.
she skips into her partner's arms.
he is not shivering.
the wind rustles the branches and the leaves fall flying like tiny birds.
a chalk outline of a body is drawn on the floor.
the overseer notices shaved hair showing under his cap.
john gets marley to sit as jenny lifts the baby out of the carrier.
indy braces his back against the altar and topples the coffin with his feet.
gandhi smiles whimsically, he touches him again but there is no change in his attitude.
she looks at him for a moment without speaking.
the boys grin inanely, then move on hurriedly.
jack pulls rose close.
merrill sees the empty syringe in graham's hand.
the camera pans on.
a man in a straw boater joins them.
the eagles engage the nazgul.
with the power of his staff, saruman raises gandalf from the ground, then sends him crashing to the floor.
unseen, britney trots out of the hotel room and scurries down a corridor to a lift.
moriarty pushes him.
at the dentist, julia licks the back of dale's neck, then sucks his left earlobe and jams her tongue in his ear.
audrey desperately tries to load a flare while avoiding gabriel's grasp.
neff stands silent.
he lies on top of her.
bewildered, fearful, suspicious, valjean gets up and goes with the bishop into the house by the church.
she looks up when he enters.
he halts the train.
the writer reacts angrily.
he steps over the corpses lying on the sidewalk.
elliot turns on a light.
manacled to the chair, he's pushed down a passageway with pipes lining one wall.
gittes joins her.
then, eyes front, keeps walking down the street.
david watches the cornerback being surrounded by kids.
the crowds at the pub cheer the rain's arrival and dance in the street.
she hides her face.
he speaks in a rush.
holly pops another hors d'oeuvre into her mouth as the background singing gets louder and the film cuts to.
he looks over lester's application, baffled.
paula takes hold of kate's hands.
flies buzz around her.
the two policemen, are ready with guns the motel room.
only takes four or five seconds.
she hides in a blue fur.
addressing reggie this time.
he runs to the front door of the museum, shoots it open and runs inside.
she hurries to the children.
david looks at audrey who lays shivering in the grass.
one finger on his left hand is missing.
his eyes settle on the man in a black uniform.
outside, two agents pull their car up as their superior exits the building.
a latino guy has a revolver.
now we see the bathroom door being pushed slowly open.
madala crosses the field office to purvis, who sits on a desk.
we are slowing as we approach a short driveway leading down to a cabin.
he reaches out a hand to steal one of the balls, but at the same moment he hears giggling coming toward him.
aragorn turns around suddenly.
the general rides off, followed by a large group of klan members dressed in full uniform.
umbridge measures the height of tiny professor flitwick as he conducts the choir.
he sniffs at his clothes.
outside, the plane taxies past distant hangars.
she looks briefly at rick, then turns away.
elijah watches david walk towards the front door.
holmes picks himself up and gives chase.
she smiles at him, starts to walk away.
he turns and looks.
as reggie comes hurrying up the stairs.
her face is harsh and tired.
joe looks down at mr. orange.
she comes toward him and fiddles with his hair.
benjamin stands, then collapses.
she begins crying softly, her eyes wide with fear.
it slides across the wooden floor and stops just before cole.
cherie and the equerry is perched on chairs either side of the grand doors.
chaya clings desperately to asael.
his eyes come to rest on the door to his basement office.
an army of angels flies overhead.
another volunteer gives medical care.
the cup spins across the floor.
joe looks taken aback, but pleasantly so.
ever so daintily, he puts the bottle down.
bond drives the dusty battered aston into a medieval italian town with stone buildings and narrow streets.
tall peaks rise on either side, like pillars holding up a sagging sky.
it zooms around the classroom and back into the wardrobe.
nehru stands a few feet away from him, his mood the same, the same benumbed grief and incredulity.
a door opens behind him.
she looks at him, one hand holding his coat, the other in his pocket.
ryan reads it.
father and daughter go into their flat.
the man seated next to dumbledore speaks.
it develops legs and feet.
we see leah at the far end of the hallway, talking animatedly with a paunchy middle-aged teacher, keith.
she looks a little coy.
he yanks his shirt out and rolls backwards down a flight of steps.
the colonel looks at ricky sharply.
the three-headed dog is asleep.
the family next door unloading their car.
a stakebed truck approaches along the road bordering the field.
a moment, then the ball starts to bulge from inside.
gin is the next in line.
eowyn smiles down at him as she gently strokes his face.
ferrari, owner of the blue parrot, a competing night spot, comes into the cafe, sits down, and watches sam.
bella viciously slams the man with her rifle butt.
javed's men rush in and shoot salim.
strasser stops in his tracks, looks at rick, and sees that he is armed.
indy matter-of-factly picks up the snake and tosses it aside.
lovejoy strides through the sitting room.
alison gives him the a-ok and he walks on.
a gestapo vehicle has entered the street and screeched to a halt.
holly laughs, embarrassed, as mickey puts the record he's been looking at back in the bin.
they read the latest decree.
even bert is dozing.
jeep's father, bob, keeps thumping the tv set inside the paradise falls diner and plays with a lighter.
the sound of janie at the piano can be heard, the same monotonous rhythm over and over.
ponytail man closes his register and walks towards the back.
he climbs out onto the fire escape.
the quarter drops back into the register drawer.
another lightning flash, and suddenly the trees are back where they've always been.
szpilman, as if in another world, playing the piano.
watson deliberately knocks a tray of drinks out of a footman's hands.
he downs the beer and steps into the adjoining bathroom to brush his teeth.
gollum suddenly lifts his hands to his face and bites.
fergus's hand emerges with a wallet.
feeling the look, he goes back to his cornflakes.
the queen, her face turned away from the man, catches her breath.
charlie grins, reaches in her overall pocket, and takes out a pack.
valjean shows some demonstration samples of their work.
he stares into the crop.
the old man stares back.
she goes straight for a bottle of liquor, and pours out a final neat slug, and tosses it off.
he clamps his eyes shut, bracing himself for the end.
now she heads out with the crowd for the fireworks.
gandalf places the crown upon aragorn's head.
she goes to the window, and looks toward the song-writers' apartment.
gatsby holds up his business card to the motorcycle cop who's riding alongside them.
slughorn catches one in midair.
harry watches sirius anxiously.
they are led through the airy tile and marble halls.
dark figures approach down the passageways.
but joe has seen something -- on the screen -- sotto.
pearl starts to snivel.
moriarty's agent is the sniper.
as we hold on nathan jr.
frodo sits up slowly.
they circle each other.
jack leads them down another corridor.
the hostess, hands bound, runs for the door and is batted aside by camille who is then attacked by the general.
lupin leans close to neville, whispers.
forrest is sitting on the porch.
the chamber and the lab start to sink.
next day, salim sits with punnoose in the bus, intently watching a group of kids on a mumbai street.
helen emerges and looks up to see the swarm swirling around the sphere.
the serpent aims for the sound of the slashing sword.
he wallops another goblin and it too, drops.
mr. braddock stands alone at the end of the pool near the house.
on a narrow platform, they hurl energy blasts at each other.
cole gives the boy his penny.
he runs to an elevator as lee steps out.
posing high-heels forming a slowly turning pattern.
joe and the others watch her go.
jeff's attention is suddenly diverted to himself.
rambo's hair is neatly brushed and his face clean.
adam stands by the large fountain, staring off at something as reggie joins him.
the boat pulls in at a harbor on which there are two men.
westley is dazed.
he stares at the smooth, unstained wall.
harry hears the sound.
merrill's eyes fill up with water.
it flints and crashes into a parked truck.
smiling, oti takes a step back, then turns and walks briskly out of the door.
grimsrud opens the back door and, with an arm on her elbow, helps jean out.
he's hunched forward, head down.
he casts a spell and the spider disintegrates.
we track them along side of jail to rear of jail.
a single strand of colored christmas lights dot the trailers roof lines, marking the season.
the policeman scrutinizes spider-man.
jenny reaches over and takes forrest's hand.
wearing a nice suit and a sleek, black dress, julian and marisol enter as the doors close.
a television set, facing the chair, is on.
bren is cutting out pictures of dogs.
quick webs grab him out of the way of cars and up into the air.
an interpreter leaves the station.
they sit not looking at each other.
they grab onto the railing at the exact spot they first met.
chili watches as catlett comes first.
on tv: mike's face appears.
he bustles over to her.
he's eating the sofa.
the dude sits facing him as brandt withdraws.
she collapses in a chair.
still on the wrong carriageway, he heads into a tunnel.
outside, buzzards squabble over the remains of the giant's feast: broken barrels, bones picked clean.
he rides up next to a ups van.
many of the townfolk come onto the street to hug edward or shake his hand.
melvin finds verdell's fear of him a bit calming.
she smiles, then glances at a female diner.
he is driving
walt looks over at the old lady next door and she gives him a nod.
fezzik, standing with inigo and buttercup by the cliff edge.
harry and hermione follow ron.
the crowd is a little disappointed, but they manage a cheer and applause.
the volunteers approach the village.
when he stops, rose dances.
the man inside the house grabs the door handle on the inside to stop him.
ron follows her and stands on her other side.
as the dragon flaps towards him, harry climbs out of range.
szpilman comes into the courtyard.
mrs. redgick screams again.
he stops across the lounge.
her fingers trace the lines on the door where she had marked skeeter and rachel's heights as they grew.
it keels over.sam looks surprised.
he applies gauze to the wound.
ben, driving rapidly.
a sullen harry continues up the stairs.
michael steps toward charlie with a sense of purpose, but bob blocks his path, brandishing the shotgun.
eddie and sarah had walked past it the first day they met.
they are working together on pearl's doll; pearl is dressing her, while john gets on a difficult shoe.
they start to hide the things.
his partner stands behind her.
emily points to miranda's office, and andy reluctantly goes in there.
she struggles with the lock on her case.
suddenly a dark shape, the outline of a man, leans forward, watching her.
nullah concentrates, and stretches out his arms.
and then he opens the flood gate, water pours down the chute, turning the wheel, which in turn really gets the machine going.
he lies prone on the carpet.
in the empty kitchen, kate ties her apron around her waist.
whip rolls his tongue and looks briefly at hugh and charlie.
arwen closes strider's fingers around the jewel.
the lovely woman from the election night sleeps with her head leaned against a window.
the sub's bright light shine over a thick chain lying accross a ship's deck.
he wrestles free.
his eyes fall on the cigarette still smouldering on the sill.
as valjean bends down to look at madame thenardier she recognizes him.
a beautiful young woman stands on a train platform.
mrs. robinson passes back the other way again.
the door slides open and a horrible hand with long fingers like crooked, dead twigs reaches around it into the compartment.
vanessa gives her husband a tight smile.
his father appears on the landing which runs around the room.
the guys sit opposite jones at a table in a dingy bar.
diana rolls up the windshield and falls to the pavement.
octavius, the limbs and ends disappear from view.
racing on down the back aisle, bellowing.
it's a hard shot and he misses.
nick gives up, walks in and takes off his coat.
will has tears hanging in the corners of his eyes.
cosette sees valjean approaching.
mr. braddock darts back to the window.
holly turns back to the band, who are still in full swing.
feathers go everywhere.
jacob looks pleadingly at him.
horses barrel down a racetrack, jockeys crouched on their backs.
jones sips his drink.
she finds a billfold, hands it to jeff.
they walk arm in arm, the streetlights dimly illuminating their way.
the four of them parade through the office; george puts the two dollars in the safe.
he stands and looks around.
hagrid lifts malfoy up.
crane down as the buick pulls up.
postillions attend to the horses.
the boys run again, beckoning to latika to follow.
they pick up their drinks and share another glance.
mr. weasley joins them at the table.
cross looks to gittes in some real surprise.
a couple stands by the window; one man gets up from his chair and walks away.
the man runs off with the boy, and jack and rose run after him.
great balls of fire are hurtling through the air.
lizzie is up with bingley and having a much better time of it.
lizzie, lydia and kitty are walking arm-in-arm through meryton.
debbie reenters, fully clothed.
graham opens the bathroom door and steps out with wet hair.
she has dirt and tears on her face.
voldemort puts his hand on harry's head and he screams.
she takes a seat.
ben sits cross-legged on his bed in the dark, his back against the fishtank, smoking.
gittes is a little taken aback at seeing evelyn.
it's thrown across the clearing.
he glances up, paces across the room, thoughtfully.
preacher stands behind the flames; in foreground an old man sits profiled on a box.
jay enters the frame, right next to randal.
sandra nods at the old woman, unsure of what to make of that response.
and now she turns and faces the hallway.
mickey and holly walk up to its rear door.
tuvia runs off to zus.
his desk is arrayed with several tall stacks of folders -- all with exactly the same covers -- and on one corner of the desk, some folded newspapers.
we see paulie's bedroom window -- festooned with childish curtains -- and the light on inside.
they pull out the screaming roots.
debbie holds out her hand.
rambo looks away in disgust.
swings down and brass knuckles appear on it.
he is walking back into frame holding another handgun now in addition to the .38, this one an automatic.
the lights shine brightly in through the windows.
the shape is close to camera, out of focus.
peter watches carl run back through the terminal building.
and he goes.
something comes after him.
and around the ashram many fires are burning, people are cooking breakfast, some are packing knapsacks for the journey, others are strewing the path from the ashram with leaves.
cal smiles at the blank-faced rose who blinks then turns and stares at her reflection.
he lights holmes' pipe for him.
he shoves her aside and draws a gun.
marty leads anna to a car.
the top of the bat's hooked wing nicks his forehead as it speeds in swift but fluttering flight straight at the mouse.
the shape leans in, peering down at laurie in the corner, raising the knife.
she turns his face to him, and they kiss.
jacob takes off his jacket and sits down.
harry's kind looking father beams at him.
sam stumbles blindly down the ancient stairs, reckless and uncaring, his face pale and devastated.
smiling, he gives elise's arm a squeeze and leaves them.
patel and azad are there and pyarelal of course, and with them now the giant figure of abdul ghaffar khan, the first time we have seen him among gandhi's intimate group.
evan enters a dimly lit cell plastered with pictures of jesus christ and various saints.
the camera moves past him and a few guests to norma, who is enthusiastically singing along, looking at evan and moving her hands.
it takes the form of a piece of mahogany through which a simple hole has been carved.
goolaj remains in his seat at the theater smiling happily at the down pour.
cole sear steps out his front door.
lightning illuminates the room.
whip looks at her for a moment, then nods.
david finds a door and they hurry through.
it flutters down into dumbledore's hand.
gabriel is almost entirely in the car now.
he has cut his throat but is still alive.
hastily picking up the fallen towel rack, minnie calmly takes in the situation.
and to his amazement, he is being forced back down the steps.
jean-louis sticks his head out of the taxi window.
annie wanders through the empty house looking for her purse.
jude gets out.
jessica has her arms folded and grins.
the man in black, cresting the peak of the mountain.
andy turns and looks out of the window.
he looks at the door and then turns and faces the lights.
he waves it at the dog, ready to strike it.
the throng is mostly seated.
suddenly darkness engulfs the carriage.
wrapping an arm around his shoulders, she leans forward and presses her lips to his.
and toss it down into the wood.
tuvia follows him and watches his brother convulsing with grief.
she staggers away from him.
in the interrogation room, the burly agent stays put beside the open door, out of the sightline of his peers, who stare in from the hall.
rick stands impassively as they drag ugarte off.
she makes a show of looking at a price tag on a table laden with sweaters, and, at the same time, pushes the table into a new position.
david stands and looks at them.
she wags her finger sternly in his face.
outside the windows, the dawn is slowly breaking.
after dark, skeeter is working in her room.
lizzie's reading a letter.
kings cross station.
pushing down on the plunger.
a short time later, he's sitting on his floor for lonely leaning against the french windows.
finally, they get about twenty yards from the edge and louise slams on the brakes.
tex has also appeared from reggie's room, followed by gideon.
lester starts unbuttoning angela's blouse.
a marching band cuts through the workers waving placards and balloons.
kay looks up at him.
holly is standing in the pantry, preparing some offscreen food.
he roars up the road as policemen leap for their vehicles, crank up their sirens and pursue.
jackson leaps out and checks a petrol pump.
together the young couple hold the napkin that was wrapped around the glass asael crushed with his foot.
szpilman joins in.
the man laughs as he walks away.
the sight of fats makes him laugh again.
debris glides past the cockpit as whip bangs his head and passes out.
the wind is blowing as it has all through this sequence.
he shoots at the moving shadow.
he bolts for the door and enters.
pete is sitting on a chair, super happy.
by its drunken swaying light, he aims the rifle at thao, who backs away.
the boys try magic sweets.
at school, all the kids have dressed smartly and lined up on a long row at the back of tiered seating constructed in the hall.
he lashes out, sending mary jane careering to the floor.
now in his brand new van the aging man arrives at the strip mall.
the two boys are statues as cole's blood-chilling yells fill.
they are being marched out of the ghetto gates.
carl salutes him.
gandalf stares up the long length of the dark tower.
she opens the gate, pushes the harper children through, shuts the gate, and walks between them, her back to us.
reggie, cringing back from the bright light, notices the doorknob turning.
a further explosion burns the mask which spider-man peels off.
in his office area, ken stares off with a furrowed brow.
two-hundred frustrated citizens crowd the auditorium.
she deflects an arrow.
before them lies the plain of gorgoroth.
on a large balcony above the cinema, six men are drinking and playing a gambling game.
the tall, blonde security guard checks his watch.
nick looks nervous.
abby carries her shoes as she walks with mike to an elevator.
they buy a newspaper and begin to read it.
the attendant puts down his magazine and stares.
a lucky blow makes contact.
robbie turns to watch her go with his intense, brown eyes.
jurek, pulling dorota, fights his way down the stairs.
he drinks from an almost entry beer bottle.
sandra reaches out, pushes the door wide open, and enters the office.
gittes drives up a winding road, following a flood channel up into the parched hills.
the commander's truck stops.
we see marker writing on it -- a black line, from nevada to dayton -- and numbers written along the way.
the sun sets beyond the city limits and day turns to night.
the boy spots ben, who smiles and nods, then returns briefly to reading.
jack creeps up behind her
looking very apprehensive, harry walks stiffly beside parvati.
a man's hand rests on the hill to the sword.
forrest stands left, and looks himself in a mirror.
goes over to it.
rose looks to her right, where the young girl waves to her father while her sister cries.
constanze and karl arrive at the door.
harry notices a new portrait.
a doctor attends to him.
and the young man looks unsettled as he gets into his driver's seat, and fires up the engine.
harry is walking along with neville, he has some green plantlife in his hand.
zoe sits in her bedroom, playing with a red-haired rag doll.
sydney's pretty mother seems to watch from the photograph on the shelving unit, as alison cracks a smile and dances a cheeky little jive with sydney.
they struggle, and the corsac's blade scrapes holmes' cheek.
the ark scrapes against the mountain as jackson attempts to pry the power drill free.
carol crossing to manhattan.
holmes decants phosphorous into a container then opens the gas valve.
jeep is leaning against the wall, looking like he's about to puke or faint.
nina tends to tenzen who has injured his leg.
her manner is politely formal.
gradually, the sweet sound of a choir rises on the air, a flash of lightning bleaches the night sky and we cut to great hall.
but the dragon is nowhere to be seen.
she shakes her silky hair from her face.
who immediately smothers it in his cloak.
walt makes his way over to a shelf, which has what he's looking for.
a slim teenage girl is standing by her car in her driveway and clutching her side.
standing precariously on the broomstick, harry stretches out his hand to catch the snitch.
as charles runs to alice, takes her script pages.
he moves slowly towards it, picks up the bottle, holds it upside down over the glass.
candles are lit everywhere.
narcissa strides in, and draco follows.
so does brandt, the young man we've been listening to.
in the hotel room, barnes places the pill back in the bottle which he places on the bedside cabinet.
watson peers at the man's hairline and notes that he drops his cigar.
harry is still pursuing the golden snitch.
gatsby's face is suddenly bathed in light.
delmar repeats the whisper slowly and with exaggerated mouth movements.
in walt's house, sue goes to the mesh door of the basement.
brandt hastily pulls a flimsy sheet from his clipboard and hands it to the dude.
as reggie runs out, slamming the door after her, the metal hand crashes against the wooden panel inside the door and splinters through it, visible on this side now.
the three attackers leave.
harry chases him downstairs.
he starts to unbutton his shirt and sarah immediately gets up to help.
sue goes inside.
he's being dragged by the legs by the intruder, who hauls him towards the shattered window.
the basketball player picks her up and shakes her.
she studies his careworn face, then moves closer to him.
on the bedside cabinet is a framed photograph of her, uncle ben, and peter.
eddie gives her a look, then lowers his eyes.
dumbledore walks past a market cross.
she moves to nehru and suhrawardy as azad ushers them into the canopied area.
it continues to smolder as the dragon zooms after harry through a stone arch.
jane zooms in on his face, which remains placid.
an explosion rips through the courtyard.
he runs out of the shot, george watching him.
carol sitting at tub's edge.
hermione addresses around 20 students.
and the beam returns, briefly illuminating his face.
the station wagon stops several feet away.
audrey opens her eyes again as david closes his, and his face relaxes.
imitating what he did earlier, licks the paper and rolls it into a pretty good cigarette.
lester crosses to the kitchen table, where he sits and studies the photo.
norma stands behind him, leaning against a book-laden wall.
as marge rises, jerry looks blankly down at the papers on the desk in front of him.
the walls are primed slate gray.
gablin releases both mj and the cable at the same time.
a hatch comes up.revealing edgar, walking slowly toward them, with contained fury.
then with great difficulty he gets out a match, tries to strike it, but is too weak.
some indians are working below him.
he sits opposite her and she eyes him, shaking her head.
lisa looks down at him curiously and stella comes forward from the background.
still holding him up with one hand, the shape slams bob against the wall, holding him several feet off the floor.
goyle gets a firework in his face.
howard beams incredulously and gives chase with the camcorder held out in front of him.
neff gets into the car.
she sets up the camera again and tries a variety of poses, attempting to be sexy.
the place is locked up tight.
it thuds against the high-backed chair.
he's got boogies dangling from his paunchy nose.
he opens the door of the bedroom.
light from a television flickers and he glances towards it.
they wrap around one another.
barnes sees an open window.
aisha opens the door, smiling.
he gives the money to emil.
jay's attention is broken by something through the window.
then, with a face like thunder, stands up and storms out.
the towers reach the walls, their doors crashing down, releasing orcs directly onto the lower levels.
he takes photos with his phone.
his right fist raised in triumph, ron looks down at the chanting crowd.
we boom down with the hurtling flag toward a sea of upturned white hoods.
they edge their way along the train.
they turn and glance playfully at each other.
the big gun has been lined up with the gate and has burst right through in the first hit.
holmes takes the ticking package from the doctor.
but robbie eyes him balefully and heads off on another direction.
jane looks into the camera, a loopy, stoned grin on her face.
they slowly rock from side to side.
he sneers triumphantly at his dead enemy.
harry in his goblin suit grabs mary jane by the throat.
among the great throng of people, the szpilmans trudge towards the train.
joseph follows him with the barrel of the handgun.
charlotte has traced the phone flex to the kitchen.
they swim out of the mass of survivors.
we see her lying in bed with a burp cloth draped over her shoulder, feeding the baby.
the second englishman grimaces at the young englishman and looks down again.
peter looks at brian, then hangs his head and shakes it.
the car heads towards an ancient willow tree standing in the school grounds.
wincing with pain, he grasps his broomstick between his knees.
lovejoy picks up the handcuff key from the table, places it in his breast pocket, and leaves.
joe watches as it disappears up the road.
vince rips her blouse open.
vernon struggles after her with ripper clinging to his leg.
rambo stands with his arms raised in surrender.
as he understands.
the woman sits on the counter.
moving toward the counter, eddie notices sarah.
she hangs it on sadie's door.
kissely and the policemen with guns arrive at the camp.
robin leaves, revealing the queen mother sitting opposite the queen.
joe regards parrish, waits until he has a sense that parrish has accepted what joe has said, then joe continues.
lester disconnects the call, obviously irritated.
wearing a white tie and shirt, jack smiles at the steward as he steps inside.
indy disappears under the water and swims out from under the coffin.
wick turns away.
she raises a hand to block the light.
eowyn turns on both of them.
mr. partridge, the high school principal, is the next donor.
she gallops after the lone steer.
don looks around.
abby stands in front of the mirror and applies lipstick.
we are now on the wharvey gals who follow in a ragged bunch, still singing.
diana glances off with a sweet smile, as chuck slowly removes his cowboy hat.
the glass has cracked.
the film abruptly cuts to the long hallway in mickey's parents' apartment.
george and mary are on the porch of the new house, with the martinis lined up before them.
everyone looks on anxiously.
she stares at him desperately.
harry looks up slowly at the man standing in the shadows.
later, he sets a case of budweiser in the passenger seat.
he punches the kid low.
ben enters inez's room.
indy and henry look over their shoulders to see this wingless ball of fire gaining on them; about to overtake them.
frodo lies gasping on the summit of amon hen.below the ancient ruins of the seeing seat.
meanwhile, mr. darcy is traveling in a carriage, his expression thoughtful and determined.
as he calls out the litany of his shots, we see, superimposed over his hands and his face and the sound of socking pool balls, the spectators, stupefied by the action;
he is terrified.
the nco bears down on him.
nathan jr.sits in a safety seat between him and ed.
lee walks over to elliot in the center aisle.
she has opened it, and surprisingly enough, it is a compact outfit of pajamas, slippers, toothbrush, toothpaste, and all the general necessities for a comfortable overnight stay.
a group of girls carries a homemade banner that david reads as he tilts his head sideways.
sandra walks out to him.
rick stands and looks up at the revolving beacon light from the airport.
a door opens as a white woman serves bubba's mom some shrimp.
ducking and diving, they pass it around the team from chaser to chaser.
he climbs a spiral staircase leading up to a loft and looks down at brody and elsa.
then sound of shots, slamming doors, screams, shouts.
fletcher gives a signal, and another fire is lit.
he heads up the stairs with his phone pressed to his ear.
they both have the same dazed, slow movements.
he slides off her dress and kisses the back of her neck.
she looks anxiously towards ron, who is lying unconscious.
he moves like a sultan through the room, past big john, whose eyes dip significantly, and over to the coat rack, where henry respectfully takes his coat and hat.
dillinger rushes into the office and holds his gun to the warden's neck.
on the outskirts of the city water from a sewer outfall drops into a pond, a line of bubbles cleave the water, leaving a trail behind.
harry looks up at the glowering clouds forming the shape of a skull.
they are photographed.
harry disappears in a flash of green flames.
he primes the shotgun: whoosh-clack.
javert indicates to the two policemen to drag fantine away.
moody glances at a wall clock as he exits.
tizzy looks away, then picks up his jacket and starts for the door.
at the cut the rumble of the sun is snapped off by the high- pitched ba-weeeeeeee.
two nurses enter the exam room.
renault retrieves a fresh cigarette from a box on his desk.
his hands fly to her neck.
meanwhile, inside the ship, tables and chairs batter swimming passengers.
forrest looks up as the sun suddenly appears.
harry watches in fascinated horror as the huge stone mouth opens wider and wider.
she slowly steps out into the hallway.
bright light suddenly shines from within the titanic and illuminates the corridor, now restored to its former glory.
everyone gets to their feet, including mrs. hudson, who taps a slumbering holmes on the shoulder.
harry has a carriage to himself.
the whole frame opens like a door, revealing the entrance to a tunnel.
watson slowly walks across the balcony.
he draws her closer, and they hold each other tightly.
harry is forced backwards as nagini slithers up the stairs towards him.
pippin watches as faramir's unconscious body is carried on the stretcher by denethor's servants lead by denethor.
snow falls as kate walks along a new york street.
the young man grins.
loud organic male grunts are heard coming from inside the house.
and morgan holds an asthma inhaler as he stares down at the dog.
the yard is empty.
he spots jessica, who's wearing a pretty, orange dress.
sadiki drives away.
graham turns it off.
holmes kisses her and teases the letter from her.
in the van, diana pounds a cylinder against the partition lock and breaks through.
cosette shakes her head at thenardier.
they quickly roll down the windows and begin wildly clearing out the marijuana smoke.
holmes leaves the ballroom.
locals wash in a river.
lydia gets out, dressed in a simple, empire line wedding dress and bonnet, and carrying a bunch of flowers.
the walls are covered with get-well cards and drawings from family, friends, and school children.
shoots burst up through the planks in the porch.
they turn off the main street away from the expected course of the funeral procession.
juno lays in bed checking out the ultrasound print out.
the policeman leans forward into the car, listening.
outside, an officer escorts diana around a squad car.
gatsby drives the duesenberg at speed along a country road, weaving in and out of the other cars.
several of the boys take the plates from him.
sadie eyes her father, then looks away.
aided by another limb, harry is set down on the ground.
the tunnel gradually opens out into a large dimly lit hollow filled with twisted tree roots.
other jews stand ready to start sorting the load, among them the szpilman family.
ahead is a bend in the trail.
she looks at him inquiringly, and drops the portfolio on the floor; pages of music pour out of it.
the face is more or less in shadow, a faint light coming onto the profile from the window.
he lands on his feet in front of gimli.
graham reaches up for bo.
we get a wide-angle shot now and see that bourke-white is shooting one of her favorite subjects again.
she takes the keys.
in a hotel room, ryan packs a suitcase with military precision.
nick turns to gatsby, who nodes
freddy answers it, we follow the receiver up to his face.
gavroche hurries up a dark stairway to valjean and cosette's lodgings.
they sit on the bench, their back to us.
grimsrud looks at him.
he stumbles as he finds his footing, then slowly steps forward, gradually becoming more human until he looks exactly as he did before the change, right down to his brown hair, green and black striped t-shirt, and beige chinos.
marie spots them.
elijah's large eyes stay focused on the customer's as he finishes negotiating.
shoving a bystander aside, purvis heads down the sidewalk after them.
the range rover heads down a desert highway.
snape rocks lily's lifeless body in his arms.
cole and malcolm stand silently in the center aisle of the back of the church.
red checks on boots at the blue body stocking.
they enter the kitchen.
then a thought strikes him.
a clock ticked from queenie's old dresser.
he scowls.
the three friends kneel, and fill in the grave with sand.
he paces around the room.
they glance at each other awkwardly.
she falls in the mud.
as they plummet, the two men separate and disappeared into the foaming white water.
legolas looks at aragorn.
holmes recoils.
he stares at a cctv camera.
in her zombie makeup, alice suddenly looks up at joe.
they go to their apartments, which are opposite each other.
ryan walks through an open-plan office with natalie, who's clutching a pile of strategy packets.
he stares upwards for a moment, his eyes wide.
ben gets to the stairs and starts down.
hi and ed respond simultaneously.
finally, he himself gets in the harness.
lupin pulls him away.
he peers down at morgan's book.
as george is about to enter the cab, he stops suddenly as he sees violet (now obviously a little sex machine) come toward him.
sandra slaps at him frantically as he carries her away from the window and thrusts her down into a back booth.
he takes the handkerchief from his pocket and wipes his forehead.
wick flips the cigarette into the garden and is about to turn back into the room when his eyes fall on the cleat and the string.
buttercup, perplexed, is about to reply but the ground she steps on gives way--it's lightning sand--a great patch of it, and it has her--a cloud of powder rises and she sinks into the stuff crying westley's name but then she is gone as we.
finally, he draws a triangle, surrounding the wand and the stone.
merrill moves his chair right up to the television, and watches the cam coder footage of his hysterical young children inside the house.
the pixies fly out in all directions.
it crashes through.
ben returns to the reception window where the guy now greets him.
david sits up and turns back to the weights.
nehru stares at him -- surprised.
the door swings open and nathan stands looking in, his middle- aged secretary hanging at his elbow.
she gives her mother a reproachful look.
and now the six-fingered sword strikes and there is a slash bleeding along one of rugen's cheeks.
he follows them into the lobby.
glowing ever brighter, the light takes the shape of a translucent silvery doe.
kate comes back with the coffee.
gimli as he surveys the army of mordor.
for a moment their eyes hold -- the many dreams, and hopes and pain -- the love of many years.
the van pulls into the forecourt.
gandhi holds their gaze a second, then turns and starts forward.
april chuckles as holly walks back onscreen; she is busy preparing another tray of hors d'oeuvres.
she touches its sleeve.
eddie slips into the jacket, helped by preacher.
the hooded figure slowly rides up the narrow zigzag track leading up to the plateau.
they arrive at the hotel.
gandhi is threading his way in a line for soup.
the lead runs into a closet under the stairs.
hi's eyes are fixed on something in the road ahead.
gatsby reclines on cushions as nick and daisy dance in the ballroom, which is lit by hundreds of candles.
the grainy video comes to an end.
mr. collins stands awkwardly at the piano, silenced by the playing,
harry beams at hagrid, who raises his bushy eyebrows, nods and smiles.
the general has camille by the throat.
the indecisive customer is a tad flabbergasted, but not put off.
the light in the hallway snaps on, harry's tent droops once more and, seconds later, harry's door eases open.
malbin hurries up to meet him.
a naked woman stands in siloutte.
the green goblin removes the hard mask with jutting jaw, revealing norman osborn.
dislodging a chair, goyle falls backwards in to the raging inferno below.
she peeks out from behind her locker door at a girl of her own age with long blonde hair.
all evan can do is watch it, still breathing easily through his nose.
in the warehouse officers, clad from head to toe in black, get into suvs.
forrest slows down and looks around carefully.
evening, walt sits on his porch with his dog daisy and lights a cigarette,
rick opens up the safe in a small, dark room just off the office.
carol moves to the chair next to him.
marley is leaning out of the window as the grogans drive down a country road.
she holds up an exam with an a-plus grade.
david bangs the unloaded gun on the cooker, slides down the wall, and sits slumped against it.
tamara huddled in her black coat despite the sunshine.
a young brown-haired boy turns to his auburn-haired mother.
bartholomew comes to the door and looks in.
the skiff nears a sand-bar.
benjamin smiles at mr. oti, then looks away again.
leaning his head against the door frame, he peers into the dark room, where alison lies sleeping.
they stand behind a crowd of passengers on the stairs leading to the main deck.
she hugs him and starts to cry a little bit.
jack raises his glass to rose.
the man in black, climbing on.
baby face fires wildly into the town square.
cross is visibly surprised.
george is walking along the sidewalk reading a newspaper.
klaatu studies him and walks away.
the heart begins to beat.
randal hops off the freezer case and steps o.c.
nick crawls round to zoe and lifts her from the floor.
frodo hacks at the web and with a last desperate lunge, frees himself.
mitchell barges his way through the throng.
tuvia sets off leaving zus looking unconvinced.
later, jane sits at her dressing table, brushing through her long, flaxen hair by candlelight.
as bearded, middle-aged meinhard gets out of a carriage outside of the addrelle de fleuve.
after a couple of feet, elijah jerks and grabs the other wheel sending the wheelchair ramming violently into the opposite wall.
jenny and forrest sneak to jenny's door.
thao follows them.
he forces his way through some people to get to the desk.
she looks into his eyes for a moment as he lays his head on her shoulder, before she turns back, and gazes out beyond the foot of the bed.
furious, don takes a bunch of keys from his pocket.
a guy spots her and stops.
followed by the furious dragon, harry zooms around the arena.
the dragon rises.
mrs. bailey enters scene.
a snake reflected in the shining black.
a cold blue glow is emanating from sting's scabbard!
creeping in on ed and nathan jr., asleep together in the double bed.
waldrip sits stiffly erect as he listens, frowning at a spot in space.
harry grimly takes it, heads back down the hall and turns out of view.
hermione uses her wand to lower shutters.
reggie is on the phone.
the blade shattering in several fragments as islidur brandishes narsil at sauron.
claire is holding two of them, while larry carries one.
a mob of men in front of the building being herded this way and that by jewish policemen.
as watson struggles with the other gamblers, mycroft leaves the men he was chatting to.
rick lights his cigarette.
walt watches the kids, tight-lipped, eyes narrowed.
jane and lizzie exchange glances, then head inside, followed by mary and kitty.
still standing, the doctor leans over the desk, his back to the camera, and makes a few notes in the file.
with a roar, gandalf leads a counter attack on shadowfax, followed by several hundred gondorian foot.
laurie sneaks a glance back to the window.
they look at one another for a long moment.
charlotte does it more.
cosette walks with valjean and the limping marius into his grandfather's mansion.
the derby players tuck the white shirts of their home kit into their shorts and sit on benches as brian strolls in.
the waiter brings the check.
prince humperdinck, as he slips his boot into a foot print in the sand.
jamal shrugs his shoulders nonchalant.
peter steals the ball of harry and bounces it back to him in the lavishly-furnished hallway.
harry peeps out of his cupboard and sees his uncle blocking up the letter box.
they pass harry.
suddenly, the kitchen door explodes, the middle of it breaking.
the grocer is on his doorstep.
he picks up a cup and drinks.
at the event, she paces the hallway.
the couples hold hands as they dance in a line through the crowded room.
bond turns aiming his gun.
bubba moves his case over, making room for forrest to sit down.
then he turns and runs out to the sidewalk, until his face fills the screen.
elizabeth wags her forefinger.
octavious covers his face, spider-man fires more webs.
hilly kicks jolene with her stilettoed foot and smiles blithely.
and she exits, slamming the door behind her.
suddenly, the tower explodes in a shower of water, deluging the street below.
leaning back and forth, diana douses her entire mop of hair.
the camera follows her, leaving mickey briefly.
he brings a gun out and reaches across carl and shoots at the back of the trooper's head.
he takes his arm from around her shoulder and looks her in the eye.
holmes quickly adjusts watson's tie and buttonhole, before watson lifts the bride's veil.
drops it, finds a set of keys, an old phone book, and a menu from a water department lunch at the biltmore hotel in 1913.
joe watches louis get out of the car -- the man who got arrested at his mother's wake -- carrying a small grocery bag.
he sees a light coming through the window and looks in.
the bathroom door bursts open and the fourth man charges out, silver magnum raised, firing six booming shots from his hand cannon.
she stops at the stairs, then turns.
gale and evelle, both covered in blue, are screaming in rage, fear and incomprehension.
as dusty talks, the camera follows elliot, who walks past the others to examine the drawings more closely.
juno looks totally betrayed.
he turns as bond his jacket to cover a bloodstain on his shirt.
the high school band plays its last note, the dancing spartanettes strike their final pose, and the audience .
his attention, and everyone else's, is drawn by a procession on the street below.
i german officer cracks him hard across the face, catching his ear.
bo comes back.
ricky enters, followed by lester.
she strokes his cheek with her gloved hand.
a woman offers cakes under a barbed-wire cover.
harry gently strokes her hand.
and the leaves glow with a silvery sheen.
forrest watches as jenny's dad's house is knocked down by a bulldozer.
he passes a wall which has been plastered with mj's perfume ads, showing her soft, pretty face.
he drops his keys and embraces her.
indy squirms his body around towards henry's hand.
angle on edward, not sure what to do.
he chuckles and dances off.
school boy looks astonished.
harry trips over a twisted tree root and falls backwards.
harry and ron look horrified.
he opens the wardrobe.
without warning, the ss men seize the chair with the old man in it, carry him out on to the balcony.
peter, who's listening, grins.
she steps outside.
darcy is showed in again.
graham looks at the tv screen.
she unlocks it, tries to open it, but finds it locked.
juno and mac have put their coats on and are in the process of leaving.
he flexes his fingers.
he turns to see kyle with smoke rising from the barrel of his silver plated western arms 45.
the chair in the closet creaks as merrill leans forward a little towards the television screen.
raising the club, the troll moves ominously towards her.
casey pulls a face.
nick puts his fingers in his mouth to whistle.
the karpovs put on the life jackets.
ben finds himself shaking the twelve-year-old boy's hand.
david stands at the entrance to a tunnel that empties out onto the field.
an older balding man holds up a photo of two young girls.
lynda grabs bob's hand and stands up.
frodo is too far down.
he pivots around, moving beside her, and slowly demonstrates the process, taking her hands, guiding her.
one of the dogs lies on the floor near a puddle of liquid.
they fall into a broom cupboard.
she walks over to the dining room table, which is already decked out with a floral centerpiece, glassware, and china.
suddenly the woman looks up and spots henry and indy.
then, continues on under the shady canopy of leaves.
we wee the upper part of the bedroom window, belonging to thorwald.
the silhouette of the man swims the crawl on the surface.
khan, at the paddy wagon, watches in wonder.
the young woman scans the restaurant with this new information.
hermione enters another room.
the second man drops the body from his shoulder.
mickey's father walks out of the kitchen, past his son, to the living room.
he takes out the letters.
charlie crushes out another on the floor and immediately reaches for more.
as watson and his bride leave the church, they walk beneath the raised swords of several guardsmen.
keys jam into a lock and pop it open.
she plants a lingering kiss on his lips.
ferris is dropped off in a village.
he musses his hair and stands.
graham pushes his hand against the door lit by morgan's torch.
enrique sits up.
miranda comes to the door.
one of them holds a string at the other end of which a small animal skitters excitedly about the floor.
the walkie talkie on david's hip bursts to life.
black spider-man hovers upside down in front of him.
his face is sombre, his dark hair lank and shoulder length.
rain pours down on the terrace and the long, narrow dock that juts out into the bay.
tom drives away with jordan.
two women wheel a clothes rail into miranda's office.
they run through the woods as fast as they can as the choppers thunder overhead.
janne kisses alicia's hand.
it takes a second, but merrill smiles.
it pops into a twenty point circle.
three black truffles sit on one side of her chopping board.
he looks into the rearview mirror and sees the man in the green army jacket pass behind his car.
don has risen.
he surveys it, studying the bar and various men and women chatting and flirting with one another.
in the darkness, holmes placed phosphorous dust over the soldier.
she looks around tensely, barely listening to the conversation.
the fog reveals a dead army of many thousands.
wes is on a golf course.
carolyn is talking to buddy and christy.
a tentacle reaches in and crushes the driver.
then he goes to the dresser, and instead of putting the laundry away, he proceeds to take out the contents of the drawers -- pajamas, shirts, sox, etc.
together they begin to push on the lid -- straining and groaning until it slides away and bangs against the stone platform.
chili sits back to smoke his cigarette, lets it happen.
a flash of light reveals black spider-man crawling along the ceiling behind him.
morgan brushes it away and trudges off solemnly.
his attention returns to mj.
the gate opens and the teams steps forward.
camera moves toward mother and son sitting on the edge of spencer's bed.
indy sneezes hard.
emily gets a container out of her fridge.
ken casts an uneasy sideways glance at whip.
she grabs a guy's drink and gulps it.
as he puts the match in the ashtray, his eyes fall on that jigger of whiskey.
edward is lying shoeless and torn in a muddy puddle, staring up at the rain.
inigo nods, glances back.
she stops and stares forlornly.
she lays back on the bed.
his friends don't.
on set, the makeup girl goes.
he makes a grab for it but it zooms sharply away.
reggie walks toward the house with the driver, who carries her cases.
gable makes his way down the cellblock, flanked by guards.
he looks in it, pulls out a checkbook.
he looks over the top of his half-moon glasses at the plump tabby cat.
the man drifts away eerily.
cole breaks from his trance as tommy and darren walk up.
the others pile into the rear and they tear out of there.
benjamin presses his lips together and looks away, thoughtfully.
he reaches the door as it dissolves back into the stone wall.
pippin, devastated.
he passes water to the men on the truck's roof.
a deep lava filled chasm, in the very heart of ancient sauron's forges, the greatest in middle-earth.
he is staring down at something in the front seat next to him.
harry runs to slughorn's potion cabinet, as ron convulses on the floor.
harry lies on his back on the hillside.
majorek pulls a barrow by a rope attached to its shaft across the site.
harry moves towards a gleaming golden egg standing amongst the gray rocks.
one of the slobbering heads is so enormous, it completely fills the doorway.
he looks at the city, then round to mj, before leaping into the night sky carried by a web.
each cobble is engraved with a letter.
draco malfoy lies in bed wide awake.
clayton rises from his seat at the head of the table and walks out.
a figure raises a wand.
ferris watches the flogging, his eyes narrowed.
latika stops outside in the electronic shop then joins the crowd watching jamal on the screen.
she gets off the bed.
and instantly there is a marked change in his attitude.
he follows the spinning basin, the pensieve, to the desk, where it lands, lightly.
a handsome, dark-haired guy who was at the ceremony watches her with raised eyebrows as she heads off in the cab again.
gideon arrives at the coffin.
fergus gets up slowly, walks toward the door.
salieri looks astonished.
professor flitwick is among them looking rather confused.
slowly, he spins around, then stops.
slughorn bows his head and closes his eyes.
peter has hold of the other end.
in slow motion, a volunteer in a baseball cap tries to outrun the rocket fire.
seamus takes a swipe at it.
her daughter's eyes narrow as she watches minnie disappear down the hall.
pete rides his bike up a steep hill.
charlotte plays the theme from the office on her keyboard.
as she brings the mess inside the kitchen, a customer pinches her ass.
thandie stands.
he beckons to draco who steps forward.
the stripper is reflected in ben's glasses.
of the biker approaching, craning down as he draws near.
he looks into his son's eyes.
evan painfully looks up from the ground and his eyes dart from the sight of kayleigh, unconscious, to crockett, trapped in the tied gunny sack.
holmes, watson, and sim hurry into the street and make their way towards the hotel de triomphe.
cautiously, he moves towards a shelf and taps idly on a glass dome.
in the hallway, will shifts to a new position, letting himself listen to the story one more time.
the building starts to shake as the captain signs the agreement.
guarding his food.
gin slams on the brakes, then backs up and pulls over.
they lie on the ground, some distance apart.
it whistles overhead and blows up the parked car.
skeeter tries to smile, but is overcome by sadness.
a glass container is attached to the metal tip.
harry follows him.
he looks at henry with surprise.
he waves the gun at the group of men.
she leads him to the bed.
he intercepts sue and thao.
the huge funeral procession -- crowds such as have never been seen on the screen massed along the route.
maybe we see -- though john does not -- the thanksgiving in her eyes.
sydney enters and adjusts his jacket before confidently sidling up beside her.
he looks lost in sad thought.
bending his knees as he crouches lower and lower, behind him the pan starts to smoke.
there is great sadness.
jessica gazes down uncomfortably.
arwen as she realizes she is staring at a future that can never be, the child she and aragorn will never have.
after a time, westley slowly forces his body into motion and as he does.
he takes a drink.
elijah raises a single comic book in his hand.
the dogs are after the scent and they lead their handlers in a rapid pursuit, followed by a large body of their colleages
inside, a young female teller hurries to dillinger and they head back down the stairs.
hundreds of people move towards a cavernous ballroom.
gower talking on the telephone.
he drinks beer from a can and puffs on a cigarette.
debbie takes the steering wheel in both hands and allows a hopeful smile.
michael flops back onto the floor, his mouth wide open.
they get set to begin again.
blood flows from his nostrils.
kate takes a deep, calming breath.
as the car emerges safely from the flames, henry wipes the sweat from his brow.
the imposing osborne home.
stella and jeff watching intently.
then camera zooms in for a tight close shot of scobie's metal hand, gripping the rain gutter at the very edge.
he wrestles the dog off and punches it away.
marwan takes ferris to an office, where hani sits reading a newspaper.
he turns his head, and he and lizzie catch each other's eye for a moment before she hastily looks away.
mrs. hurst smiles smugly.
a uniformed policeman bars eddie's entrance.
at last he moves back to his place on the platform.
high above their heads, the staircases swing to different positions.
rebecca looks distraught.
a burst of flame shoots out of the rear, propelling the bike forward.
the flame of the match illuminates his face for a moment.
the elderly woman looks at the letter.
at the party, mary is playing the piano.
rick watches as ilsa and laszlo walk very deliberately towards the plane.
the boat slowly carries them across the still water towards the island.
charlotte pokes sadie with her wet fingers.
a girl, with her hair in bunches and wearing big spectacles, puts her books in the empty seat beside her.
he half turns to leave.
he wakes and turns off his alarm clock, which reads six o'clock.
tom looks out.
ron spits out a huge slug.
the girls are entranced.
in the dark wood, the urchin-like cosette is carrying a bucket.
merrill looks up from the brochure.
bert looks at his watch, then takes another look at violet's retreating figure.
at the last moment, norther calls out.
frodo looks at sam questioningly.
everything is slightly distorted through the glass.
smith glances away with his brow furrowed.
gittes pulls out one.
the broken mirror pieces slot together, becoming the blue sky above new york city.
the cell door rockets to the sky.
banky runs out.
she smiles after him and heads back to her desk.
randal and dante stare at caitlin, confused.
the hess family sits around the table.
he opens the front door, inside is just as dark.
he keeps a hand on his gun.
david sees an image of the house owner sprawled on the basement steps.
ferris looks at a stone house through binoculars.
the chopper lands mid-field.
fletcher emerges from his cabin.
gandhi is moving with the stream of passengers disembarking from the third class section.
camera moves slowly towards the davenport again.
she draws back abruptly.
he hustles her out of the room.
he takes a book from a shelf.
as harry looks out through the diamond shaped window panes across the moonlit courtyard at the school, he gives a contented smile.
eomer watches the young hobbit leave.
cousin tilly and cousin eustace look after him, dumbfounded.
peter smokes a cigar beside brian as they sit in the dugout.
harry seems to regain his strength.
the volunteer pitches forward in the dirt.
each long path looks exactly the same.
a single corpse lies on the deck near the abandoned machine gun.
he goes toward the door while the bell resumes short, short, long, short.
nick looks up at a man trimming a rose arch and steps under it.
she starts to sob.
brian finds cussins waiting.
she turns back to him with a blank stare.
she frowns at the drawing.
dillinger stands inside a phone booth with a faint, tender smile.
odo proudfoot is unable to suppress a chuckle.
kate whisks the man's coat off him.
he comes off like a typical, pro- black/anti-white homeboy.
soldier with the semi-auto behind him, aimed at his back.
hermione looks anxiously at harry.
her back is to the shape.
she takes the telegram and goes.
riddle approaches a heavy wooden door.
charlotte and lizzie are left alone again.
we see indy puzzled.
gittes reaches down and opens his glove compartment.
butch steps aside, revealing marsellus standing behind him, holding maynard's pump-action shotgun.
skeeter arrives looking disheveled.
tex lifts jean-louis and puts him down on scobie's other knee.
frodo crumpling to the ground as the red light hits him like a searchlight.
a few paces further on, he looks back, eyes narrowed.
ben looks back at mrs. robinson apologetically.
her eyes go back to the tv.
icey embraces willa or waltzes her around; walt looks on, pleased.
she hangs on by a thread.
gebczynski leads the may to a particular set of shelves.
the shots knock out the headlights and riddle the car from top to bottom with holes.
delmar wades out into the stream, cutting in line.
she shakes her head, benjamin's uncomprehending.
inez turns her head slowly to look at ben.
a redhead in a raincoat stands waiting.
the cable snaps but she clings onto the very edge of the floor.
the two men end up facing each other, dangling on ropes at either end of the steel gantry.
now at her apartment, billie sits in a chair, her hands fidgeting anxiously.
he twists the tap.
a beat, then the beast spits out edward's gold ring.
there is a harsh knock at the door.
britney wags her curly tail.
the villagers make michael's party welcome.
swings creaking gently on rusted chains.
malfoy is dragged by his feet towards the shrieking shack.
aragorn receiving this news.
zus overhearing scowls.
jeff picks up the phone and dials chelsea 2-7099.
with a final bash, he gives up and sits across the coffee table from daisy.
the board across another window in the room remain intact.
forrest is still sitting on the bus bench.
it closes, preventing remus giving chase.
they climb the stands to a private suite.
noah gives tearful lilly a big hug.
he later removes a folder from the satchel and flips it open.
a waiter approaches andrews with drinks on a tray.
he reaches to a shelf behind him and picks up a paper.
they both hang up.
he lands with a clang on the lighting catwalk above the stage.
audrey is lying very still.
mad-eye throws the chalk in anger.
he spreads them on the hood of his car and begins to scribble some notes, looking downstream from time to time.
holden stares, shocked.
the doors swing open, revealing a long room lined with shadowy mirrors.
a girl runs up to them.
and wearing their employer's livery - are laying out music on stands at one end of the room.
he turns and we pan him to bed.
he approaches the ice hockey coach and ben.
suddenly the boat drops away from camera as it plunges over the massive falls of rauros, disappearing into the vapor below.
in the restaurant, the young man brings a cup to the old man.
three nearby sailors turn and run toward jack.
the door opens, and lisa stands silhouetted in the entrance, black-lighted by the corridor lights.
honeydukes' busy sweet shop is full of hogwarts students choosing confectionary.
later, the front door of the house opens.
george looks solemn.
tilting her head to one side, she steps to the edge of the stage and puts her hand in his.
he picks up a page without waiting for a reply.
the greenhouse studio is a busy sanctuary, as simon puts the finishing touches on his painting of vincent.
a car pulls up at the site.
into the foreground the hood of the white ford enters the scene and stops.
juno's little sister sprinkles her food.
as watson grapples with holmes, he rips his blouse off.
he spots a handgun by veronica's bloodied corpse.
a porcelain white face looking nervous, vanessa follows the nurse into the ward and stands over one.
he rushes to a chest with other bottles and struggles to find one.
the woman wrinkles her face, skeptical.
he continues to wring his hands as gail stares at him, concerned.
she gets out of the car and follows the boy as he heads into the darkness.
kitty is busy decorating a straw bonnet with ribbon.
he gives a rueful smile and sinks back thoughtfully into his chair.
a fierce discussion is in progress.
forrest walks foreground past the doctor and mrs. gump.
she unstraps herself and gets out of the car.
she waggles her foot and giggles.
michael takes a nozzle from a fuel pump, sprays gas over the back of the van, and lights it.
the young man peers out from behind a wall.
he, himself, is high in the hair, the four limbs protruding from the metal spine.
the other boys form a circle around tommy and taunt him.
emily goes back to her desk.
he catches up with sarah, taking her by the arm, and stepping out into the street to hail a cab.
he stands there with a little smile.
then they both look ahead.
he looks at his watch, as though about to leave.
they separate, then come back.
mickey starts to walk along the sidewalk as the taxi drives off; he passes the hotel and several evening-lit store windows.
andy scurries back to her desk and quickly dons the black stilettos that nigel brought her.
tim rings off.
she is wearing suspender-belts underneath her skirt.
he goes to a pile of coats lying on the bed.
wearing a stripey robe, sydney opens his door.
carl and allison zoom down a dark street on allison's scooter.
david is laden with presents.
malbin leads itzak away past zus, who scowls at tuvia.
he leaves the phone booth and walks back into the main lobby.
he passes a dead-end street and stops.
she turns and runs into the bathroom and picks up the gun.
a repetition of the shot of mozart at the forte-piano, wearing constanze's wig and emitting a shrill giggle.
he pauses for a moment, leaning against the fireplace, as if lost in thought.
he shows her the filofax.
the bielski otriad set off, treading carefully through the foot-high water, holding on to the rope made up of all their belts with one hand to keep their balance and to keep connected.
harry turns up the radio.
a naked dark haired woman with her hair falling around her shoulders, sits up on a bed.
quirrell stretches out his hand.
he gives the horse a faint tap with a whip and and it speeds up the grassy hill.
as the three girls follow their mother and the officers outside,
we are close and see the bullet holes, the patches of splashed blood, the scratches where fingers have dug at the surface of the wall to claw a path to safety.
aibileen picks the child up.
sadie and charlotte sing show tunes loudly and happily.
pile of neglected cacti festering in a corner of juno's room.
lynda holds the phone to her ear.
neff laboriously swings himself up onto the box and from there up on the steps, keeping his head down.
he raises his glass, then turns away, popping the fangs back in his mouth as he makes his way through the crowd.
harry enters the galley.
norman looks uncomfortable and retreats.
randal continues to read his paper, not looking up.
ron hurries padma away.
he looks at jeff with some smugness.
he purses his lips.
a washing line breaks his fall.
two men, holding rifles, exit balmoral followed by charles, william, and harry.
dillinger pulls up to a building with polly.
he picks up the phone in the kitchen.
the tourist has finally found the courage to speak.
the camera pushes in.the hum of the ring comes up on the soundtrack.
he turns back into the foyer, looks up, parrish is on the balcony, it is clear he has observed joe and susan.
norm's wearing a false beard and mustache.
walt's pickup truck pulls up outside c.m.
the hound bounds towards her.
smiling women crowd around rebecca.
he glowers at szpilman, reaches in again, produces a handful of oatmeal.
benjamin staggers through the darkened hallway, where queenie stands with her arms folded.
a burly security man emerging from the car, walking toward the old gent.
but he manages to grab the handle and hangs underneath, holding on with only one hand.
she drops the bucket and runs to hide behind a tree.
at night, jamal knees before a pool and bathes his black eye.
the figure of a dream-like sarah gradually lies back down.
standing on the garnd way, the barrel looks stunned as the moored ship lists up and down dramatically in san francisco harbor.
we are floating in toward ed who is seated, waiting, in the driver's seat of hi's chevy.
an antique rocking chair in the baby's nursery.
harry sits in his room, holding a shard of broken mirror.
upstairs, harry examines a photograph album on a dressing table.
an adult guest talks to the little boy; another guest takes a sip of wine from a glass she'd placed on the bookshelf behind her as evan turns and addresses the group.
george turns and starts out of the office as potter picks up the phone and dials.
fergus, in the dark, stands motionless, looking at him.
the seller gives rambo cash.
he holds it shut.
holding onto the grate with one hand, he reaches for the keys.
harry appears behind ginny and raises his wand.
the guys hold sue back.
he frowns at the sound of tom and myrtle upstairs.
now purvis and barton enter a stairwell.
emily's neighbor is gardening when emily walks up to her with duke on a lead.
the minibus is driving through lush countryside.
he holds up a piece of dried lembas bread to frodo.
with the sound of tortured metal, the massive gates begin to open.
lester smiles sheepishly, trying to lighten the moment.
we also see that the theatre is only half full.
dillinger watches with shining eyes.
benjamin seems distant.
jack stops -- stunned -- joe's heart pounds.
it's a tough one, and he grimaces.
then, like a cobra, he lashes out.
the can pops off and dante staggers back a few steps.
he adds some candles and glances at the watch on dudley's wrist.
as it draws closer it resolves into a human-propelled flatcar.
before he moves on, he hands over some money.
smiling, he watches her head away, then sits again.
his bedroom is like the rest of the apartment neat, clean and anonymous.
we see ships sitting in low tide on the mud of the estuary along the dockside of the town, and red brick factory buildings.
but now, sitting in the driver's seat is 14- year-old alice dainard.
it says five minutes of four.
alex drops ryan off by the church.
it uncoils itself and moves towards him.
count rugen stands nearby.
two choppers fly towards the scene.
joe has heard susan's question but, as he studies her, doesn't answer.
she grasps the butcher knife with both hands and jabs it upward.
as harry stares, we hear a gentle wind, then.
benjamin, his face stained with blood, stares at his lifeless skipper.
she is surrounded by the rumpled sheets and blankets used by the house guests.
a prison door opens.
a double-decker bus, one of those cheesy sightseers that hold up midtown traffic.
he grins back at emily,
edward stands amid the sea of flowers.
miss torso's apartment has the door closed, and all that we can see of her, as she is lying on the divan, is her legs swinging in arcs as she exercise to record music.
next door, a steady stream of southeast asian hmong people walk up to the front door.
laurie sits with tommy doyle on the couch reading him a story.
the old shrimper begins to walk away, then stops and looks at forrest.
she draws back her arm and plunges the fang in to the cup.
paula goes back into the restaurant.
he is cold, unshaven, hair filthy and long.
she opens the bag, takes out some medical supplies: a thermometer, a stop watch, a bottle of rubbing oil, a can of powder, a towel.
donovan pours champagne into several fluted glasses as indy reads.
the guys follow her up, emerging beside each other.
graham steps out the driver's side and looks around.
harry reads the message in the locket.
he turns and stares vacantly.
after the longest time, the father reaches and gently takes the box out of cole's small hands.
the door won't budge.
zus hits the milkman's arm.
frodo stands up in the cart as gandalf reigns in the horse.
rupee notes flutter into the air.
but he gets to his feet by himself,
sarah strides past members of the household and sees her husband, dead on a table.
the gun is so big he uses both hands to heft it.
sidney rises from the table and lets his hand linger on alison's shoulder before sauntering away.
the senior police officer is brought up by the chill directness of it.
as the number ends, he bends her over in his arms.
harry and ron leave the lift at courtroom level.
shyly, she unveils.
she grabs the packet of cocaine that kip gave her and falls on her side.
he offers them to her.
she talks offscreen as lee alone is seen, reacting and speaking as well.
ron gives a great sigh.
father reels, collects himself as best he can and starts to shuffle on -.
valjean is brought back to the church.
chili starts to speak, but harry cuts him off.
the screaming snaps off at the cut.
he squeals into a u-turn, the driver's door slamming shut with his spin.
a fierce battle ensues, but faramir is unable to stop the advance as hundreds of orcs cross the wide bridge into west osgiliath.
marsellus, looking down at his whimpering rapist, ejects the used shotgun shell.
she hears movement.
benjamin removes his t-shirt.
as he munches, he keeps his attention on the neighborhood.
he is traveling slowly, steadily in an armored car at the head of fifty armed sepoys -- gurkhas and baluchis -- immaculate, precise, awesome.
charlie stares at her in horror, the truth of those words rattling her to the very core.
tommy turns to dillinger.
his lips trembling.
his forehead puckered into a frown, his eyes fierce.
he seems pleased.
at a store, she tries on a ring.
she's brightly rouged with thickly painted eyebrows, dressed in an old green velvet curtain with an unsteady mauve ostrich feather rising from her straw hat.
seconds later, footsteps clamor over their heads.
in the hotel lobby, sadiki walks up to the desk and gets his room key.
homer stokes' eyes rise, hesitate and start to fall as the flag reaches its zenith and starts to descend.
her actions are coy, and over-feminine.
the other with a haunting face -- beard, flowing dark hair, the air of a poet or a ruthlessly dedicated radical (prakash -- whom we recognize from the opening sequence in delhi at gandhi's assassination).
watson and sim join mycroft for dinner in a snow-covered lunch.
joe moves into the doorway where his dad and other convene.
the steps are narrow, unevenly spaced, and many are broken.
and he is smiling, touched by her.
he kisses her, they fall into a deep embrace.
she watches for a moment as they walk down the stairs, then slumps down against the door frame in an exhausted heap.
the figure points a wand into the dark sky and casts a spell.
they abandon the car and run off into the dense surrounding woodland.
indy literally dunks her and pushes her underneath.
drunk sydney climbs up onto the railing behind the band and addresses the crowd with his arms out.
thelma follows doggedly.
with his shaved head and giant club, he seems more ogre than man.
the camera pulls back to a high overhead shot revealing many people moving back and forth in the lobby, passing ben and elaine.
enjolras looks around heavy brown.
as bones bursts out of the john and grabs the phone.
westley, instantly forcing buttercup to sit, gathering her flaming hem in his hands, doing his best to suffocate the fire.
she gives her binoculars to ron.
karami takes off his shades and reads a newspaper as he walks down a narrow street.
the camera follows his hand as he crushes it out in a nearby ashtray.
a bucket of iced champagne sits on the desk, ready to be emptied.
jim comes over.
smith puts his hat back on and walks out.
it has a warm, welcoming spirit, like martini himself, who is welcoming new arrivals.
now, pete greets guests and accepts presents.
chuck walks into diana's arms.
don freezes, his eyes turning towards the door, horrified.
scottie hits a button.
valjean and cosette turn down a narrow street, no longer hurrying.
an orange train passes along the raised track between the elevated roads.
phyllis coolly reaches past him and takes the hat off the dead man's head.
david takes hold of the bar.
michael hacks him with his sword.
the lead agent doffs his hat and crouches down to his fading colleague.
jeff turns around to face the room.
with a hostile sneer, the burly agent rushes out of the car.
he shakes his wet hands and leans back against a rubbish skip.
he tips back his head.
reese approaches a hut and checks inside in the same way.
they drive through a plush neighborhood.
her eyes remain fixed on benjamin as robert reverses onto the road.
the city bus slithers through the old philadelphia streets working its way downtown.
ron looks nervously at the white king, who wears a silver helmet.
mary looks at his smile, has to respond, pulls him to her, kisses him.
she stares at him expectantly, opens her eyes wide and furrows her brows.
he stares thoughtfully into the distance.
he looks contemptuously at lydia dancing with gay abandon with the officers.
we feature him, low, from her point of view, as he walks on, the soldier pacing on the wall in the background.
jane walks over to tess looking horrified.
patel comes forward from the back of the platform, clapping.
he flosses his teeth, and abby grins.
pete approaches a guard.
he stands and looks around, his eyes finally landing on: the digicam and a stack of cassettes on a shelf.
the man with the camcorder records the event.
he walks down the drive towards the post box by the roadside.
the camera lifts slightly to show lisa sitting on the sofa nearby.
from the grinning mouth of a skull emerges the head of a large snake.
mary jane runs down to where harry lies on his back.
the distant factory, the even more distant mountains, and an ominous plume of smoke -- a far-off siren is heard.
camera follows as melvin goes to a rack of cds -- all carefully labelled.
he looks at her shocked.
ken's left leg lies on a brace.
juno's bedroom is decorated with punk posters: the damned, the germs, the stooges, television, richard hell, etc.
holding alison upright, sydney gazes over at sophie, kneeling by the pool.
her bottom swells to fill the chair.
a blonde-head young guy runs up behind captain stacy and starts taking photos.
he goes back to eating his meal, as if nothing unusual has happened.
elrond stands -- stunned.
then walks out of the room.
the television revealing forrest as he drops his pants, bends over and shows the bullet wound on his bare buttocks.
he stands in the middle of her bedroom, surrounded by sorority plaques and pink preppy decor.
a train passes and camera pulls back, reveals harry, standing with hedwig.
spider-man goes on the attack, but is beaten back.
the balls are racked.
dumbledore is a little way beyond harry with his back to him.
as his head comes up, light falls on the face of david, aged about 20.
as she casually uses her foot to turn his chair to face her, she pulls out a granola bar and hands it to him.
there is a pregnant pause.
murdoch pulls money from his pocket and flings it at cal.
duke follows him into the workshop.
peter's eyes move up from her hand to her face.
lt. dan sits up as forrest looks at him.
there in the smoke stands the drover.
the patrons stand, filing out of their rows.
he wraps his overcoat around her and guides her into the backseat.
a younger, fresh-faced nick looks up from the busy street, smiling.
a car has arrived -- a distinct 1968 buick gsx -- a yellow muscle car with a black racing stripe down its center.
the windy dog gets up and trots out.
the recruiter slaps forrest on the shoulder and hands him some military literature.
harry sits alone in the apartment, fondling the blade of the dagger with which he'd intended to kill spider-man.
elsewhere, another agent ends the call.
she hurries indoors to find the boy in her bedroom.
her hand slides down his cheek.
the song finishes on a high, triumphant note.
the football players run around on the field.
slowly, his eyes swiveled to the corner of the room.
harry wakes drenched with sweat to see ron watching him with concern.
together, the two men hammered nails through the plank into the door frame.
hagrid picks up a crossbow.
joe sits silently staring into the distance.
harry sets hermione's crystal back on its stand, starts to go, when.
draco, snape, and the death eaters stride through the forest towards hagrid's cottage.
evan looks on in horror and suddenly clenches his teeth in pain and silently swipes the front of his shirt, sending the lit cigarette to the ground.
as he arrives at the familiar clapboard retirement home, queenie lifts a sash window and stares down at him.
parrish's brow darkens and a name tumbles from his lips.
highly evolved camouflage.
butch starts her up.
it has been torn in half and scotch-taped back together.
seamus and the other gryffindors are huddled over a copy of the daily prophet.
stella goes on with her work.
he hones in on a tight backside and smiles.
forrest runs along a highway.
sand pushed the cop off the lorry onto the windscreen of a car.
camera leaves the team and goes to the blackboard with the layout of the jewelry store on it.
they share a helpless half-laugh -- then frank appears in the doorway.
it absorbs the light from the lamps.
harry looks at the wound.
suddenly the hood is slammed back over his head.
she is dressed in sedate street clothes.
he looks over his shoulder in fear.
pulled on her clothes and is hopping around about trying to put her shoes on.
cole raises the shiny sword out of the stone and high above his head.
he walks to the door and gives thelma the most perfunctory kiss on the cheek.
two men who were walking in the opposite direction outside double back and head in the direction.
gabriel turns to her.
voldemort blank eyes stare out from his bony snake-like skull.
suddenly, she turns to look at the trains.
karl waves back.
jack gets on his radio.
the spiders have led them to the mouth of a large tunnel dug into the sandy soil under the roots of a tree.
morosely, tuvia watches the people elbowing each other out of the way,
holding out his middle finger, he waves a guy past.
the captain looks at his clerical collar, his english face, his determination.
jeff looks at her soberly.
veronica enters the store, carrying books and something covered with aluminum foil.
the man takes it.
at the top of the steps leading to the garden, clean-shaven and wearing a white tuxedo, is the drover.
she lifts her face to his.
eyes on the biker he slams the door shut behind him, looking for some reaction.
he slumps on a seat.
he holds out one of her hats.
she gets up and heads toward the kitchen.
now david approaches the ragged bar.
he gives the phone to eustace, puts down his wreath and goes over to carter.
rambo grips the tiller firmly and guides his boat towards the pirate boat.
dante scrambles to the edge and calls over.
the limousine drives off.
dumbledore has gone.
he stuffs the file in his bag and starts running too.
the ranks of hooded men, chanting in a high hillbilly wail, intersect and shuffle like a marching band at halftime.
the guards give chase.
pete almost falls.
jenny fetches a blanket for the pair.
with that, the rock face silently divides in the middle and two great doors swing outwards revealing a blackness deeper than the night.
cal sits at the counter of the bar, his head resting on his hands.
then she screams.
fang drops ahead as they make their way through the dark night into the gloomy forest.
merrill slaps another plank across the bedroom door.
hermione knocks the crystal ball onto the floor, picks up her bag and marches out of the room.
a shocked dillinger stands out in the open, watching the car drive off.
peter looks away.
walt takes another swig.
the slowly, he turns and takes a breath.
a pulley hanging from the ceiling swings.
the dietrichson sedan drives into the shot past camera and parks in the foreground at the outer end of the line, several spaces from the next car, facing away from the camera.
people dance everywhere.
louise sees the lights in the rearview mirror.
she helps him stand on one foot.
troops eat in a large mess tent.
the tank is a vintage world war i model with enormous treads.
lt. dan smiles, then looks away.
cary sees her too.
the sun rises higher in the sky, illuminating the town.
nick has zoe on his shoulders.
the three convicts notice the sheriff who once again stands impassively next to the man with the bullhorn, holding a leash against which a bloodhound strains.
hagrid leads the way to the shores of a mysterious pitch- black lake.
rick reaches for the bottle, and pours himself another drink.
then kisses her.
octavius pulls off a dust sheet to reveal a device with four long mechanical limbs.
slowly laurie starts up the staircase.
on the desk behind him, the telephone starts ringing.
they assemble in the great hall for the welcoming feast.
birdie's head sticks through a porthole.
mr. weasley struggles.
as the van doors are closed the sandstorm zooms in like a swarm of angry bees.
skeeter waits for hilly to drive away and then looks pointedly at aibileen.
gandhi steps back on the pavement, addressing the first youth.
she leaves him with the loaf.
he reaches for the dictaphone.
aragorn holds the sharp blade against the ghost's throat.
on the video monitor, grayish growth covers the window's ornate scrollwork.
the key continues to turn.
looks across at his neighbor and their friends gathered in the garden.
ben steps forward and grasps carl's hand.
enjolras hacks the wooden stars away so the soldiers can't follow.
seamus' face is smudged with soot.
a block behind her, screech: a car turns onto the road.
naked, lurtz's eyes follow saruman, alight with a mean intelligence.
chili's no longer listening to tommy, but now watching as ray bones and a black guy get out of the car.
she turns back, face to us, and goes on with her stirring.
pete rides through a red light and makes a left between oncoming cars.
mozart throws himself to his knees, and to joseph's discomfort kisses the royal hand with fervour.
making is way down into the lower depths of the citidel.
gittes is holding the bifocals with the broken lens now.
spider-man looks away from the man, then bows his head and stares at the wall.
and he steps around him, charlie trailing, as the first youth stares at them sullenly.
bleek takes off running toward the parking lot without stopping to explain.
he hauls him up -.
he ties daisy to grandma's chair.
lee walks back onscreen, to the bookshelf behind the drawings.
mother is sitting at her dressing table in an evening dress and an elfin brown wig.
the little car slips from her grasp and she rolls her eyes.
he shakes some powder into his hand and tastes it.
sitting up, he glances around the room, then takes a sip.
the boys run along a sewage pipe, followed by the guard hot on their heels.
he squints and sees juno pulling away in the van.
helen, glancing around warily, runs down a corridor full of shadows cast by the flickering lights.
in the master-at-arms' office, jack peers at the water covering the porthole window.
starting to run.
they stand.
maguire, walking out of the house, woken by the sound of laughter.
anheuser frowns, looks up and turns.
the crowd are cheering his name.
they each take a swig.
the blank pages turn themselves over quickly.
he gives harry a faint smile, then is drawn away through the stone archway and gradually disappears.
he stomps out.
he closes the curtains, collapses on the bed, on top of the covers, inert.
holden looks down at that book.
an owl sits on a purge outside the shop.
indy takes the cross back from panama hat.
she wrinkles her nose.
he looks at walker, walking along a few paces behind him, at the side of the procession.
in the center of the room is the billiard table, now covered by a cloth.
an open-topped carriage pulls up, drawn by two white horses.
more pages fall than he can read, scattering across the floor in a white cascade, as he circles the room.
it's locked too.
the car is bouncing and flying across the desert.
joe closes the door hard and says, angrily, but restrained.
they walk off down the corridor side-by-side.
ray drops his gaze.
he begins to speak.
the small boat sails past a huge burning ship.
david looks up, knowingly.
dr. abel sniffs and stands directly in front of the sitting mickey.
george, uncle billy and cousin tilly are behind the counter, watching the minute hand of a clock on the wall as george counts off the seconds.
walt looks at next door's garden as thao walks up his front steps.
a purple triple-decker bus draws up.
both are still dyed blue.
laurie lets her gaze move to a window.
joe looks up.
marge is peering into the car.
then rises.
as he has been out in the rain, his hair is still a little damp.
carl turns to look at the pretty dark-haired woman on the scooter.
he walks off and mrs. gardiner takes lizzie's arm.
merrill folds up the pamphlet and puts it in his pocket.
as they flee, three more intervention officers come out from two doors ahead.
he looks at the table.
rambo scratches his face idly.
he lands face down in a puddle.
icey leaves door to yell at mob.
glancing at pete, debbie yanks the bedspread toward her and faces the tv.
they watch, expressionless, as the germans march past.
they leave.
a vehicle speeds along the freeway.
tuvia cracks a smile.
looking up the street to where lenny is wheeling his bike in a u-turn.
george comes running into shot.
there are many other walkers with people crossing to the waiting arks.
it stands vibrating, then moves out of shot with receding engine sound o.s., disclosing: icey's skirts in background.
their wands reflected in the dark surface.
his voice is low and intense.
one of the men looks at his watch, glances around, then suddenly kneels and puts the package he's carrying to his shoulder.
standing at the window, darcy watches her every move.
eddie reaches out to touch her, then pulls back his hand.
instead of a human hand there is a twin-pronged metal one.
the orderly escorts laszlo off in the direction of the plane.
the old myers house looks ominous and foreboding silhouetted against the dark, whishing trees.
elsa crosses the room toward a high-backed chair facing the fireplace.
she turns off a lamp and makes her way slowly around the bed.
he is very weak by now, and his voice holds a note of utter exhaustion.
she starts to retreat.
gilbert stands behind one of the counters.
the shaft becomes a smooth pipe.
harry lingers briefly in the doorway, absently eyes the waxing moon that glimmers beyond the window, then starts to turn away.
harry is flying at high speed around the hogwarts buildings.
he cocks the gun.
carl smiles then turns away.
and suddenly it's all gone ominous.
kate's face is turned towards nick.
mirabehn and azad start to move toward him -- the man looks immensely strong and immensely unstable.
he unlocks the cabinet and opens it, revealing shelves stacked with war memorabilia.
a large spread of food and soda is on the table.
roaring down the alley.
the two men are trotting out to a mercury that sits untended at a gas island, a gas hose on automatic stuck in its tank.
tears rolling slowly down his cheeks, he gazes distantly ahead.
the hand releases him, and he hurries across the shop towards the open door which leads out into the alley.
when all the lights in the road have been extinguished, the old gentleman lowers the metal object and flicks it shut.
harry steps up on to the platform.
on the other side are tommy and lindsey, looking utterly terrified.
he eyeballs his colleague.
he kisses her and rests his cheek against hers.
on the street, children throw stones at valjean.
she moves away.
elsa is standing before a mirror, wearing a silk bathrobe.
halina falls into mother's arms and they hug.
pete walks over to debbie.
he presses a cloth to david's face.
evan frowns with distaste, grabs a towel and heads out.
he sees thelma and louise in the car.
ilsa sits alone at her table.
she leaps up, smooths her hair, checks her reflection, and goes to the door.
finally evelle turns to hi.
he becomes enraged as he throws the bottle and looks at forrest.
emily studies him through slightly narrowed eyes.
startled, don puts the gun into the empty wash bowl.
martin sits alone with his copy of the pages, quietly reading and memorizing his lines.
pleased with herself, she walks off but misses a step.
jimmy and brian stroll towards the team milling about on the training pitch.
martin pulls a gun, but cary knocks it from his hand.
she watches stricken as aragorn leaves.
vincent lifts the needle up above his head in a stabbing motion.
they all have their passbooks out.
forrest, in his army uniform, steps into the foyer of the club.
unruffled, tex starts over.
mr. crouch is transfixed, horrified.
hobbling through town, charles and martin sit sailing up into the night sky.
she runs down the wharf, as nullah runs to the stern of the boat.
there is a wide ledge beneath each window -- but below that is a sheer drop.
she jerks upright and startles louise.
he goes to the sink and washes his hands.
the tourist hesitates, then continues after her.
delmar continues to whimper.
the ship's propellers turn and reverse
pippin, rushes forward, desperately pulling the.
peter takes a step closer to kneeling brian, scrutinizing him.
energized, nelson resumes bellowing.
he looks to sound of gavel.
it's propped up by a stick, like a puppet, and it continues to make expressions as he holds it.
billy pulls away as jenny steps toward forrest.
javert's assistants pick fantine up.
hilly ushers her husband away from the table leaving skeeter alone with stuart.
sam looks up, startled.
jeff grabs the long- focus lens, lifts it up.
evan is ignored by several theta chi pledges as he plops himself by a tree and hunts through his journal to find the entry from when he was seven and visited jason at sunnyvale.
at the hilton, natalie follows ryan into the lobby.
evan's hands instinctively reach for his throat, then he realizes his surroundings.
the queen sips some drink from a glass.
a small energy arc leaps out from the sun's sphere.
she strokes his face.
rebecca is in the kitchen.
hannah turns to holly with surprise.
a white woman with a bay sits left.
her head rest on the cushion at the far end, and she instinctively falls into an attractive pose.
ben moves away from them.
the wolf and jimmie turn, heading for the bedroom, leaving vincent and jules standing in the kitchen.
he charges big dan and wraps his arms around him.
kurt reverses his white sedan, making way for dale and kurt who close in on the same narrow gap and stop.
seated in the bleachers, next to the high school band, is a group of about twenty teenage girls, dressed in pale blue and white uniforms.
graham turns off the phone.
draco appears round and ducks back.
a huge wave of flames surges towards them.
in another cupboard he finds a can of peanuts.
he makes a run for it.
gabriel takes flight as flames engulf the diner and the possessed outside.
celia shoots minnie an appalled sidelong glance.
aibileen produces a notebook and her reading glasses.
the sound of the car radio can be heard coming from inside.
renault catches the look.
as the song ends, a man claps two cymbals together.
underneath, he glimpses the top of the black spider suit with its gray web and spider emblem.
the tow truck driver looks at him with disdain, and pulling back his shirt reveals a mean-looking gun.
two men approach.
the fuel tank explodes, a massive blast!
lee and holly try to suppress their laughter.
her hand goes still as feet appear under the door.
he's scared out of his mind.
the gate remains shut.
behind them, mr. darcy and lizzie also pass beneath the arch.
he gets no answer.
it scoots around the bowling table, sniffing at bowlers and wagging its tail.
she stands there for a moment, then turns to peter.
she picks up her notebook and hands it to him.
the kids flee frantically through the debris as explosions mushroom around them.
in the bathroom, as minnie softly raises the toilet lid, hilly puts her ear to the bathroom door.
a blue bedspread with white polka dots smoothed across it.
hoisting himself slowly to his feet, he follows the cable across the room and into the hallway.
sadiki lies dead amongst piles of rubbish.
the blow has forced tears from her eyes, but she makes no move, not even to defend herself.
mary breaks away from him, and dashes into the first door she comes to, the blue moon bar.
harry smiles to himself and sets his plan book down.
faramir steers his horse through the crowd towards.
she aims at the boy and pulls the trigger.
at that moment: gandalf and pippin burst into the hallows, astride shadowfax.
he zooms off to the slytherin seeker, who is close behind the snitch.
so eddie does the same.
the two agents barge in.
she rushes forward and flings her arms around his neck.
but the trees have encircled him, their spiky crowns bending down to crush him.
it stands next to a highway on a snowy, windswept plain.
he turns at the stop.
gittes smiles, leaves an unsmiling yelburton.
an elderly woman with white hair and a pink cardigan emerges from the car.
the police car is proceeding on down the street to catch him around the corner, the driver still drawling over his loudspeaker.
up to his waist in the water, he walks away from the others.
sitting in the rafters near the projector, he watches wide- eyed.
he rises and begins to slap the wall and scream.
he presses one finger in to harry's scared forehead.
they stop talking.
the nazgul circle away from the sun rays, swiftly spiralling higher and higher.
as he runs past spoon's, looking in, he is curious.
the room is large, with a man in glasses sitting at a table covered with electronic equipment.
laszlo pays the cab driver.
a column of black-suited dignitaries carrying branches of laurel.
butch's mother, 35ish, stands in the doorway leading into the living room.
it glints, gold and beautiful in the afternoon sun.aragorn's eyes are drawn to it.
he stands upright.
as if these young men have given a signal, now from all over the city comes the sound of gunfire.
maman closes his eyes and listens to arvind.
inez reaches for a pad.
past ben and through the windshield as the robinson house comes closer and closer.
as their clothes indicate, the area is muslim, so some salaam (a touch of the hand to the forehead) and a few tentatively make the pranam back to gandhi as he moves through them.
as reggie comes off the stairs, passes the elevator gate and starts down toward the lobby, the cage a few feet behind her.
it has a bar, a short order counter, a skee-ball machine, and pool tables for small, friendly games.
martin smiles at his own joke, looks up as the maitre d' approaches.
the ventriloquist protests, but finally gives in.
the queen breaks into a smile.
inigo, closing the gap, closer, closer and he's down the stairs and heading into a dining hall and.
dyle, tex, and gideon, followed by reggie and jean-louis cross the hall to dyle's room.
harry smiles then open his eyes.
on the pitch, brian remains tight-lipped.
the old gent's stomach brushes fergus's elbow.
ben watches him go.
he passes with a herd of minions carrying papers.
king george looks up at the star-dusted sky.
willie can't help but stare at it.
andy walks nervously into the bright, airy office, which has black-and-white framed photos on the wall.
she lays her head on his shoulder.
camera moves with them as they proceed down the street.
helen enters the shot.
asael looks over to arkady who's standing with his back to them both, tucking into his large portion of food.
he lays it down and rises from the table.
she rests her hands on his bare back and he clasps her face as he kisses her passionately.
transfixed, carl stares at him.
he turns to rush off and bumps smack into adam.
charlie pulls her legs in close then rockets them out at the boy's chest.
mad-eye approaches neville and pats him on the shoulder.
merrill follows his eye line to the baseball bat mounted above him.
she pulls away.
at the end of the day, fat ass is sitting in the car park outside the mall as willie and marcus come out.
hilly sees.
mr. lowery and his oil-lease client, tom cassidy enter the office.
helen opens her eyes.
kate shakes her head at paula in disbelief, then grabs her bag and heads out.
gandhi looks at mr. baker almost in disbelief.
george goes over to the candy counter.
in the distance, they spot kissely the milkman running ahead of a unit of armed men in black uniforms.
then, he replaces the knob, and goes on up the stairs.
he prods his stomach with his thumb.
color drains from evan's face as he realizes what he's reading.
we follow this and accelerate upwards leaving valjean and the town of digne far below, towards the sun gloriously breaking through the heavens with the alps beyond.
he is tall and refined, with a pale, debauched, yet oddly youthful face that some men of forty or more sometimes have.
courteously, bert opens the door of the taxi for eddie and sarah.
he holds up the curb and reaches for the neck of his shirt as if to tear it open.
kate enters the lounge, and joins zoe on the floor.
cary selects some suitably noisy fireworks and watches as the alien sets to work on whatever it is it's building.
he leans in towards her and they embrace.
samantha is wearing a deep red dress.
-- awful-loud -- and a twisted ten-foot square.
kay is outside the door, waiting for him.
as his turn comes, he addresses the clerk.
dale is laden with three carryout bags of nuts.
there's a second of hesitation, then he uses it for an ashtray, dropping the cigarette into it.
though he's driving for his life, he keeps talking to his wounded passenger in the backseat.
as he snaps the lighter the flame springs up.
she moves for the door, camera tracking with her.
he turns round.
gatsby steps forward and regards her with an earnest expression.
as they cuddle naked, marley swims past.
now, sandy and his daughters brush their teeth.
there is an awkward silence as gale studies his thumb and evelle stares at the ceiling.
jeff starts to say something then thinks better of it, and remains silent.
then, back to the stag, which has vanished from sight.
lewis shoots the soldier but the grenade has found its target.
a goblin stops beside the door.
carl turns to look.
drew is stunned.
three men carrying guns make their way down the spiral staircase toward an unsuspecting brody.
he climbs for a gun on the scaffold.
he snaps his fingers and points to the car, then yanks open the car door, revealing empty seats.
he stretches for a folder.
sitting downstairs in the black section of the audience with sing song.
harry seems awestruck.
she dances closer.
helen's car is parked in the rain.
sam staggering under frodo's weight.
he replaces the disk, starts engine, and drives away.
she wanders through the adjoining room, lost in thought.
wearing an orange dress, she looks at fletcher, then walks away from him and the cabin.
rebecca compares it to her pink one.
he takes several bullets.
mr. cunningham finds cole sitting in a poor villager costume as a female teacher kneels next to him and makes final adjustments.
pearl, frankly bored, dangling her doll, is yawning.
a 32-year-old humorless, armed soldier stands there.
rubbing his shoulder, she lies down behind him.
more timbers fall from behind and around him.
he shines the light down the path.
the gates are opened.
ba takes the last step, so that they are face to face.
hearing the machinery, the alien looks away for a moment, then turns back to joe.
camera pans down to include jean-louis, his hand held firmly by the man in the mask.
he is transfixed, staring hungrily toward the outcrop.
and buttercup whirls as we.
he proceeds to the bedroom, and the lights go on there.
debbie pouts and slides the phone back.
out of control, the plane skids and crashes first into a corral of goats and then into the farmhouse beyond sending a cloud of dust into the air.
bathilda gazes at him, then picks up the candle.
but the pass stops that huge hole in the ground surrounded by crumpled cobwebs.
they all walk towards the bar.
he passes a couple to walt and keeps a couple for himself.
marge flashes a thick fan of pound notes.
aunt petunia sees uncle vernon off to work.
inside, carl walks up to the bar and sits.
he looks for the cookie.
ron takes one and bites into it.
hagrid smacks the beast's hindquarters.
they both smile.
in a grand building, moriarty is signing a copy of his book on asteroids for an admirer.
she is stomping back to the car.
we see the rotting straw mattress within as they enter, then fantine lays down.
he shines it on a building nearby.
dull reflections materialize in the darkness.
then lowers his grief-stricken eyes and nods to himself.
he puts his arm around clarence, and they start off up the road.
he dives for cover as the coach flies low over his head.
cherie takes a seat by the doors.
on benches by the water's edge, lovers are surprised by the bright light which suddenly and without warning discovers them in various attitudes of mutual affection.
the two friends shake hands and tuvia strides past the little group of jews who watch him uncertainly.
the rest of the family have reached the next truck to be filled.
ryan, natalie and alex go stand around a table.
in his apartment block, ryan pulls his case along a hall.
the wheel stops spinning.
she smiles and looks at him.
mr. bennet stands next to jane.
they all go down -- but martin is in agony all of a sudden -- his leg ripped by concrete.
it is a bat, swooping in slow loops around the room.
in the garage, jeep is cleaning the cot.
we descend on the main quad, to find edward bloom dunking his head in the fountain.
the saucer crashes through the unisphere, an enormous steel globe, and thuds to the earth, crashing through brush, dirt and rock.
ben ignores his phone.
beneath, the photos of the seven people killed.
randal salutes him.
the stag lowers its head to eat some grass.
snape is still muttering to himself.
carl moves his mouth.
tess is at the bridal shop.
thomas raises his glass.
as tuvia contemplates the cabin full of sick people, lilka comes in.
george and mary dodge through the rain and a shower of rice and get into ernie's taxicab, which pulls away from the curb.
he slams down the receiver, then creeps to the hallway door.
the towel falls and a  better than perfect breast exposed.
debbie is doing sit-ups while talking to jason, who holds her feet down.
watched closely by helen, mike removes the oxygen mask and offers the being a cup of water.
she does so, and he dabs makeup onto her eyelids.
marius brings the torch closer to the powder keg.
it then starts to pick up bulging sacks of money from the vault and stuffs them into yellow bags.
szpilman picks up the tin and follows.
he stomps on the gas pedal.
he makes a shot, chalks his cue.
framed within a v shape, a city skyline.
inside she does an interview for the cameras.
sidney looks him in the eye.
she throws down the grocery bag and picks up a loose branch.
and the back door is knocked off.
the dust drifts across it, revealing a cricket pitch, with tiny sticklike figures running on the green.
two women enter separately.
he lifts his head back, his chin quivering.
when harry wakes, he's in bed in the hospital wing.
cal releases rose.
harry drops his glass and clutches his stomach in agony.
he has a wound to his forehead, and his face is black with soot and grime.
nick is stony-faced.
santa mooches inside past his less than impressed elf.
dark-haired nate looks morose.
he goes to another door.
harry kneels beside her.
elsewhere, in a home, a young, long-haired woman walks past a small dog as she carries teacups to a table.
joe gives jack a cool unconvinced look, then returns his attention to the pamphlet which features pictures of pumped-up boys apparently having a fantastic time playing baseball.
the dad wears a clerical collar.
chili lets that sink in a minute.
ben stands with his back against the door.
she fiddles with her collar.
the long haired woman smiles and pushes rose away in a wheelchair.
finally carol hears muffled throat clearing on the other side of the door.
he carefully steps through the thorns.
from above, the black plastic swimming pool cover enfolds him, wraps him up, and sinks into the dark water.
marwan turns round.
a pair of feet running.
strider leads the hobbits through the gloom of the forest.
leopold is a desperate, once-handsome man of sixty, now far too much the subservient courtier.
the businessman closes his locker with the code and leaves.
as two farmers shake their heads, we reverse to a show a massive hole punched through the side of a barn.
bond hauls green back up by the hair and dumps him on the floor.
the skaterat throws a tin which bounces off fat ass's hand.
harry's blood is added to the cauldron.
jacob cocks his head, then nods.
a winged blue pixie watches him from high up on the top of a gold picture frame.
they watch as the door to the bathroom opens and the dark hooded figure of david dunne steps in.
she tries to straighten his stiff, right leg.
she goes up the two steps, stops, turns back to jeff.
he takes her hand and gazes into her eyes.
with hideous stealth, she follows frodo.
peeling out from in front of the bank.
ben, now tim, goes to his car.
behind it, stands the snow-covered mansion.
nick glares stony-faced as harken creases up.
a jogger crosses in front of him.
the thermostat on the wall now reads, fifty-two degrees.
people cheer, but the goblet glows red once more and another name flies out.
he wears a newsboy cap, v-neck, and tie.
they move across the meadow like a nursery frieze.
the figure runs off.
david's on the bed fully clothed.
the creature is wearing a filthy rag.
opening it with a smile, she finds -- standing there, bottle of red wine in hand, is colin.
mozart goes to the girl.
he has stubble on his chin and wears a t-shirt and sleeveless biker jacket.
harry's swollen and misshapen nose is back to normal.
carl throws himself into bed and sets an alarm clock.
the guys find jones drinking in the bar.
jack magnum does his intro, now standing in a balloon basket.
olaf busts a crimson metal sneer and cackles deeply.
the waitress collides with a colleague.
the security guard says farewell to the last shoppers.
the white queen slowly turns.
she wraps her arms around the little girl.
she picks up another photograph.
eddie pushes by the photographer, then stops as he sees sarah's body laid out on the tiled floor.
he screams again.
winstead stands, with his back to her, as he sets his hat on his head.
she unloads liquor and canned goods from the carton, then goes to join eddie by the window.
harry gets up.
she breaks off, distracted by the sound of the door opening.
he spots an empty seat next to hannah.
her skin is dead white, and her body is thin to the point of emaciation.
ron, a dark silhouette against the window, wipes a patch of condensation from the window.
joseph takes several paces back towards an open covered door.
indy throws open the window shutters and looks out.
charlie aims the remote at the tv.
upbeat jazz begins to play and the film cuts to: the facade of mount sinai hospital.
doyle gives her a scathing look.
he holds out a hand to lizzie, who reluctantly takes it, and they cross the floor to join the dance.
outside, on one of the decks, passengers wade through waist -deep water toward the lifeboat in the middle of the ship.
an elevator door opens.
he fixes his eyes on malfoy who smiles slyly.
in the palm of his hand there are exactly two cents.
fergus, walking outside dil's place.
she grins to herself.
aragorn walking into the blackness.
elijah, in a shimmering, purple, silk suit, gazes at david.
red drives, sitting next to the younger escapee.
as tommy prepares to bash his brains in, evan whips out the pepper spray and nails tommy in the face.
parked nearby is a car containing all of their supplies.
leaning on the balustrade, he drops the locket into hermione's hand.
martin zarkovich notices and roughly pushes two bystanders out of his way.
she sets it down on a table in front of a wealthy white man.
in the speeding ambulance, ashton hauls himself up with a firm grip on the metal bar he took off the gurney.
a couple comes in the front door.
ron saves it.
then, and without breaking the kiss, she swings her legs over the side of the bed, toe-searches around, finds her shoes, slips her feet into searches them.
they all look rather uncomfortable.
black and white frame-by-frame images of the explosion, which is blanked out by static.
bobby answers the door to harken, who hands him his phone and shoots him in the chest.
from now on the scene plays in dimness, save for the shaft of light from the entrance hall.
their vehicles raise a cloud of dust on the other side of the river they are camping next to.
she aggressively rubs his deodorant onto her armpits as he creeps into the room.
carl tunes the guitar.
and desperately grabs a handle.
he sticks out his teeth.
he pushes himself to move faster.
forrest runs along a desert highway.
he smiles nervously.
suddenly 2 galloping ringwraiths emerge from the trees behind!
big dan rears back and whacks at his head.
as laura sobs, a light goes out behind wilson.
professor dumbledore takes the camera from colin creevey's stiff fingers and opens the back.
he moves through the pumpkin patch towards buckbeak.
it sprouts leaves.
he closes the door and starts the car.
joe drives, donny is asleep.
he clings to the bumper as the driver reverses.
rose stares expressionless.
taylor helps carry the president away.
jessica flaps her hands in disgust.
he opens his bedroom door and goes down the hall.
he stares up at a rundown tenement building, then lowers his eyes to see a grimy kebab by the name of kebab palace.
he gives willa the eye as we pan to center willa, who looks wooed and self-conscious.
while murdoch turns away, ismay slips into a seat on the collapsible.
outside her apartment, two men watch from inside a car concealed underneath a bridge.
the l'eggs stocking is pulled over his head to distort his features.
the door glides shut.
his eyes are watery with emotion, but he stares at gandhi rigidly.
it's like he's only half-there, fighting to hang on to this world.
vogel pulls indy from the tank entrance, yanking on the chain wrapped around his neck.
marty in the foreground, beckoning to soldiers to come on.
her arms folded, mj looks slightly flustered as the guests applaud.
in the morning, pete awakens on the couch, hanging off in an awkward position.
carl glances back, starts digging for money.
rambo's gaze does not waver from the pirates as the boat leaves the pirate dock behind.
he grips harry's arm.
tuvia stares ahead like a man who has lost his way.
theatrically shielding her eyes from the sun, she waits for aibileen's reply.
she seems disconnected from what's happening.
groans emerge from the boys who are listening on.
graham turns back to the television.
he gives her a kiss then walks back towards his car.
ron has his left arm in a sling.
a jeep drives up and joe sees his dad and louis get out of it.
now, a shower with steamy glass doors blur our view of a couple having sex.
ryan finds natalie sitting in a room crammed full of office chairs.
he kisses her had, looking up at her with a flirtatious smile.
snape raises his wand, and completes two circles, in the air.
the uniformed guard opens the door, allows the man to go in.
nate gazes into andy's sad eyes.
a beautiful young woman steps forward.
the two men stare long and hard at each other.
and walks out of the chapel.
then berniski dies.
as they pass melvin she does not break stride, nor give him notice.
from its distant glow we can see that people line the platform of the small station, waiting, but we cannot tell how thick the crowd may be.
charles was mixed up in something terrible.
he slams against the wall.pinned there by some unseen force.
she hurries to the stairwell and calls down it.
on the remains of the platform, the cinay camera runs out of film.
he scrambles up, clutching his stomach with both hands.
he waves as he exits through the door.
with gandhi still looking back anxiously, the car pulls off.
the older saleswoman speaks up.
ernie opens the door, revealing himself as a homemade butler.
jack stretches the chain connecting the handcuffs out on the water pipe.
as the agent watches, the window glass is attacked.
he jumps over it.
he stops harry with his walking stick.
now on the dirt road, purvis aims loosely at an oncoming car holding his han gun
he sets down food and drink.
she gasps.
audrey follows them.
the old bishop is holding out the two silver candlesticks.
he tries to kick them away.
parrish regards joe, then susan, his face reflects a sudden concern with their relationship.
dante chases veronica down and grabs her by the door.
as bren goes back to her paper dogs, juno pours the dregs of her drink into bren's ornament.
joe tries prying the locks off with the tire iron -- it doesn't budge.
dyle gets to his feet and starts up the stairs, followed by scobie.
it bears the great seal as a letterhead and the typed message reads:
zus runs into the office,
harry opens his eyes.
peter is in a laundromat, reading longfellow.
he gives a great sigh.
moody and nymphadora tonks lead harry and the weasley family across a footbridge.
evan hangs up the phone, then checks his watch.
jody, his wife, calls from the bedroom, obviously woken up.
david picks up the paper and audrey goes to the cooker.
gittes enters and turns on the light.
slowly, and without taking his eyes off neff's face, keyes reaches back and pushes the door shut.
the van blocks skip's way.
she is apparently braless, and is teutonically pale with birthmarks on her face and arms.
louise pulls the car off the road.
the shoes are attached to a tall, blonde woman in a black dress with a fur collar, who gives rebecca a quick once-over.
ben sets to work on the machine.
willie walks up to a display of elephant soft toys.
mrs. bennet sits with a smug expression.
umbridge stands watching them.
oliver follows.
sadie sits on her bed quietly doing homework.
norman stands, watching him drive away.
he looks to dillinger.
the facades of the moorish buildings give way to a narrow, twisting street crowded with the polyglot life of a native quarter.
she moves back in towards nick.
sydney stands behind elena and a dark-haired woman as they airbrush vincent's publicity photographs on a computer.
the nazi soldier pulls away from the periscope again.
nick comes out of his cottage, in his dressing gown, to find gatsby's gardeners at work sprucing up the garden.
he pulls the door open quietly.
alyssa swallows what she's chewing and releases her tongue, which is just huge.
charlie's eyes are fixed on the window above the desk in the office.
the last thing elijah sees before he blacks out, is the tail of the man's coat riding up as he move through the turnstile.
two men wearing tan coveralls are standing outside thorwald's door.
the staff onboard stop what they're doing.
lee goes over to an open door and closes it quickly.
people watching from the windows but trying not to be seen.
bingley, who has noble features and fair curly hair, is an accomplished dancer, moving through the steps with ease and grace.
streets crowded.
he screws the lid back on the pomade.
armstead's is a typical small town pool hall.
eowyn hurriedly pulling on riding gloves, preparing to mount her horse.
marius wraps his hands round cosette's.
ben fingers a rope of pearls and studies a photo of himself and sarah.
cramming the wide path leading to the tower.
a large marble block slides back and two supports beneath it tumble away.
a young priest, wearing a flowing white surplice, steps up to his lectern beside the altar.
and with that he turns, leaps -- -- and crashes right through the window, into the air shaft.
the silhouette of edgar leaps to its feet, races to the door, and throws it open.
mrs. gump takes the diploma from forrest.
the elevator descends into rising water, which pours into the elevator.
holmes turns to moran and throws down his pistol.
the camera cuts back to father flynn, who walks over to a leather armchair next to a table set for tea.
natalie has the photo of julie and jim.
michael offers up a dangerous smile, revealing a not so well kept but definitely normal set of teeth.
doctor laurel weaver, thirtyish, dark-haired, dark-eyed, general aura of darkness around her, stands above him.
robin then enters the kitchen behind her.
then puts on a slightly defiant smile.
as valjean and fantine move away, javert stares after them, then turns and quietly instructs his assistant to follow after them.
joe joins charles, who's watching the tv.
sarah hands eddie his drink without looking him in the eye.
henry nods, then steps up on a stool to fix the minute hand of the clock.
he stalks into frame and plops disgustedly down by the fire.
an unseen force drags him along the ground.
he sprints through the settlement called faraway downs.
spider-man leaps anxiously from side to side, then shoots webs right and left.
captain stacy sits with gwen.
darcy turns back on himself stopping by flickering candles.
winstead sits at a table in a small room with white brick walls.
lewis uncorks a bottle of champagne and sprays everyone as a crewman opens the safe with a cutting wheel.
vincent turns around.
harry points his wand.
the curtains flap further apart, revealing a woman in a dressing gown, sitting on the floor, and leaning against an old fashioned black radiator.
keyes and neff sit down, norton remains standing.
blood stains his temple where he was hit.
we are on the road outside the gas station as the motorcycle screeches to a halt in the foreground.
heavy storm clouds roll overhead blocking out the sun.
the obsequious mr. collins pulls up.
gittes swiftly pulls mulvihill's jacket up over his head.
rambo turns to school boy.
he leaves the office, with his briefcase under his arm.
she descends the stairs and starts to move amongst the people.
bert goes back to shuffling his deck of cards.
ron is pushed to the front.
nullah rides up as they stand glumly at the watering hole.
none of the count's blows get home.
he turns the light off and leaves.
nick catches him.
moses' voice is mixing down as we lose him from frame.
charlotte grabs for sadie's ipad, then starts trying to lick her.
the offices are ancient and a bit on the rickety side.
there is a dance floor, but no one is dancing yet because the band is still setting up.
henry is a very nervous passenger.
he smiles, but his eyes show that it is no joke.
maguire, standing there in the dark, looking at fergus.
he's holding the polaroid of them on the scooter in his hand.
a black woman with gray hair approaches him, looks across the busy gallery.
20 more tentacles ripple out of the lake!
the commander runs away.
klaatu approaches it.
several students turn to look at the door behind them.
he looks to his left, stands for a moment, a black shape against the headlights, hesitates, then grasps at links above his head and begins to climb.
a single flaming torch atop the barricade caged in by cobbles underlights a fluttering red flag.
westley, and he's lying on the table, and he's only flesh and the chains are metal and thick, but such is his desperation it almost seems he might break them.
he squints out through the viewer, then looks away a moment without it.
the snake rears up between him and hermione.
in a fur-collared coat, the exotically pretty actress wears a pensive expression.
a snatcher aims his wand at ron.
dr. smith walks back to his high-backed leather chair behind the desk and sits down.
arbogast takes a photograph out of his pocket, talks as he crosses to norman.
edward slurps down as much of the ensure as he can stand, then pushes the can away.
starting at the back, the truck is eaten to dust by the voracious mass which flies on.
sam moves forward, a fell light in his normally friendly eyes.
the tumbler is nearly full.
the commander aims at the volunteer's back.
eponine emerges from the shadows and takes the letter.
he spits in ferris' face.
rose nods.
circling behind them, we look down at ashton -- a tiny town in a tiny valley.
wesley, carl and norman sit down at the table in the big office.
javert throws off the men who are holding him and lays a few punches.
an aerial view shows graham and his family standing in the circle, which is about 100 yards in diameter.
the three conspirators look at each other wide-eyed.
he pauses near one of the wheels.
a scooter careers down the road and turns into the garage.
he wakes in a sleeping bag.
peter takes it.
salieri is sitting at his desk, staring at it.
sarah approaches him.
the camera moves into an extreme closeup of mr. white.
oddly, the dude's sunglassed face is on it; we realize that, under the magazine's logo and headline, the display is mirrored.
miranda turns her attention to black-clad nigel.
as fedora stands watching the other men digging, indy puts the cross in his pants and begins to pull himself up a rope hanging nearby.
reflected in the plaque we see the dude entering the room with a young man.
he recognizes gittes and is visibly shocked.
who watches inigo, then casually tosses his sword to the landing where it sticks in perfectly.
as he presses a silent alarm under the lip of his counter.
the ambulance arrives at the bombed hotel.
she scuttles away, as cormac comes through the drapes.
he holds their gaze, then turns to the immobile servant and with a little smile, takes the tray from him and places it on the table next to him.
miss torso, and a male partner whom we have not seen before, are practicing a pas a deux.
tim lies beside emily, watching her closely.
he looks puzzled, thinks hard, then a look of concern creeps into his eyes.
his eyes fall on a wrinkled corner.
jamal rushes around, delivering tea to the call center workers.
abby's eyes roll back.
he fixes his eyes on an over-stuffed comfy armchair and slowly walks towards it.
but he grabs her wrist, then is aware of ben.
this time he's stopped by the gray-haired man who has also come out of his office and up behind him.
taking out her wand, she draws a circle in the air.
appearing from fireplaces, fudge and his minions see voldemort.
shining their beams straight at them.
frodo slowly steps up to the pedestal.he peers into the glossy surface.
he opens the eggs.
slughorn gives him a potion.
a large guy eating a doughnut.
he comes out of the bedroom toward the phone.
the camera pulls back to see that he is in fact kneeling beside constanze.
he takes off his shoes and throws them away.
a thin smile flashes across juno's heart-shaped face and she cuts a pipe between her teeth.
the shape stumbles backward out of the closet.
they crowd into a victorian lift with metal gates.
they've slipped a picture in the back of the car.
robbie shakes his head.
the two lovers make eye contact as the burly agent marches billie away, shoving her toward a government car.
david makes a call.
with a look of concern, lizzie moves and sits next to jane.
he takes a knife and slashes his arm over the cauldron.
ryan watches her head to her departure gate.
he rants, livid, thinking hard.
she sinks to her knees, pulling several items of clothing down with her, and she begins to cry.
the camera pans off to the left until it comes to rest on the song-writer's studio.
they see the trophy.
jack pulls up towards deck which is now slanted at a forty five degree angle.
there are lots of buttons and levers on the machine.
as the girls make their way down the street.
the wand spins out of a girl's hand.
the rows of glass spheres fill the shelves, which stand close together and extend upwards high above their heads.
behind a rock overlooking the geometrically laid out compound, camille expertly assembles and loads an automatic.
huge snowflakes float above the heads of the students sitting at the long, polished dining tables.
evelle is starting to climb into the hole.
diana backs away.
lt. dan is walking across the lawn.
harry sees it and rises.
she looks distraught.
don comes to a stop and leans heavily against an iron railing, wiping his face with his hand.
they're both wearing warm winter sweaters.
two guards apprehend a man walking behind him.
holden continues to stare - mouth agape.
a fireball hits the back of the rv and leaving a flaming hole
tuvia stops to listen to the sound of gunfire.
looking up, into black: a rope is tossed up - it recedes out of the torchlight into black night - and then drops back down into the light, a noose bouncing at its end.
snape's face softens.
sam looks around desperately for frodo.
he follows a covered walkway alongside a commercially refurbished warehouse.
his whole body turned to a pile of dust.
an old scientist to harry.
inside, they barricade the doors.
it splutters and stalls.
they prop up the smiling carl.
we see steve looking back at juno for a brief second with mixed feelings.
the lights in borgin and burke shop go out.
frodo is breathing hard, desperately ill.
she takes off her gloves and scarf, stuffing them in her bag).
he kisses her gently.
gandalf reads the pain in faramir's eyes.
hi takes the envelope that he was slumped over, to ed written on its face.
demons appear and drag the libertine down to hell.
suddenly, she looks scared and backs away.
malcolm watches him carefully.
he has a drink in his hand.
he grabs a chair from the side of the room.
outside fordham university's keating hall, a young man in the crowd claps, his gaze sternly interested.
aragorn.strangely moved by the beauty of the silent sentinels.
rose moves down the long, dim corridor in waist-deep water.
they linger in the car as sadie and jodi emerge from the house.
the nco cracks szpilman across the face, turns and goes.
watson slides the lid open ad stares at the content.
evelyn's head sinks onto the steering wheel, her hair covering her face.
sadie rounds the corner.
he hangs up, takes off his hat and drops hat and briefcase on the davenport.
holding a wand in his outstretched hand.
indy only has to give it a quick glance to know.
the fell-beast opens it's wicked jaws.!
graham is on door duty.
he is age twenty-six, wearing a fine wig and a brilliant coat with the insignia of the archbishop of salzburg upon it.
joe looks back at the headlights -- and sees something very odd: the distant vehicle turns onto the tracks.
the bear looks at bo catlett.
military choppers fly over the shore line village.
the family huddled together on the grass near the picnic table and brick barbecue.
harry hides as someone passes on the stairs.
reggie turns to look at dyle.
they find xenophilius by a window, muttering to himself.
whilst his back is turned, lizzie smiles to herself.
the couples dance as fast as they can.
josephine covers well for her absent husband, a smile as warm as summer.
rambo watches them.
in a fury he lunges at frodo who falls backwards, dangerously close to the edge of the precipice -- gollum tumbles over frodo's body and falls to the bottom of the ravine.
as harry storms out with his trunk, we dolly to the street with him.
he punches free of octavius and scoots up the building.
he runs down the stairs.
the secretary picks up her phone and presses a button.
the sun beats down on the homestead and the windmill turns slowly.
with a nervous glance at his party, bingley allows jane to lead him to be introduced to charlotte lucas.
a breeze blows flynn's hat off the grave's wooden cross, as fletcher stares towards the herd visible as a cloud of dust in the distance.
harry holds up the lantern unsure of what to do next.
ilsa and laszlo walk to their room.
as rebecca runs down the street with two store bags, a black car draws up.
morgan's face is obscured by gas.
the emperor goes to the instrument, sits and plays the first bars of it.
as he does so, his son noah wakes
he breathes heavily as they gaze at each other.
she is startled for the moment, quickly makes a last notation, hands a chart to the nurse and heads down the corridor.
he releases his grip on ron and the little girl and pushes them up towards the surface.
suddenly sam appears.
he pats him on the head.
he splashes through a shallow pool with huge serpent.
jules, alone, takes a mouthful of muffin, then.
he is wearing his shirt, buttoned, and no trousers.
as his fingers touched the glass, in flashback, he sees spider-man standing over norman's body and remembers pulling the spider-man mask off peter's face.
he opens the box, which contains color slides, and holds one or two of the slides up to the light.
he starts pacing, trying to distill her thoughts.
he makes a call as he limps across wasteland.
nighttime, two range rovers pull into the courtyard at balmoral.
a meat hook is slammed into holmes' shoulder, and he's hauled up on a rope.
morgan steps up to the counter.
the suited agent steps into the operations room separated from a circular chamber by thick windows.
the bureau officers try a residential door, but finds central park on the other side.
harry looks around for the others.
ben moves around in front of her.
flickering firelight.
drew, fashioning an imperial entrance for himself, hails partygoers as he passes, quince enjoying the irony.
his eyes go, harassed, to the bottle labeled poison.
as they walk, carrying the basket between them, passing beggars and children asking for food.
jeff looks up to a puzzled lisa.
her eyes return to the printed page.
dave rushes forward to turn up the sound on don accepting a trophy on tv.
at the end of the table, a woman hangs horizontally in mid-air.
two of them hurtle forward, somersaulting high into the air.
drover lowers his weapon, as more children come out of the undergrowth.
elijah thinks it over.
an officer leads sandy out while the others follow with diana.
as she proffers the chalice their eyes meet.
they do not hug.
a somber peter again looks away from his uncle.
ripper's still attached.
michael shoves it away.
ron picks up his rucksack.
the line goes dead.
he grins and winks.
now we see donny, looking right at us.
around him but standing, are his chamberlain, johann von strack: stiff and highly correct.
she lowers her head, then raises it.
melvin, of course, cannot leave well enough alone.
enrique sees a couple whispering.
thelma does, too.
standing at the rear railing, the black haired baker watches a falling man bounce off of one of the giant propellers and cartwheel into the sea.
gazing earnestly into the camera.
they turn the knobs and the doors open to a long hallway with a polished marble floor.
and down he goes, leaving michael the only one left standing.
he makes one step forward, steps on a rolling jar, and falls.
they see a huge pool of smoke rising up above the town.
the film makers look down at the destruction.
gandhi is staring at the street.
a bag of coins hits him.
he looks in the mirror again.
suddenly, the door is thrown open and the colonel enters, incensed.
she kisses him briefly, with the gun at his temple.
indy's eyes travel up one of the four huge marble columns.
she is busy taking charge in the kitchen as evan speaks.
grimsrud swings overhand, burying the axe in carl's neck.
and if we thought it was packed before, we didn't know how many more could fit in this courtyard.
without breaking his stride, dillinger draws a gun in each hand.
javier heads down the stairwell in the hotel dressed in a spanish policeman's uniform.
then suddenly there is a gentle knocking at the door.
now, six motorbikes are gaining on the mercedes.
she sits up, startled.
at top speed the pov races through the darkened house, to the front door, out the door, down the steps and rapidly up the street.
emily dashes into miranda's office, puts a glass down on her desk, and fills it with mineral water.
tommy takes it and together they walk into the kitchen.
blond in an a-line dress joins him.
joly starts to melt the tankards in a pot to make more bullets.
video footage shows diana in a swimming costume in the sea.
jamal sees a guy dressed in an expensive shirt, wearing jewelry and dark glasses.
norman's enhanced hearing picks up the sound of the drop hitting the floor.
a blonde man with a few stray locks over his eyes sketches the drawing.
she sits on the edge of the bed and watches him.
they leave the others at the bar.
they throw themselves to the floor as the girder smashes through the window.
when he looks up, he sees sarah standing nearby.
the colonel's expression hardens.
angelina gives him a thumbs up.
as a cameraman films him, brock kneels and pulls out wads of sodden papers.
theoden tries to rally his men amid the sea of crying men and neighing horses.
as black approaches, snape puts his wand to black's neck.
harry enter the forbidden forest.
his strength overpowers them.
malcolm looks across the two children on the swings.
david looks backs at him and continues walking.
as she turns her head from the artist's formal pose, her expression barely changes.
henry and indy mount their horses.
a small grooup of people joined by bond and camille get on board.
her jacket catches on the door, and beads tumble to the floor.
the voice is coming from the dog.
perky cheerleaders jump up and down as the crowd goes wild.
she gazes at the handsome man.
she strides confidently through the glass fronted door.
charlotte tries to open the door, it's locked.
he rises and slowly walks towards the edge of the circle.
then vogel commands the tank driver to give chase.
the cat looks at dante as he passes the camera quickly.
there is a small sign giving the name of the place in elegant neon scroll.
a herd of creatures, half-man, half-horse, gallops past.
inez studies ben once more, then begins to write something down.
smiley's uniform, is happily flipping burgers on a grill.
it holds the butcher knife.
she is twirling the tassels.
she reaches out to him.
jim walks over to julie, kneels down and takes her hands in his.
the smoke clears.
the man glances round.
opens it.
he examines the dart, then turns.
she's holding a piece of paper behind her back.
harry sees cho at the next table.
alyssa and the girl race into each other's arms and fall into a way-to-passionate-to-mean-anything-else kiss.
marcus puts another young boy on his lap.
the doctor moves a scanner around on gel on jenny's stomach.
there is a light coming from this window, too.
allison and susan together by a piano; parrish, quince and a distracted joe are gathered near the terrace.
joe and alice are in his bedroom.
she continues to examine other parts of the land rover.
andy hands her pass in at the reception desk on the ground floor and is heading for the doors, when emily appears.
he fishes inside jody's inside pocket.
downstairs, debbie sits on the couch as pete paces.
spider-man fires a thread at the runaway van, leaps onto the torn off door, and he's dragged along like a water scare as he dodges cars.
back in the tent, george and friends celebrate the irish victory.
at home, he tightens up a wheel on his moped and spins it.
its style tells us some years have passed.
something outside catches his eye, and he cranes his neck to get a better look at.
and he dunks inigo's head with his heavy sword handle.
westley and inigo and fezzik, looking out at the enemy.
the conductor is going on into the car.
their eyes squeezed shut as they hungrily kiss.
a knock, the door opens and drew enters, looks at parrish, then at joe, stands poised in the doorway.
the weapon just misses him, hitting the floor in a spray of sparks, literally cracking the ground.
jenny's image walks, then vanishes.
he kneels by his son, ajeet.
high on the cliff, the towers and turrets of hogwarts school are silhouetted against a cloudy, gray sky.
they go through a door into a room with solid stone pillars.
in the library, a floating hand carries a lantern between the bookshelves.
hovering on his sky stick, he holds up in against the wall.
even old women bend over the dead bodies.
hundreds of military work to clean up fast.
malbin watches anxiously as people's anger turns to violence.
behind javert, through the storm rain we glimpse a forest of half-built ships, their ribbed frames like great skeletons in the mist.
the secret service agents take positions around the president on the red-carpeted podium.
at the foot of the cross everett snaps its last guy wire with his pincers - boink - and the four men sprint off.
the barman spots them.
as the marchers converge, there watching them are thenardier and his wife.
melvin is having a room service breakfast.
she holds a little girl by the hand and four red-haired boys hurry behind.
she looks at hi.
they tumble into the ballroom.
bones raises his own gun.
neff starts to drop the nickel into zachetti's handkerchief pocket.
hannah, who'd been mashing some food in a bowl on a nearby counter, hesitates momentarily.
we are looking over the shoulders of two uniformed policemen who stand on either side of the door, their hands resting lightly on their holstered sidearms.
the shot is framed identically to the shot in the arizona nursery where hi pulled a baby from under the crib.
the speedo creeps past 90.
she meets bernadette coming out with two plates.
he quickly turns his wheelchair around to the window until he is in profile.
andy is at her desk.
she hands him rita skeeter's book.
as the griffin continues to revolve, harry is gradually carried upwards.
a table is taken.
he sniffs the hanky, inhaling its scent, as he looks out to sea.
his face fills with strength.
diana slings the bag over her shoulder and it slides off as she arrives at sandy's car.
she sees something over valjean's shoulder.
more rat-infested water as elsa, now walking again, follows indy through another passageway lined with skulls and bones.
she goes out of the parlor.
he grabs the overcoat being displayed by fbi #2.
he tugs off his leather boots and is amazed to see several large rocks tumble out.
he picks up harry's wand.
he unwraps it.
something in this picture makes willie uneasy.
charlie hesitates, then follows nervously, more nervous for gandhi than himself.
carl gets into an elevator and presses a button.
they are the substantial citizens of bedford falls: dr. campbell, a lawyer, an insurance agent, a real estate salesman, etc.
green grabs an ax from a fire point and flails wildly at bond.
the words hit him hard.
the door opens and ginny comes in.
mary gets in the front seat of the car, with the baby in her arms.
he gestures with a raised hand.
ben stops the car in front of a house halfway down the block.
he is equally startled.
david takes a step back and stares at them from under his hood.
he reaches out his hand.
gittes and evelyn are approached by an unctuous man in his forties, with a flower in his buttonhole.
she floats away from him.
he weeps over cedric's body.
the unconscious neville comes too.
smiling broadly, daisy trots off.
elaine and several other girls run onto the court as a number of girls run off the court to the bench.
a cop spots him and takes a shot, which blows the trunk of the wall
holmes breaks free and falls onto a lower deck.
the others stare at him, anxiously.
they reach a locked, barred gate.
ron looks at hermione in alarm and walks away.
the minute elsa is out of earshot.
she takes two copies.
he glances at patel, and we see that they recognize that their bland conviction that they could talk him out of the fast was deeply misplaced.
holden gets out of the car.
ben holds his mobile to his ear.
the tallest of them, fergus, cocks the gun.
elijah, slumped in his chair, ignores him.
like a wild cat with ferocious jagged teeth, he lurches forward as venom.
peter helps the white-haired elderly woman to her feet.
bert, laying in bed, talks to a plainclothesman who stands over him, taking notes.
gittes turns slowly to walsh.
the gangsters shield themselves with the hostages as they exit the bank.
her eyes peeled, she gazes into the gloom.
a man in an orange top loads a mortar rocket into a launcher on the hill.
he throws it back along the tunnel.
she places her fingertips on the roll of the mask and tugs it back into place.
javier watches more agents pass beneath him in the stairwell, then heads downstairs.
birdie, in a ramshackle rocking chair, pours coffee.
ben grins and looks down.
as the camera slowly circles the table, hannah is seen listening to holly, her hand on her mouth.
the snow begins to settle on the towers and turrets of hogwarts school.
miller's camera lens and finally to kayleigh, whose ashen face trembles slightly.
holly chuckles and begins to look through the scarves on the table.
forrest takes out a letter and opens it.
benjamin looks at the floor then stares at daisy.
diana shifts her gaze to sandy, who flashes a grin.
under the officer's kind gaze, david sets the fedora on his head and takes a controlled breath.
he takes out his slender wand of polished wood and holds it out.
they drink wine with a picnic by the river of dusk.
the owner of the house passes with some christmas packages under his arm.
the camera moves in on the portion of the sign reading berlin.
the glowing orange meteor embedded in the ground cracks open.
he heads unhurriedly upstairs, makes his way across the landing and approaches the door of his room.
he has a blunt farmer's face.
then a voice interrupts him.
he moves, and as his shadow moves away we see the shadow of preacher, motionless.
the others look at him.
harry catches the elf as he falls.
a distant figure squats there in true spider-man pose.
he removes her glasses and looks at her moist eyes.
woodward pulls out a revolver.
next to it is a massively deformed humanoid creature with a large hook for a head, which also has three holes in it.
realizing she has to do something before dyle spots her, she turns and takes the tourist's arm and starts walking with him back toward the cafe.
his hand comes down with something wrapped in a t-shirt.
buildings fall into the canyon
he pauses to take a slug from a can of beer.
she whisks a sauce.
sam longson joins brian on the terraces.
draco stops goyle and crabbe from joining in.
waves of people move from their seats through the tunnel to the bathrooms and concession stands and back again.
he shows holmes her bloodstained handkerchief.
the two go to a table.
harry stands still for a moment, gazing at himself.
ron emerges further back along the corridor.
drivers and passengers emerge from them and walk sedately towards the diner.
it passes behind the towering empire state building.
every corner and hard surface has been safe guarded.
the sheriff stares at both of them, and when he finally speaks there is an almost inaudible tone or irony in his voice.
the vicar comes to stand before them.
as they rotate together, elise spreads her legs gracefully.
ben enters carrying four oddly shaped boxes and some flowers.
later, pete drives his wife home.
behind the wheel of mulwray's car, keeping a healthy distance from evelyn in front of him.
bond walks down a plain white corridor, opens a door and steps inside.
the stranger slowly looks up for the first time.
a chubby lawyer puts an arm around dillinger who rests an elbow on the man's shoulder.
the sisters smile at each other.
whip strides out the room wearing sunglasses.
ricky hides the joint.
loud ballet music is pouring from her open window.
a bag lady comes by with a packed supermarket trolley.
the man, ferris, recalls sitting in a room, watching as a prisoner is gagged and beaten to death with a cricket bat.
his walk is brisk -- an animal wanting to pass through the danger without giving off the scent of its mounting fear.
ray bones steps over to chili.
they both chuckle.
emily's pager wakes her.
snape makes a grab, but only snatches a hand full of air.
mickey keeps shooting glances at holly; she can't sit still.
with a roll of his wrists two knives appear in his hands.
cal places rose's life belt in the boat.
coming at us, as we go through the last few pairs of legs, are the approaching pins.
munching a hamburger sidney enters the lobby through a revolving door.
sadie walks in with joseph.
jamal turns to follow the host down the corridor.
there is handshaking all around as sam and jane get into their car.
she's shivering, almost unable to speak.
-- the flash dims on edwards and kay, sitting at a table in a chinese restaurant.
fantine presses on down the steps, trying to ignore the sailors.
he slowly runs his hand over the surface, eyes narrowed above his snow crusted dark beard.
he screams as the gun scrapes against the cliff wall, sending stones tumbling down over him.
the stock keeper man looks up from behind a counter at the far end of the shop.
suddenly he puts it up to his eye again.
elijah in his blue suit doesn't even turn his head.
after a moment someone rises into shot, obviously from lying on a bed.
joe passes an arguing man and soldier.
jenny's dad steps out toward the field.
one is of mad-eye moody with a red cross through the photo.
mad-eye has the spider over a bucket of water, it's wriggling.
hermione goes over to ron's bed.
frodo materializes as he drops to his knees, clutching his bleeding hand.
reads the label for the ingredients.
martin takes the syringe of antidote and goes.
sandra stands by the window, watching as.
the notepad is on his lap, the pen in his hand.
she picks up a silver and glass hair comb adorned with an ornamental insect with outstretched wings.
he speaks to his snake.
hesitating, she stares at the cup.
elsa holds the lighter as she peers in at him through the hole in the wall.
he's got shaggy hair, a sensitive face, clearly not big on sunlight.
she couldn't be any happier if this were her own wedding.
death eaters swoop above their heads, trailing black smoke.
motioning downward with both arms, murdoch glowers at his mate.
mulvihill's gun has clattered to the floor.
both look sharp towards cellar door o.s.
they stand, hugging, among the milling crowd.
sitting back down on the floor, he looks across at bo, and then, picks up his torch, using it to search the basement for the others.
sydney works at his computer in an office, his own.
in the bathroom, pete lies back with his legs in the air.
harry and dumbledore are inside a rocky cavern.
two other men are entering behind him.
other soldiers are clearing a space.
charlie closes her eyes.
the power is so intense helen has to look away and raises an arm to shield her eyes.
he closes the fridge door and walks away.
they turn and watch his face and body start to twist with the violent convulsions.
we watch her for a moment or two, then she remember something.
he drops the phone with a crash, grabs mary by the shoulders and shakes her.
her face sobers as she answers their unasked question.
another soldier throws liquid at them.
the colonel stares at them, suspicious.
he hands the doll to pearl.
indy fires up the engine and pulls away from the dock.
he puts the key in the door and puts his hands on his hips and sighs.
a suited man carrying a notebook comes to the counter.
there are more and more white robes drifting through the woods, all of them strangely oblivious to the three men.
he looks on curiously.
and kor khue studies his craggy features.
young salim, jamal, and latika sneak past the sleeping guard and break into a brand new but unoccupied hotel.
the candles throw their shadows up onto the peeling walls of the house, which is evidently an old one and in bad decay.
hannah takes a blouse off the rack and looks at it.
the officer turns to his men.
it is as if he wants to crash.
now joe is about three years old.
the car stops before a chain link fence.
they hit the invisible shield and retreat.
she laughs.
sandy looks up thoughtfully.
the missing super spider starts to ease its way down a silky thread from its newly spun web.
tousle-headed bond puts down his champagne glass and heads back to the bedroom.
dil walks out of the salon, smiling, and walks toward fergus.
a gold coin rolls over to the bank clerk, who's about to pocket it when aunt may smacks him.
the group parts for forrest as he walks down the middle of the road.
another suv follows.
she places one of zoe's stuffed toys down beside her.
voldemort disappears, and apparate above harry on the stairs.
harry loses his glasses.
they are passing a line of chained men in prison stripes and duck-billed caps wielding pickaxes and shovels at the side of the road.
he peels off his gray lab coat.
alyssa waves at him as he exits.
she gives up trying to interest him in romance, and moves back from the embrace.
rambo's face is doleful and weary.
jessica, who is lying on the floor nearby, spots the envelope.
evelyn stares back at him.
a bare- chested eddie is in the kitchen behind her, tossing empty cans and bottles from the sink into a garbage bag.
gandalf and saruman battle, powerful blasts throwing them across the room.
the older boy runs, pushing the trolley at speed into a brick pillar between the platforms.
the two men begin to scuffle.
the new convoy is led by a villain car, then a truck.
as watson fires warning shots up the stairs, holmes stares into an alcove.
forrest follows jenny over a bridge outside the night club.
the water rushes past him, dissolving his sandy body.
in the hospital, leah jokingly steers juno's wheelchair into a gown trolley.
jacob's sitting in the back.
he drags her through the crowd.
a tape slides into the tape player seated on malcolm's desk.
mary watches the troubled man, is almost physically pained by his anguish.
he then trots back into the bedroom and settles himself on his bed, enjoying a scratch before lying down.
the trees are unusual in one respect: all of them are extraordinarily heavily knotted.
diana sips champagne and wipes her eyes.
she lurches drunkenly, and he stops her from falling.
sim runs to rene.
on set, mike addresses the camera.
ryan bingham, a suavely seated man in his late 40s with neat graying hair and a side parting.
abby covers the cat's eyes, then looks away.
papers, pamphlets strewn all over the place.
graham carries bo as she cry in his arms.
he lays the hoop on the carpet and throws a horn split in two into it.
sadie leaves and slams her door.
a large black car overtakes them.
the queen continues to stare at it.
as he approaches them, the short cropped-haired man walks away.
the jack-in-the-box pivots on its spring, its face tumbling toward harry, becoming more sinister, transforming into a dementor.
he speaks to the maid while still looking up.
he smiles and shakes his head.
chili shakes his head, he can't believe he's hearing this.
the room is considerably tidier as a result of lorl's ministrations.
he is seeping out across the blood red sky, his face grave.
later, the queen sits at a desk and writes in a book.
then we notice something moving in the reflection.
jeep's face hardens.
in the midst of this scene, harry, in naval uniform, enters, accompanied by bert, the cop.
a sleeping gandalf lies with eyes wide open!
the smile drops as she watches him disappear into the crowd.
sasha gets the plane on the ground.
he sees mary, slows, swerves over to the opposite side of the street, stops by the curb.
back in the police station, the inspector and srinivas stare at the sweating jamal.
walter, his head cocked, and the dude, peeking over his shades, watch him go.
frodo struggles to reach sam.
he reaches for the child.
she turns away from the window and begins to doodle again.
lisa also talks in a low, quiet voice.
the door finally unlocks and opens.
they sit.
footsteps spike the air as children and mothers come running down the hall.
he opens it to the middle.
jackson's limo rounds a corner on the way to yellowstone national park.
some opposing players fall down.
harry's snowy owl turns its head, as he leaps out of bed and puts on his spectacles.
she leads him towards the door.
she responds with a smile.
donovan goes to a table where an object is wrapped in cloth.
merrill and graham pulled the children down the hallway into the kitchen.
he is cleaned-up but isn't clean-shaven.
allison squats and starts snapping carl.
blackness comes with a loud clang and continues while the echo dies.
another man approaches the front of buckingham palace and places a bouquet of flowers at the gate.
the huge, dark figure of saruron, bearing the one ring on his finger, looms over the field of battle.
he stands up.
mr. robinson turns his back to ben to mix the drinks.
the crowd disperses but alison remains.
winstead and hurt wait patiently in the recessed storefront.
the teenage boy jumps into the back of the pickup truck with another boy as the truck speeds after forrest.
the prince removes his sunglasses.
they creep away nervously.
she looks at him admiringly.
he is lying on the seat.
a queue of excited customers are waiting to get their book signed.
debbie approaches the hostess.
as he passes a woman in a wide-sleeved outfit, he transfers the package to her.
it falls right next to her.
watson returns fire with his machine gun, but the guards respond with a heavy-caliber gatling gun, forcing watson and the others to take cover behind some crates.
brian smirks a wry, lopsided smile.
he gets out of the car and heads for the set where harry is now looking up at the sky and yelling at someone.
the grail knight reaches forward and fingers indy's clothing.
ashton sits safely in his limousine.
presently, the other children hurry out of house behind.
marsellus wallace lies sprawled out in the street.
the stone floats out of the snitch.
the great hall is set out with long rows of desks.
a bottle stands beside the picture.
laurie holds up a key.
marwan stops ferris' firing.
the volcano is erupting, fire belches from it's riven summit, sending lava streaming down it's sides.
tuvia's feverish eyes watch nervously from inside the vehicle.
henry slides his umbrella through the straps of his bag.
the dragon's head hits the chandelier.
grimacing, he slams his fists on the table.
sam busily tries to stuff more and more things into his already full pack.pots and pans, blankets, cooking utensils, provisions, clothes.
graham pulls the knife out.
the two men are almost flying across the rocky terrain, never losing balance, never coming close to stumbling; the battle rages with incredible finesse, first one and then the other gaining the advantage, and by now, it's clear that this isn't just two athletes going at it, it's a lot more that that.
nehru moves to the side of the cot and gandhi smiles weakly and holds out a hand, but he is in pain.
rose stares down at the water then studies jack.
sidney cracks a wide smile and claps.
gandalf looks down to see pippin looking up at him with fear in his eyes.
forrest tries to sit on the next seat, but the 2nd recruit slides over, blocking him.
a soft smack is heard.
a shadow of dust falls on harry.
szpilman follows the german captain through a double door, hanging off its hinges, into a room with a broken table in the centre, what once was the dining room.
the crowd parts for stinking jamal.
willa just opens her mouth.
the cattle are streaming onto a ship.
the tutor is slim, with dark hair tied in a pony tail.
leaning close, harry watches the shape that appears.
one team wearing pale blue and white uniforms scores a basket.
she slowly starts taking breaths of air.
he sits beside her at a piano.
he heads through a narrow channel, peering uncertainly through the cloudy water.
sandy faces his boss, who turns to the detective.
hermione prepares a potion.
debbie hits pete with a pillow.
the president, a tall man with a receding hairline, emerges.
spider-man jumps back onto the train, clutching his right knee as the train continues its relentless surge through the city.
later, he opens his door to more of the neighbors bearing food.
a recent flashback shows them arriving ecstatically.
audrey stands in the darkened hall.
the horse-drawn carriage pulls away from the parsemage, gathering speed along the country road.
findley has a mischievous look on his face as he brings out a cloth bag and pours out the three billiard balls on the table.
there is a long pause as eddie looks from the bottle to the waiter.
two men enter.
mrs. weasley strokes george's brow.
some passengers leap off from the back of titanic which is now tilted up several stories above the ocean surface.
in black & white: a younger carolyn sits across from us in one of those spinning-teacup rides, laughing uncontrollably as she twists the wheel in front of her, making us spin even faster.
he is hit by a tomato.
spider-man swoops down and kicks the goblin from the glider.
norman looks dutifully at it.
debbie is talking to jodi, who is crying.
frightened bilbo quickly pockets the one ring and hurries on.
in another hospital room, ben makes a call on his mobile.
ursula, a tall scrawny girl with pigtails comes back in.
suddenly the phone goes dead.
he looks at it and turns it round, showing david the drawing of the hero in the cape.
the dragging sound stops abruptly.
now cry lands too.
holmes notes an empty baking tray and some royal icing in gold leaf laurels together with a shield and a newspaper on a worktop.
desi begins to take all her clothes off in front of debbie.
he is joined on either side by woo and the blond man, all three men looking grimly down at the dude.
at this moment, his attention is drawn to something across the way.
joe and alice watch him intensely.
mj looks at him and shrugs her shoulders.
with a grave look, he steps away.
mrs. walters smiles gaily.
she fills up a pitcher of water.
he turns to see the weights on the ends of the bar, and joseph walks up to him.
she steps to the front door.
he slows down in front of one house with a triple garage and box tree on the front lawn and pulls up onto the driveway.
he pulls a small telescope out of his jacket and, through it, sees another bullet hole in a window nearby.
he takes off his glasses and folds them and in silence starts back toward his place on the platform.
he sets the bottle down near the typewriter and notices the sheet of paper stuck in the typewriter's carriage.
something about him makes susan slightly tentative.
their eyes are drawn to the ominous silhouette of mount doom.
he and the guy he was talking to, smokie, lean out of the window.
the alien carries on working, oblivious to cary or joe.
he puts down a coin, then walks down the street toward the ladies, flaunting a paper bag which is obviously full of apples.
it is now more of a hard-drinking joint, a honky-tonk.
fergus pours out a cup of tea and brings it to his lips.
later on, willie is back at the kid's house in the garage.
he gets a pad and pencil from his pocket.
david walks in from the unlit landing and presses a button.
reaching inside a waist bin, he extracts a small package, slips it into his trouser pocket and, hitching up his anorak, walks slowly out.
he opens his coat and reads a label inside.
mary comes into the hall.
howard pushes himself up onto his feet and looks around.
jenny kicks his hand.
above the white cup, the note juno scribbled is mounted in a white frame on the pale yellow painted wall.
starts to move for it then looks off at.
like shooting stars, they rain down on the protective shield.
the doors slide closed.
he sets it down he sees lisa struggling with the corkscrew.
piles of papers are strewn all over.
the mercenaries make a wary record of the ruined village.
he opens the door and stops, looking in.
nehru and his friends are sprawled out around him.
she watches him struggle with the button for a while then spread his arms in a gesture of helplessness.
a triangular shape appears on a sonar screen.
he exudes over-confidence for reasons that never become apparent.
her eyes narrowing, she opens the bag and picks up the mobile.
the sun is shining, but it can barely penetrate the trees' thick canopy.
tess looks worried as jane strides off, then turns and grins at her.
a woman is draped across the piano.
a hole in the shape of a cross has been made in the building.
none of the parked cars appear out of place.
rose stepped to a railing on an upper deck behind tommy.
mirabehn is rising, leaving the magazine at her feet.
she clears a path.
hannah's two adopted children stand by her chair; she is showing them how a small camera works.
hold on joe.
the curtains are drawn except for one of the small windows on the side of the house.
daisy gazes at gatsby lovingly.
inside, passengers and crew members stand together and smile.
the moonlight coming in at the french doors shines on the anklet.
gin sits at his desk sucking in a pall mall filterless.
seeing an opportunity, edward throws the stick as far as he can.
he listens for a moment, then looks directly at her.
it rips out the supports along one corner of the building.
lydia is having the time of her life.
he seems stunned to find himself holding the knife and drops it.
without his glasses on norman crosses his eyes and holds his hands out.
violet is furious and talking in a loud voice, and george is trying to quiet her.
the shocked woman starts screaming.
as he leaves his apartment, a small white-haired woman creeps up behind him.
a group of people are jogging behind him.
he sets down the case heavily, removes his hat, and slowly wipes his brow with the back of his right hand.
but the giant spits it back out.
ricky sits in darkness with his digicam, videotaping.
illusions continue to pound against the shield.
he uses the knife like a mirror to see under the door.
they bump a parked car.
maria rushes to look out to the window at a carriage that's arrived.
cal aims, but the gun is empty.
her brow furrowed, emily stares at him.
it takes him a few precious seconds to work his way around them.
as the four white horses come to a halt, the footman comes over to open the carriage door and help lizzie out.
puts the glasses on the table, uncovers the wine, and begins screwing in the corkscrew.
zus and tuvia follow, their arms wrapped around each other's waist.
they gaze up nervously at the ghostly skull, a dark mark still hovering above their heads.
far ahead, he sees the ruins of a stone archway.
we see the entire stairway and part of the downstairs hall.
nema looks up hopefully as tenzen pulls open a round hatch.
the snipers have disappeared.
he and alex get out of the car.
we pan the fire to the sky.
our two loafers lounge on a bench.
everyone turns to look up.
she takes a deep, deep breath.
the charge continues.
she stops.
ben runs out of the office.
he slumps in this chair, clutching his forehead.
the pirate leader turns his gun back on rambo.
gandhi walks along slowly, taking the pace of the ailing gokhale.
gandalf, aragorn, hobbits looking horrified.
a plate is passed along to kate.
buttercup, looking from one to the other; then something else catches her eye and we.
jude, on the floor, reaches for her gun.
she watches him go.
there's a white flash and suddenly they're all flying through the air.
he grabs her by the elbow.
queenie closes her door on the old lady, who's wearing a pearl necklace, then peels the blanket from over the baby's face.
the general eyeballs the little frenchman and takes the map nodding.
he looks at his reflection in the mirror, calmly takes a cloth and starts to wipe the blood from his face.
lizzie is now admiring the formal gardens.
we pan her into frame uncle birdie steptoe's toy-like little wharf-boat.
the door swings closed behind them.
dil draws fergus back to the bar.
they hide as they see a monstrous shadow ahead of them.
the front door opens to reveal carolyn, greeting us with the smile she thinks could sell ice to an eskimo.
whip gazes at an enlarged photograph of katerina on the screen.
the last of the soldiers stagger away from the dance hut.
a tearful inez glances at ben, who gives her an encouraging little smile.
and as they do, all motion freezes.
willie's head lolls to one side as he inhales the noxious fumes.
the women flaunt and flip the fax machine over.
he dials a cell phone.
in f.g. sits laurie, slumped against the door frame, staring out at nothing, tears streaming down her face.
he trips, tumbles over the forgotten trunk.
the burly man comes up to her.
eddie is lying on his bed staring at the ceiling, the crashing of pool balls sounding in his head.
part of the mountain breaks in pieces as the ark moves ever closer to a collision.
he picks up a book from the coffee table between them.
they look over the balcony, the flying horses pulling a carriage head off into the distance.
he looks at her through doleful eyes, and she scrutinizes his features.
he crosses to -- a candle-lit table with a fancy dinner placed in the center.
they stand facing each other.
three bodyguards quickly jump into a nearby car and follow her.
moving quietly, the doctor goes to the other side of ba and crouches, and lifts her wrist to feel her pulse.
andrea nods, holding up two comp books.
malfoy and his crouniers cheer.
he takes his daughter's hand and starts out of the room.
he dashes over to a bureau and pulls out a sheet of paper.
he puts the receiver down, and resumes his vigil.
something moves beneath the steps she's standing on, and king george dances by his hilltop fire.
she was drying his hair with a towel.
she holds up the cakes.
a small boy with blackened face and hands peers up at his two older brothers.
arthur and others approach.
indy finally frees himself of vogel's grasp, twisting his arm painfully away from indy's neck, then landing a hard blow to vogel's head.
ron hangs back as hermione walks across a clearing in the trees towards the sound of crying.
merrill backs away as he watches the top of the stairs.
the brumby bucks wildly, trying to get away.
as camera moves up closer to him, he turns and we get our first glimpse of george as a young man.
through the glass adam can be seen, leaving the sortie area.
mr. robinson gets into the car and starts it.
holmes starts pulling at a coat watson is using as a blanket.
he walks through the market.
the death eaters release their captives.
merrill opens the front door.
as crowds walk into the foyer, and tickets are checked and stubs torn off, mj is suiting with a fellow actress in makeup.
it continues along the road a short way like this before righting itself.
the gate slides open.
one was a man dressed as a woman.
through the glass door we see don birnam hurrying up.
he pounds his pal charlie on the shoulder and collapses into a nearby chair.
he gets startled by the sound.
janina is no longer there.
a car is stalled.
javert frowns and his eyes dart about wildly.
he sees an arriving police car and backs into a recess by a set of double doors.
she's shortly joined by a small, gray-haired man.
his expression grows solemn.
on foot, on bicycles, on horse-drawn platforms, some pushing prams loaded with belongings.
the studio lights come on as technicians assemble equipment.
malfoy strokes his monster book, and it purrs contentedly.
with zus and all the rest of the soldiers following on foot.
emily looks down and smiles wistfully.
she casually reaches out to a branch above her head, and pulls off a leaf.
he sorters coolly away.
he is mopping his brow with his handkerchief.
he looks up to see in the distance a slow procession of people.
he swerves at sandy, sending him into a grassy median.
ben lies in profile.
they all run to the boys' dormitory and stop in the doorway.
soldiers break into homes and drag out youths.
charles grabs a coke on the counter.
the young man digs nervously into his jacket for the money.
he takes it, extracts some bills and begins counting them.
a storm is coming.
some inmates smile.
he's pleased to see rick.
he takes a pull on one of his ever-present cigarettes and blows smoke.
bandy turns and looks up at the black nullah.
just the odd, dying chugs and screech-screech- screech of train wheels running out of momentum, hisses of steam, the unnatural bending of steel.
the couple begin to kiss more urgently.
lit by the glow from the fire harry turns round fully to face peter revealing ugly burns on his right cheek and a scar across his eye and throat.
quickly, harry hides, watches a man's boots descend the stairs.
moody taps his stick.
the two leaner men split off together.
now, with the water level up to their waist, they trudge like a funeral cortege slowly and solemnly across the endless flat marsh.
walter looks up to his old friend and grins.
in background, rachel and children hurry towards her.
she reaches back quickly and pulls on the overhead light.
lama looks up from his seat on the floor as the wind picks up.
he attempts to get it up the stairs, but finds it hard going.
amazingly, boromir continues fighting, but another arrow.and another, brings him to his knees.
violet bick comes into the scene and turns to face george.
hearing mj's screams, spider-man leaps from inflatable to inflatable and uses one in the same of a kangaroo as a trampoline.
from above george a body hurtles past and lands in the water with a loud splash.
he opens his mouth.
robert phelan takes a sip of bourbon.
her eyes open and she gives the start.
the boys watch in horror as it slaps him against the walls of the bus.
frodo pushes sam away, clutching at the ring beneath his shirt.
as hoover exits a nearby office, purvis stands.
gin is having a pedicure.
the next morning he is roused by a distressed kid and is unfazed as his grandma.
dressing quickly, harry packs his trunk.
wick looks up.
we are inside a cupboard.
all eyes are on rebecca, who gulps nervously.
the cloaked man moves away.
row upon row of marble tombs are visible in the dim light.
swings toward the shuttered window with his feet extended.
arvind feels his way from jamal's hands up his arms to his face.
frodo stumbles and falls.quickly he crawls behind a tree.above him the sound of uruk-hai crashing through the forest rings out.
suddenly she looks up in surprise -- there, across the tracks on the opposite platform is adam.
the green goblin falls to the ground.
jamal looks up from the screen to see a nasty grin on the host's face.
evan picks up a model airplane from the desk.
simon finishes dialing the phone.
stella and jeff are heard over.
clarence is puzzled by this conduct.
laurel weaver, the woman who tried to speak to jay before.
she sits across from bleeker and pulls the pick out of the strings.
kate finds another one.
fezzik leans over him, listening for a heartbeat.
the lights and advertisements of time square have no one to see them.
they hold on, long and hard, and both seemed choked with emotion.
its glow makes a dark silhouette of the towering city skyline and sunbathes the buildings lining central park as rush hour begins.
murdoch, with his collar up, peers over the railing outside the wheelhouse.
it's the same look she had at the beginning, when he dropped his briefcase, but whatever power that look had is gone.
sayid stabs his older companion.
lizzie is walking through the grounds.
the room is filled with model airplanes.
autumn leaves falling and gusting in the wind.
everyone gives him disapproving looks.
but he does not penetrate inigo's defense.
he grins and walks off.
a shadow moves on the stairs.
then one after the other, places his hand on the surface and starts to climb.
peter stands still for a moment, his jaw firm, and then he runs out onto the street.
mr. miller knocks the blockbuster from evan's hand and it rolls towards the other side of the room, resting peacefully against the video camera.
she looks down and taps her watch, which is stopped at half past eight.
helen and danny watch them leave.
another sphere sits in the middle of a desert.
ben thinks for a moment.
he rolls to his feet.
a smiling brian waves as he gets on to a plane.
sniffing at a particular spot on the hall carpeting.
as sadiki and al-masri shake hands, tony takes photographs from a car.
george rushes into his office to look out the window.
legolas turns to aragorn with urgency.
water empties out of the elevator as it rises.
former mayor sam bagby is speaking.
audrey joins her mom on the floor, beside howard.
she blasts him with more chemical as he exits.
redgick gets out of the car, worried.
carolyn immediately becomes warm and gracious.
the very english, very steadfast charlie fights to contain his emotions.
he reaches over and depresses a key and puts the earpiece to his ear.
sam, merry and pippin comfort each other as the white ship glides away from the dock.
harry's eyes widen with surprise as he reads the address written in emerald green ink.
he turns on hearing a woman's laugh.
he starts peeing on the rug.
she smiles as they applaud.
looking overwhelmed, connie puts her hands to her mouth.
vincent finishes, then dries his hands on a white towel.
he speaks without looking at them.
he parks the car.
her sweetness dissolves in a flash.
avoiding the falling rubble, he stops suddenly as he reaches a black stone wall.
the dude is leaving the bedroom.
light plane approaches mcallen airport as the runway crumbles into the chasm.
he seems most out of place in his cheap suit, making his way through the crowd to the bar.
lee, smiling, continues to listen to the music, her head down; elliot stares at her.
she gamely flicks the heavy metal devil horns at george and tess, who, grinning, do the same.
the dude pulls out an album with a worn sleeve.
pink and mr. blonde surround him and proceed to beat the shit out of him.
the slytherin captain aims again for the goal.
in zoe's room, kate searches through a cardboard box.
nelec offers a vague, searching smile.
the snobbish woman gives her the eye.
he bursts into the bedroom.
a cop throws a man out.
joe lights one of the sparklers and tosses it into the tunnel.
tom drags harry's trunk inside, then pauses and, with a flick of his wand, silences the car alarm.
sitting down, debbie rests her head on her hand.
a guard grabs her shoulder.
watching from the doorway, kara glances at ryan.
he walks slowly toward her.
henry slaps him across the face.
kenny takes the cash they offered and goes.
from the swing, joe watches as a good-looking man with shoulder length blonde hair gets out of the car and walks towards the house.
the print itself makes him squint.
he comes to a room and knocks gently on the door.
she slams it closed, distracted.
harry's arm goes completely limp and floppy.
he stops, looks down at lampert's body for a moment.
suddenly she sees wick trying to kick the bottle back under the couch.
the guys consider for a moment.
pippin, suitably chastened, nods.
the dust cloud, rising.
then jeff recovers, and answers with some anger.
frodo's fingers squeeze tighter around gollum's.
back in the basement, the main light is on.
drawn by the sound of the bells, he looks up at the torrential rain pours down.
lee eventually crosses a street, lost in thought, looking right and left, as elliot, pretending nonchalance, waits on the corner, looking at his watch.
he spies cal smiling at him.
they go through the doorway into the parlor.
walker turns back to gandhi, puzzled.
the trolley with the television on it starts to roll, as do other filled trolleys around.
ben stands in the doorway watching her intently.
he stabs with all his might into the black leather cover.
she looks after him, clasping the magazine under her chin.
as she unpins the nappy, her face stiffens with displeasure.
an anxious mrs. bennet and the rest of the girls are sitting in another room, waiting.
vizzini, cutting through the last of the rope and.
joe paints his model on the floor of his living room, watching in search of and talking to charles on his walkie talkie.
joe senses parrish's tone, doesn't answer.
evelyn is looking at gittes' nose.
he looks to the nurse call button.
he lifts the cart off the trapped man.
harry looks at the pedestal, then at ron.
he crashes into a bin.
he waits as the across the stone flow towards the gigantic curved head and starts to climb.
while ruth, rose, and cal lunch with several guests including molly brown and a brown-haired man with a mustache.
the bats fly out into the open and swoop low over harry and hermione's heads.
the hem looks uneven.
he raises his foot, and it zooms up to its rightful place.
ravache takes a gulp of red wine and wipes his mouth with a napkin.
hearing a noise, he looks up.
then: she looks at him.
bo stands beside him.
lenny finally flings hi away.
spider-man pummels octavius' face.
minnie watches her with a look of a satisfied bullfrog.
forrest runs free of his braces and begins to pick up speed.
mj and her man walk off, arm-in-arm.
benjamin leaves a taxi and strides through a grassy courtyard.
another soldier catches one in the leg and eye.
he sends harry spinning.
they set off.
he comes running into shot, sees the car, lets out a triumphant yell, pats the car, and dashes on.
lie the decomposed remains of a knight in armor.
inigo, momentarily surprised, then taking off after him, leaving westley and fezzik to exchange curious looks and rugen, running through a half-open heavy wooden door, shutting it and locking it just as inigo throws himself against it.
his shoulder is bleeding.
he's born to the water.
and louis looks at him with hope.
gritting their teeth, fred and george glare at her.
the girls file out of the classroom.
he walks out of the room through the french windows out onto a terrace.
the rain has stopped.
professor slughorn drops a leaf into harry's brewing pot.
the dude gropes back in the toilet with one hand.
president nixon makes a resignation speech on tv.
he hesitates before he crosses the threshold, taking in as much as his eye can see, now tentatively, he enters.
she looks like a sweet little boy.
jeff is amused at the dog incident.
reaching it, they scramble out onto the translucent rock.
denethor runs across the white court atop minas tirith.
fergus kisses her.
gollum still triumphant on the edge of the precipice.
elliot glances admiringly at the drawings, then surreptitiously at lee, admiring her body as she converses with an offscreen dusty and frederick.
they watch the funeral cars pass.
they mime keeping each other warm, and she ducks back into her tent.
nullah reaches into his pocket and pulls out flynn's harmonica.
koscik holding the vodka bottle is standing outside his cottage.
jimmie opens the door.
she is singing it a lullaby.
all six of them are still as they stare at the tv, four standing, audrey and howard sitting.
as rick lights a cigarette, renault shows up.
young parker keeps walking, his eyes fixed on mary jane, not seeing a leg stuck out in front of him.
she tries to pull the door open.
it's thrown by the boat, which has headlamps mounted on its canopy.
in his study, professor dumbledore examines a book with a hole burnt in it.
the chain link fence with its keep out sign is open and there are people milling around.
king george sings, jumps and dances with his spears against the flaming sky of sunset.
a second prisoner is stopped from following him.
a building on the riverside features a sign, comprising a large painting of a cobra, on the wall.
willie shoves the kid.
ben is in his face.
zoe cuddles up to her furry kangaroo.
on the train, albus ducks to avoid a whiz-bang, and enters a compartment.
later, in her room, sadie sits on her bed doing homework.
the creature moves to its feet.
merrill removes the pickaxe from under the doorknob and pulls open the door.
kate walks wearily into her apartment.
voldemort turns to his death eaters.
they look toward a paper seller.
outside the ash continues to fall as crowds mill around.
max stratton, an fbi man in his early forties, is looking at the ident-a-kit drawings of louise and thelma.
stiff as a board, he trudges off past a crowd of staring people.
the secretary picks up a pen and offers it.
she walks round the room.
walker is off to one side, climbing to stand in the back of collin's car.
buttercup is in her late teens; doesn't care much about clothes and she hates brushing her long hair, so she isn't as attractive as she might be, but she's still probably the most beautiful woman in the world.
the gendarmes run to renault.
harry waves them right into the two cracked red leather chairs facing the desk.
the game is played in a snowstorm.
the moving forest of fangorn.
snape becomes a huge, black spider.
the dust begins to clear.
they kick at each other.
benjamin looks out of a window and sees a taxi pull up outside.
jeff smiles affectionately, and starts to turn his eyes away; but something startles him, and he looks quickly back.
the rope-tied trunk still sits in the bedroom.
estevez steps up to cuff him, and is spun around as a shield.
he lowers the long-focus lens and he is sweating with anxiety.
he holds her tightly.
he comes downstairs and looks through the kitchen window at her outside.
he gives john a cup of coffee.
octavius strides up to the safe, removes his dark specs and stares at the tritium.
ron holds a gift box.
a blind arvind smelling the hundred dollar bill.
with a dismissive glance, tom goes inside.
instantly, the dementor appears again.
henry turns and grips the mounted machine gun with a perplexed expression.
ben brings elaine through the door to the porch.
jeff raises both his hands.
another agent rounds the corner.
she bangs on the door, rattling the doorknob helplessly.
they come to an area littered with the stuff of a living room.
john has taken charge.
she's trying to be seductive as she says this, but she's pretty bad at it.
spider-man grabs hold of the carjacker, who pulls a gun.
he squats down for a moment, then straightens up and turns to marwan, who cocks his head back towards the suv.
his trousers covered in wet sand.
now he's clawing his way unobstructed toward charlie again.
camera moves closer to potter.
balding bobby pellitt is partying hard with three thai hookers in skimpy underwear.
he takes out his phone.
the szpilmans sit in the same place, with henryk sitting a little apart and now reading a small book.
legolas the elf moves lightly across the top of the snow.he suddenly pauses.
escobar drops the sheet.
sandy reaches into his pockets and comes up empty.
skip pulls up on a busy street and gets out.
harry closes his eyes.
wilson looks ill.
cradles her yard of the month sign and carries it inside to the amusement of the onlookers.
they look at their thick sludge suspiciously.
chaya and asael are both held aloft by their well-wishers.
he crosses to the window.
he weakly raises himself on his elbows to look down the street.
he is still.
watson sees a woman with the conductor in the corridor.
as the bus cruises past, he sees that it's elise.
and as this blow comes he's trying to use the wall for support in forcing himself to his feet, and it's not a roaring success of an attempt, but he does at least make some progress, and again he manages to parry the thrust, as this time rugen's sword runs through his right arm.
szpilman scans the mob.
carolyn sits up, eager to learn from the master.
the car pulls to the side of the road.
technical director, cliff, turns to abby.
as more cubicles are smashed to smithereens, they throw broken pieces of wood at the troll.
the weight of the ring, dragging at his neck.
a bus pulls up at a bus stop near some cool skaterat kids.
smuts measures him again, not absolutely certain how to deal with him.
as the matron ushers her to another, the prisoner maintains her dispassionate gaze.
natalie spins around and heads off.
pulling up the poolside, sophie looks around for an appropriate route but is hemmed in by guests absorbed in conversation.
he has a pig on a lead.
he is very conscious of her proximity.
the gates of balmoral are all opened by two men.
his eyes stare at a comic book in his lap.
the man continues up a street on a gentle incline, where large houses are set back from the road, and turns and walks up the path to a detached house with a mature tree in the front garden.
some windows are lit.
as they enter, the doors shut behind them.
ron climbs into his four-poster bed.
the boy drops down inside the tower.
jack drives his patrol car through the gates of lilian air field.
dumbledore glances down and catches harry's eye.
then the paper is consumed by the flames.
emily runs to fetch them.
as neff hobbles along, another porter and some passengers make way for the crippled man solicitously.
that beverly, standing near her door down the hallway, has heard at least this last part.
jenny grabs forrest's hand and runs into the field.
she smiles, then closes her eyes again.
marius watches, as does gavroche, drawn by the rumpus.
his vicious expression turns to wide eyed shock as he realizes what he's done.
the game gets under way.
bo turn hers off.
kayleigh gives him a big unexpected kiss and walks away.
sir william lucas hurries over to greet them.
frodo starts to laugh through his tears.the two friends hug.
evan watches lenny eagerly as he dumps tons of evan's junk on the floor.
romantic music tinnily plays as delmar and everett watch, everett slumped down and angrily hissing.
with dainty steps, they set to their partners and do-si-do before re-forming the circle.
jeep looks curiously around.
emily gets into her car and drives off.
it has almost stopped him.
he jumps up, runs back to the bookcase, starts pulling out books, row by row.
steel supports are ripped away.
he feels an intellectual tingle to be having this conversation.
looking a little flustered, octavius taps on a control panel.
harry leans forward and grabs his glasses.
sarah faces drover in the saddle.
ashen-faced he lies on his back.
he frowns, thinking hard.
later, jack and joe are at a table in carol's diner.
kyle hands the shotgun over to bob.
the colonel opens the front door to reveal the two jims.
crows begin to drop atop the roof.
the film then cuts back briefly to elliot, holding his drink and looking straight ahead, as it shows his point of view once more.
they follow her up the street.
molly takes ginny's place.
jules is behind the wheel,vincent in the passenger seat and marvin in the back.
she sits on a sofa, while he sits on a chair opposite her.
he starts up the stairs.
walt enters shot with pipe.
a man carrying a shopping bag walks down the steps; he passes them.
the moon becomes a balloon.
her long, blonde hair hangs loose in flowing curls.
they arrive at a clearing with a parched, lake basin in the middle.
from the bedroom, morgan's looking at clouds through a telescope.
harry puts on his glasses and sees a figure sitting at the end of his bed.
there's something provocative for joe, being so close to alice, with her eyes closed.
she looks toward the front of thorwald's apartment house.
don tries to take advantage of the opening of the door to get out, but the guard pulls him by the arm, while the entering nurse locks the door with his own key.
caroline reads on.
he watches the children with a puzzled frown.
it vomits on him.
she looks at them a moment, then closes the door behind her.
stands up, so big the spotlight has to widen just to hold him.
the van flips several times, throwing its passengers about like rag dolls.
it shoots straight up, above their heads, almost out of sight.
coming out of the tunnel and rounding a corner, bond skids the car to avoid the police land rover which blocks the road in front of him and heads off through the dusty quarry, the alfa still on his tail.
he turns on a landing, and sees hermione and ron sitting together on a step, further down.
another angle featuring walker and collins, who are sitting alone, in the cool shadows of the temple, watching with fascination as gandhi and ba repeat their marriage ceremony for them, walker jotting notes occasionally, but his eyes always glued to gandhi and ba, who are in part lost in memories and echoes of a significance only they can know.
the herd moves towards a dark canyon.
he gives charles his change.
his two cohorts split off.
elise's jaw drops and she stares helplessly.
kayleigh sees what evan's done to her brother.
for a moment the station wagon just sits there.
gandhi's two grand nieces, manu and abha, who help mirabehn now that ba is gone, rise quickly at mirabehn's signal, manu to help with his shawl, abha to hold his sandals so that he can slip into them.
in the living room the tip of hermione's wand is also glowing.
they are finally brought to a halt by a goat that is tethered right across the path.
the return of the king angle on: the foest separates ahead, revealing: the ruins of.
as they move on.
tizzy sits down on the bed, and queenie glares at him.
david gallantly kisses marjorie's hand.
mad-eye starts shaking and struggling for air, he reaches for his bottle but it's empty.
parked incongruously in front of the house is a brand new red corvette.
carl snatches a flier from the guy outside the cafe.
steam rises as he walks away.
hani takes off the hood.
ba and mirabehn are struggling along behind him, desai and pyarelal completing the little group.
and crosses to the window.
she waits.
she moves her left hand to his head.
the sound of footsteps retreating, gittes gasping.
the ltd pulls to a stop at the end of the driveway that leads to beatrice's farmhouse, where the alien ship landed.
he glances at her.
he sees someone with a torch is in his room.
the group of black panthers glare at forrest.
andy and nigel smile over at him.
jeep's face goes slack.
holding two plates of food, kate turns around, her lips pursed as she contemplates their response.
by the time the two trucks part, we can only see the back half of the freight truck before it pulls out of sight.
the three boys are there -- all bigger -- and ba holds a new addition; they all wave.
as they move through the house camera tracks with them.
morgan takes a puff of his inhaler.
a sound on the roof of the house attracts their attention.
instinctively laurie raises the knitting needle and drives it home, right into the shape's neck!
skeeter strides up.
an instant of hesitation, then gandhi drops the card into the basket.
grinning cheerfully, he looks over his shoulder at mary jane chopping vegetables on the simple kitchen table.
cal removes his own coat and places it around rose's shoulders.
trumpets sound as a procession of elves, dressed in shimmering silvers and whites, led by legolas approach the king.
jeff tries to turn around, but she won't let the chair move.
sirius climbs onto buckbeak's back and smiles at hermione.
they land on the motorway.
his eyes light up.
harry stands before a narrow opening in the hedge.
she runs her hand down the side of his face.
spider-man climbs away.
as she sings, we see the interior of the theatre, now re-arranged from when we last visited it to watch the cabaret.
confused, he looks to the chair and the window.
bilbo.he gives gandalf a look and nods toward the mantelpiece.
marcus goes backstage and finds santa comatose.
the blood on his fists has dried.
she's staring into the bathroom mirror.
harry scratches his eye brow.
the bus slams back onto the road, loud -- a tire blows!
his eyes once more drawn back to lizzie, skipping in a circle with her dance set,
he tries to open the thick file hugh left for him, and it spreads like an accordion.
the most intelligent looking, the most impressive appearing clergyman imaginable.
randal locks the door and walks away, while olaf sings for the small crowd.
the most unnerving thing, however, is a spiked leather dog collar hangs off the rearview mirror.
as carol passes simon's door.
forrest jr. looks into the bus and at the bus driver.
clinking glasses, they all drink at once.
there is a science- fiction feel to this scene, as if mickey is lying in the center of a huge, white, futuristic circle.
he reads her smile.
the shot is a difficult one involving a combination of balls.
she walks into the living room, finishing the drink.
merrill, graham and bo stand rooted to the spot, staring in abject horror as the alien looks down at morgan and then up at graham.
helen pushes her way through the throng.
ashton goes to the window.
he puts his jacket around her shoulders.
ron looks miserable.
the pond is over-flowing.
he opens the trapdoor to see the german captain in the attic, carrying a package.
they park up.
she murmurs no.
they slip off the handle and run right down the blade.
he plummets down to a square archway, leading to the bell tower of the imposing cathedral, decorated with an intricate network of gothic arches and flying buttresses.
ben looks at her.
they are at a table, sipping drinks.
apte and karkare look back at him.
david enters the tunnel and joins elijah.
he looks at the girls carefully.
the camera moves down to reveal a large group of hare krishnas dancing on the broad green lawn among other new yorkers enjoying the day.
anna leans towards him.
moving up the long grey pant leg spotted with blood stains to reveal a skeletally thin man in tattered coveralls.
he enters the screen, sitting down on the edge of the bed next to lee.
we're looking down at a king-sized bed from overhead: lester burnham lies sleeping amidst expensive bed linens, face down, wearing pajamas.
picks the top brochure and hands it to merrill.
a tall, silver-haired woman in a beret gets out.
sure enough, directly ahead, a little old lady is crossing the street.
harry dives for the passenger seat as the spiders attack.
after a moment the children enter, backs to us, and stop, looking.
young students join the beggers and the urchins.
robin picks up a phone from a nearby desk.
they come on fast, batons at the ready.
keyes opens the door.
gandalf spurs the great horse forward.
he makes a call.
merrill sauces into the room and stops next to morgan and bo, who are standing against a wall.
the hammer clicks back.
he cocks his own gun.
in deepest gratitude he kisses the archbishop's hand.
she gives franny a big hug, then reaches out for jessie.
head bowed, he holds his hands in his pockets.
parrish turns back to the bedroom.
they all have dinner at jane's father's house.
a hand grabs keys from atop a vcr.
gin drives down a deserted unlit road.
from overhead, we gaze down at the chaos, as we withdraw.
he approaches a family, waiting with baggage on the corner.
florence sits reading dr. spock's baby and child care.
eddie picks up his bags and goes out.
she hands skeeter a piece of paper.
gandalf and saruman walk slowly between the beautiful trees of isengard, saruman's clean, white robe contrasts with gandalf's dusty grey robes.
the camera pulls back to reveal a lush, verdant pitch, white-garbed players, english, a few ladies dressed in first world war fashion watching under parasols near the clubhouse and in the shade of trees with a few officers and civil servants, while indian servants discreetly serve cool drinks.
zus bangs a cross into the ground.
a server has a tray with one canope on it.
they clap a high-five.
he scans the theater, then brings a whistle to his lips.
kyle gets out and surveys the scenery with dismay.
forrest continues to speak into the microphone, even though no one can hear what he is saying.
a sad-faced woman in a calico dress addresses the clerk.
bowing low, wormtail holds it out.
louisa hurst briskly crosses the room and sits at the piano.
she smiles hesitantly.
phyllis dietrichson is coming downstairs.
jacob's nose is bleeding.
as carol, dressed in a thrift shop find, enters the main room of the suite and hears the shower running -- she sits down to wait -- through.
she turns to look at him.
the car boot flies open and harry pushes his luggage out into it.
she takes out her key and opens the door.
later, ben limps slowly into the motel, where larry is watering plants.
he vanishes; scuttling of children in hay, o.s.
harry opens the photo album and sees a magic moving photograph of his parents, holding a child.
a car comes up the drive.
we see the receding bowler spinning away.
we see thorwald leave his apartment and proceed down the corridor.
he gives his head a shake of appreciation, then looks into the camera.
she collides with one of the tall spectator towers, tumbles down behind the canvas covering, and lies without moving on the gravel path below.
emily is making notes.
spider-man slips between the cab and trailer of a truck as he pursues the convertible.
valjean is at his desk in his office, going through his papers once everyone else has gone, when javert enters and stands before him.
they roll around fighting on the floor and the crowd cheer.
joe stands beside a disconsolate charles.
she looks at him with wide, tear-filled eyes.
he starts to lead her off the mountain path into untraveled terrain.
he and ron sit sadly beside their petrified friend.
harry takes a handful of powder.
she takes paper.
ryan kneels on the edge of the wooden pier and reaches for the photo.
bjorn slammed thomas' fist to the tabletop.
he reaches to comfort her.
he gets out of the sleigh and goes into the castle.
he drives the scissors into the guy's neck, and thigh.
father, wearing the star of david armband, walks slowly along, carrying a string bag containing potatoes and carrots, his eyes fixed on the pavement as if his thoughts are a million miles away.
some people are trying to patch it up.
mike and abby suddenly wrap their arms around each other and kiss hungrily.
bond emerges from the shadows of a balcony onto the rundown street.
they speed along country roads.
shifting his gaze to the clock on his bedside table, he reaches over and turns off the alarm.
adrienne looks around furtively at west who sits behind him.
a station wagon on the opposite side of the street pulls away as hannah, a white scarf fluttering over her shoulder, gets out of the cab.
brandt sits catty-corner from the dude; directly across from the dude is the big lebowski, a comforter across his knees.
nat stands outside holding something under his wet raincoat.
charlie tried hard to push and there it is a baby's cries.
the boys ride after forrest.
the girl glares at them.
encroaching black cloud dominates the horizon there.
catherine guides nick's glass to his lips.
john sloss, the boy's lawyer, joins them.
emily grabs andy's arm, and pulls her into a side room as she arrives for work.
husband and wife sit close together in the corner of the bar on their second date.
juno rings the doorbell, shifting her weight in the cold.
when a girl (sora) comes from the building bringing another cup and place setting, gandhi calls to the driver.
the car speeds past.
peter waves back.
javert turns to fantine.
quince grabs him, pumps his hand and claps him on the back.
it comes away in his hand and rips its full length.
the dude is hurled against the chief's desk, which he bounces off of, to come to rest more or less seated in a facing chair.
the place is empty.
a gym bag is tossed out into a garbage dumpster below the window.
she's wearing a cool monochrome outfit with black trousers and pale boots and a big, floppy cap on her head.
frodo's eyes travel down towards the hundreds of fires which glow on the plains beneath them thousands upon thousands of orcs are encamped there.
he looks out to sea, and we intercut his face with walker's, the sea, and the town itself as the sun turns it white.
buddy looks at her unhappily.
camera reaches the tower, dissolving through the wall into.
illuminating his way up the stairs.
jeff, as seen from doyle's angle, hanging, somehow weathering thorwald's insane attack.
a single autumn leaf flutters down from the whomping willow, then all the leaves fall at once and the tree shakes its bare branches.
the vines groan as they fall.
the lights come on, and he sees the full extent of the number of shells.
she blows out her birthday candles.
doyle reaches the top of the wall, looks up at jeff.
rambo, sarah and school boy run through the forest.
as she reaches the grounds of longbourn, she tosses the twig away and wanders up the graveled driveway to the house.
looking slightly awkward, he goes to the table and looks about.
cal turns toward lovejoy as he approaches.
pushing one open, he peeks into a bathroom.
butch holds up a hundred dollar bill.
he walks in the room, holding up the wine.
john, accompanied by marley, comes out of the house with another bin bag as the bin men arrive.
the surviving vehicles stop, and their doors open.
the shell explodes ahead of him, shattering the trees, filling the air with needle-sharp splinters.
it opens.
mrs. bennet's sitting with mrs. phillips and mrs. gardiner.
mcgonagall looks at snape.
as the bomb obliterates the radio shack, king george looks out through the barred window of his cell.
one figure is extremely muscular with a mask.
and the crowd breaks into stamping and applause.
he shoots the chief in the head.
the figure is reading a book.
jacob wipes his mouth with a napkin,
the ring falls through the murky waters of the river.
in the toilets, another young man in a red and blue anorak wrapped half of his shoulders, washes his hands.
harry holds the piece of broken mirror.
he stops short as his aide enters.
now our view hovers above a stately, high-ceilinged reading room, where a center aisle separates dozens of large tables arranged perpendicularly to it.
scabior steadies his men.
watching her pass by, his eyes linger on her for a long moment as she talks to charlotte.
the house is dark within except, as we can now see, for a faint spill of light in the foyer, light which comes from the upstairs hall.
fans rub big toy saws over their arms.
father janovich steps forward.
anna looks over to find sean standing at his desk where a birthday present sits on his tabletop.
the cup flies into his hand.
and the camera tracks again and we see they are being followed by a detail of six soldiers accompanying mirabehn.
the men are snake-wranglers.
harry and hermione use the dead ferrets to lure buckbeak deeper and deeper into the safety of the forest.
sam loads a pistol and proffers it to veronica, who is dressing herself in a nurse's uniform.
it looks like smoke spreading upwards.
the bus comes to a stop.
lynn brings her hands to her mouth.
duncan enters a hole in the side of the haul and films a door with an ornate leaded glass window.
as david looks at her, she glances at him.
cal closes the safe, locks it, and walks out.
darryl is sitting in the hallway.
kurt finds dental floss.
dolly fast with an exasperated jack as he writes, tailed by.
dr. barton pats kate on the shoulder and walks away.
peter and aunt may stand side by side across from mary jane.
and louise look at each other.
gatsby dives from a diving pontoon out in the water.
nema reaches out to stop him pouring.
george puts some chocolate ice cream in a dish.
he bashes into a waitress and slips.
dumbledore reads the name written on it.
arbogast has reached him, the picture extended.
malbin appears out of the haze, pulls him towards a shelter.
enjolras, the students, and the impassioned crowd have now become the procession.
she stabs the black horse.
seeing men at work, he stops by a farmer.
szpilman stands, looking around the empty field.
jack removes his coat.
cal and lovejoy turn as lowe fires his gun in the air.
he takes clothing out and piles it on his bed.
grantaire prises the final piece of madame hucheloup's furniture from her arms - her favourite sewing armchair - and adds it to the barricade.
boromir has started forward towards frodo, he pulls himself up.
reaches farther back.
mike also takes a hit and collapses.
renault walks over to one of his officers.
two players collide and fall.
ferris walks up and two bodyguards stop him.
ray is still staring ahead.
she leads him toward living room.
eddie pulls the paper out of the carriage and reads it.
harry digs a grave amongst the tall grass on the sand dunes behind shell cottage, overlooking the beach.
he gulps down its contents.
griphook has pointed ears and a long beaky nose.
neff hangs up.
peter, his arms at his side, saunters almost awkwardly towards her.
very slowly, he lifts his head, the flames still flickering behind him.
something doesn't make sense.
dizzying aerial shots of huge boulders flying up close to camera then falling away towards the orcs!
the lights grow brighter as two objects approach.
as the music starts and couples begin dancing once more, they look at each other.
preacher is astounded.
the back of the suv is crammed full of guns.
on her left ring finger, we see a diamond.
men escort al-saleem along dark passageways by torchlight.
lying in a hospital, ferris remembers being with bassam and his family.
brian sits beside peter on the team bus as it pulls into the elland road car park.
cal sits on a chair alone in a corridor, his brow furrowed.
banky carries a bag in one arm and pulls out his keys with the other.
michael seems temporarily lost for words.
jeff does, as stella gets her purse.
below her, octavius crashes spider-man against the building.
rose opens the safe.
this is the young lady who came off the train with harry.
the forest is dead quiet.
he looks down again, and drops his jaw and his carton of choco.
bn now leads the escapees as they mount a rise.
he glances across at ron and hermione, who both give him an embarrassed smile.
snape pours truth serum into moody's mouth.
there is a dining room and living room with a big bay window that looks out into the street.
the dementors are forced back by the spell.
crabbe and goyle have no success.
mickey is seen leaving the hospital.
nestled in a basin at the foot of the distant misty mountains, the tall black tower of orthanc is clearly visible.
john looks back as they part.
moody pulls harry up.
szpilman lies in a steaming bath, eyes closed, as though he's in a trance.
raising her eyebrows mj tries to coax an answer from him.
salieri makes to kiss his hand, but joseph restrains him, and passes on.
with difficulty, szpilman pushes his way through the mob and gets nearer to heller.
jenny smiles, her gaze never wavering from his.
richard looks blank.
now in a medical exam room, the gangster with the eye wound pleads with two g-men.
he hangs on desperately as the sill collapses under him.
she ends a call and continues packing her things in the bedroom.
a self-satisfied smile comes to gittes' face.
allison gets in a yellow cab.
fergus marches dil away.
he hits her again.
he starts wheeling him towards the front of the store.
is sitting, smoking.
winstead intercepts his arm and slams him against the wall.
a blonde man gestures for dillinger to raise his arms.
he takes a breath, closes his eyes, and swallows hard.
he takes it and kisses it.
the other officers and agents watch closely.
in his room, ron adjusts his tatty robe.
they are wearing raincoats, carrying umbrellas.
holmes blows ash and spot from the bulbous pipe into moriarty's face then wraps his arms around him.
hi stops short.
we stoop low towards the car.
seen from the mountainous surface of the earth.
they share a lingering kiss and wrap their arms around each other.
tollkeeper rises and makes his way warily out the door.
then moves back.
people rush away from the rising water.
margaret is slumped next to trina's still body, her head crushed by a collapsed bulkhead.
as he climbs over the rail to the third balcony.
she goes to move the sofa away from the wall.
draco and the vanishing cabinet.
he is interrupted by ed smythe, an official from the standards and practices department, who's been standing in the corridor waiting for mickey.
he holds a banana and oranges to his crotch.
their free hands are clasped as they move slowly, almost dancing on the spot.
she pushes him away and shakes her head.
gabriel grabs michael by the throat, lifts him up, and punches him.
alex and ryan walk into their gaudily furnished room.
a crowd carrying torches jogs behind a man in clanking leg irons and wrist manacles who is being escorted by four policemen trotting alongside, their nightsticks held across their chests in riot-ready formation.
narcissa remains crouched for a moment.
darcy is standing before them.
sam looks at frodo with grim determination.
an officer tumbles out of the passenger side before the car is fully stopped.
her hair wet and stringy, rose stands in pouring rain on the deck of the ship.
mary jane turns and goes.
they huddle closer.
mickey is walking up a west side street, his hands in his coat pockets.
later, david carries a to-go cup of coffee as he crosses a park.
it stops, suspended above them.
the queen returns from her reverie and faces tony.
flint drops to his knees and briefly becomes sandman.
holly, beating time to the music and enjoying herself, takes a puff of her cigarette.
as the dust settles, watson sits up on the platform wearing the ear defenders.
she is wearing a skirt and slip and carrying one shoe.
forrest has been fitted with orthopedic shoes and metal leg braces.
a flier posted on a wall in paris advertises a lecture by professor moriarty.
his fingers wrapping around his throat, snapping frodo's neck from side to side!
ferris watches the disk on his laptop.
testing the water with his hand, he now steps in fully dressed.
the lawyer steps away.
dillinger summons up a breath and arches his brows.
sarah's intrigued.
the guys shoot nizar.
sarah rides confidently and brandishes the whip like an old -hand.
harry glances back at the hippogriff still chained to a post in the pumpkin patch, then he follows his friends.
holly follows hannah to a rack of blouses.
at the phelan's, everyone's listening to walter cronkite on the black and white tv.
the queen stares blankly into the tv camera.
the claymore ignites the tall boy missile which erupts into a mushroom cloud of smoke and flame.
emlyn hughes lifts the shield.
the uncle and the children happily drink their beer as the movie cuts to a wall with subtly patterned wallpaper in hannah's bedroom.
walt follows his gaze to the green v8 muscle car.
the jazz plays on as the movie cuts back and forth between the fast-moving elliot, rushing down the soho streets, past a truck waiting for a light to change, past some pedestrians, some garbage cans, turning corners, and the strolling lee, walking up different streets, past different buildings.
he nods toward the picture.
the smoke dissipates.
the arrested closeup of george springs to life again.
she looks around in confusion, then sees her young assistant striding off across the road.
he glances round, as if trying to make a decision.
holly takes a cigarette from her purse as she holds her hand to her nose, sniffing.
the door swings open and a beer-swilling middle-aged man looks dully out at quintana, who looks hesitantly up.
the front rows near the stage are held by rich muslim merchants, the back of the stalls with small traders, peddlers, artisans -- muslim, hindu, parsee, sikh.
she pulls the stick out and gives it a cursory look.
renault starts to leave.
buckbeak follows them into the forest.
bubba and forrest jump out of the helicopter with their gear/ they walk and look around oddly.
gavroche, bounding over their heads, evading the swipes of liveried footmen, lands on the running board of one particularly grand carriage and begs or taunts the rich .
harry lands back in his chair.
she glugs down her drink at top speed.
harry studies the strangely familiar silhouette, then it is gone.
sandra elbows kyle aside.
graham holds his breath.
she opens the fly screen door of the kitchen and looks about her expectantly.
two sleazy women, named lenore and carla, walk up to lt. dan.
later that night, wearing only a nightgown, across the desolate deck, her loose white hair blows in the wind
the indecisive customer holds up her rental choices.
the roundabout turns and a seesaw clumps down onto the grass.
only a few people sit and pray in the sea of oak pews.
the men eye their leader, who makes a cutthroat gesture to them.
george runs off up the street, toward the building and loan.
lester, carolyn and jane are eating dinner by candlelight.
the doctor leaves and closes the door.
he pulls back.
a man body checks him, but bond shoots him pointblank through the body.
he darts down a side street.
he pops off his cuffs, pulls out a tommy gun and bashes the guard.
david takes the podium before a crowd of hundreds.
he stares ahead blankly.
he uses a touch screen wand to initiate a phone call and glances at the television.
pete and debbie get out of the car and walk down the street.
she flaps her arms as if pretending to fly as she runs down to the edge of a grey sea.
the gates close and the lift moves backwards.
he looks down and sees his feet turn into flippers.
he pulls himself toward dictaphone again, still in the swivel chair, reaches it, lifts the horn off the bracket and the dictaphone makes a low buzzing sound.
as the men get out of the car, everett snaps his suspenders.
jack gazes down at an array of silverware placed on both sides of the charter holding his plate.
she's eating a turkey sandwich.
reggie comes down the stairs.
angela sits on the stairs, shaken, crying.
he spins the wheel.
bob looks under a cubicle door and sees a woman's feet and, behind them, a man's with red santa pants at his ankles.
he looks like a young london stockbroker.
he uses the limbs to remove the support girders.
and the miners begin to go down, some face up, shielding their faces with their hands, some burying their faces in the earth and covering their heads with their hands.
the servant opens the door and holds down the carriage steps.
a coach is stopped down the street of terraced houses.
mj is stranded on a swaying piece of balcony.
donny gets stoned in his car.
outside the enormous rear life supports move into position.
westley stares back up at the beast.
debbie is getting a mammogram.
on their knees, they fire them at each other.
aibileen glances up at a windy sky.
and there they stand, by the side of the road, drenched kissing.
he grabs michael by the throat.
he watches her.
eddie goes into the liquor store.
he car which balances precariously ten feet up in an elm tree.
later, asael comes into the camp with more people.
mj clambers over spider-man and starts to climb down the cable.
wheelbarrow full of junk being dumped onto pile.
the tram rumbles on its way.
the man cringes, reacting to the dude's flinch.
he hands a document to shimon.
they rest on sill of cell window, the lettered fingers legible.
the yellow coupe that had pulled up outside the house for the wake draws up.
gordon is dragged between the wheels
metal frame keeps his right leg straight.
looking puzzled he reaches out for his glasses and puts them on.
bound leather quaffle zooms through the air, and is caught by a slytherin chaser.
students in their caps and gowns step forward the podium to receive their diplomas.
she looks over in time to see evan using all of his seven- year old strength to whip his hands down toward the spindles!
rambo continues upstream.
she takes a deep unhappy breath.
he opens the door.
he pushes past joy and climbs into the balloon.
the inspector makes to leave the room.
people calling out names, trying to find each other.
still in his hospital gown, carl revs lee's ducati bike and puts a helmet on.
lighted candles float in the air high above the long tables which are already prepared for the feast.
ben takes a shower at the motel.
hi is dragged away from the camera and out from under the car.
the pimp is passing among the whores, checking that they're all fit for business.
the fish passes us with a splash.
dumbledore dips his hand into the pensive.
as they head off, walt winces slightly.
boromir holds aragorn's gaze.
at the surgery, the vet pushes down the plunger on the needle.
dyle is the first one to appear, coming out of gideon's room.
as he passes lionel, merrill makes a small, quick move in lionel's direction, like he might hit him.
rose and jack step into another passageway.
motion.the angry faces, the shaking fists, the accusatory fingers, his eyes move across to the ring.the hum grows louder in his head.
robbie looks inside and is gob-smacked.
as they grapple, martin reaches for the syringe and injects alice in the neck with it.
harry and ron back away.
it is an empty and despairing echo of gandhi's words.
cole, surprised, takes a small step forward.
melvin enters his apartment and slams the door shut.
video footage outside buckingham palace shows that the tv lights are set up inside a hall in buckingham palace.
hand in hand they hurry back down the stairs.
gale looks over.
indy immediately takes the high trail.
joseph looks up at his father, who almost imperceptibly nods down at the story.
charles stands in a dark room with steven.
diana leaves in handcuffs and her flowing black dress.
mary jane descends a staircase wearing a glamorous, long, white dress.
the picture freezes and the events run in reverse.
they all exchange a look, an acknowledgement of each other, almost like a toast, and then they chew, slowly, deliberately.
we have been isolating in on one of the children peeling the wrappings off a package marked to nathan jr.
he wipes it on his cloak.
the door has just started to open.
mickey goes over to the chain-link fence encircling the reservoir.
still nothing happens.
kyle grabs a crumpled hand drawn map from the front seat and flattens it out on the roof of the car.
his wheelchair hums as he spins it around.
reggie sits on the floor of the booth, dialing.
then it goes back onto the road, heading for the dark cloud in the distance.
she turns out the lights behind her.
she glances up at her image in the mirror.
whip studies katerina's smiling face with pressed lips.
ed is reading to nathan jr.from a large picture book.
the couple watch him going nearby cubicle.
lester is momentarily stunned, and then he pushes the colonel away.
he builds a large web, which slows down the green goblin, but can't hold him.
he gets between them.
he glances up behind him as we.
jack rushes toward a painting.
in dillinger's car, the criminal stares off glumly, then smiles out the window.
sandy easily catches up to the overweight woman.
christine kisses her smiling daughter on the cheek and beams back at the camera.
a herd of horses thunders past the house, driven by drover.
more words appear.
david's hands are gripping the metal.
in the grotto dressed as an elf hands a photo of a girl and santa to her mother.
norman punches the air.
elsa gasps as the rats scamper between her legs.
people walk up and down.
she looks up, amazed.
neville is collecting plants in the lake.
lovejoy follows rose and jack into the sitting room.
he runs along the crowded platform till he reaches hagrid.
he tosses the ball to another player and trots back again.
he points at a screen.
by its red glow, the mercenaries check their watches en masse.
drew ushers everybody on, first parrish, then susan and quince, drew the last to climb on, shuts the door behind him as allison hurries away from the whirling rotors.
the family stares at cole.
the man runs away.
leah and bren sigh with delight.
later, a guard unlocks a cellblock door and a deputy guides a portly lawyer inside.
wearing an autumnal-colored poncho, daisy heads off to the toilet.
he stands in the doorway for a moment before moving towards them.
jeff grabs it, picks it up.
the fellowship climb the long steep path out of the cloven vale of rivendell.
he looks into the entrance.
she hurries to the door and everyone follows.
a door slams shut on lily and tamara
she is telling a story about her son for the umpteenth time.
aerial: of arwen's white horse emerging from the trees.and galloping across the open land as the sun rises.
the other three competitors look surprised to see him.
rambo's boat sits serenely at its home harbor.
england failed to qualify for the world cup.
mr. collins is walking with mrs. bennet.
they glare at each other, and she rides towards him.
the troopers, fanning wide, advance towards barn.
the lake begins to freeze.
marius grabs a barrel of gunpowder, which flames up.
a detective in a suit leans over the car door with his note pad.
he approaches ivan, who's sweeping up in the bar.
leah presents the penny saver photos of the lornings.
count rugen watches the tears,
she jerks backwards, dropping the baby.
beside him is a young woman holding a baby, which is wrapped in a brightly embroidered papoose.
hearing something behind her, she turns.
he throws out all of his cupcakes except for one.
a chauffeur-driven car pulls up outside the building.
mary gets watson's gun and aims it at the steward's hand.
she is equally intense, looking at both sisters as she speaks.
he slaps him on the back then grips him by the shoulder.
then joe sees something that makes him grab at cary's shirt.
she tries to kiss debbie.
about to be sick, dudley points weakly at harry.
they realize they have not been spotted.
flames instantly consume the envelope.revealing the ring, as it sinks into the red hot embers.
the alien cocks its head to one side.
the women hug him.
he picks up his book then marches up the hall to katie.
he reaches over and touches jenny.
octavius is in the warehouse on the dilapidated pier.
a car plows into the side of them.
anheuser shakes his head at adriane.
as he gets closer, he sees it's marcus waving a torch.
ignoring a stolid guard, bond enters a flat, passes masked forensics officers, and joins m on the balcony.
emily is at home working at her kitchen table.
he peers out to see polish soldiers beginning to surround the ruined building, firing shots, lobbing in a grenade or two.
she glances at whip.
sam appears -- and before the uruk-hai can fully regain their wits -- he slays three.
she makes her way downstairs.
yvonne turns, looks at sacha, and extends her glass to him.
she nods, sadly.
a flashback to taylor leaving barnes and howard.
seconds later, harry emerges, marvels at the sight of himself and hermione, and ron heading down the slope to hagrid's hut.
a massive jet of flame roars up a chamber.
it turns back and harry grabs it.
he puts a hand to his head.
he relaxes, smiles, is warm.
mike walks off.
don has sunk back on the couch again.
6) holden sits in the park that he and alyssa walked through.
thelma's head moves almost imperceptibly.
neff takes out his fountain pen.
cal's brow is knitted as he talks on the phone.
stider drops 4 small swords at the hobbits feet.
he circles snape.
the assistant brute takes the full force of the blow right in the chops.
lilly joins the two men on the ridge.
the boys duck as soldiers pass by.
the sword starts to come out.
he hands her her glass, and they each take a swig of their respective drinks.
and now we see gandhi in full shot for the first time.
she takes a mobile phone from her bag and begins to dial.
they cross an fbi bullpen.
his legs stretch away in a v.
with adrian duffle bags still in his arms, scotty watches adrian follow anheuser from the party.
they spot myrtle sitting high up on a curved stone windowsill.
leaning against the railing around the dance floor, looking daggers at george.
david dunne stands with joseph.
sir george looks at it like a snake.
jeff lowers the binoculars, discouraged.
near the other edge of the canopied area, mirabehn sits with bourke-white.
the screen turns white.
she comes up the garden path towards him.
craig takes his recorder and leaves with the others, but charlie stays back.
he touches harry's head, and gets up.
two spaniels frighten pheasants from a bush.
the faint glow of dawn appears in the sky.
vanessa's beautiful sculpted face tightens self- consciously.
pete ends the call.
he bursts out of his clothes.
graham smiles lovingly as a tear falls from morgan's eyes.
they clap their hands over their ears.
cary frantically trying the lighter -- fft!
the lead doberman holds in his teeth a paper 7-eleven cap.
he takes a seat on the couch, opens a folder, suddenly he flinches with a spasm of pain in his shoulder.
it's ping who first spots the chevrolet.
it's a good distance behind them, but it's coming like hell, closing the gap.
he takes the few steps more before dropping the sword and collapsing on to the ground.
javert walks into the building where the protesters took refuge.
fabrizio and other passengers pop open the third-class gangway door and peer out along the ship.
the sight is a jolt.
the bishop's sister madame baptistine stands.
he looks down at her.
dumbledore takes mad-eye by the neck.
lizzie looks at fitzwilliam.
the waiter comes back with the drink.
she walks quietly in.
walt, chewing tobacco, stands across the street with daisy and watches.
he raises his eyebrows, as he glances at hermione.
he walks briskly down the corridor.
they walk down a tunnel with the roof held up by wooden supports.
later still, its contents lie untouched on a table as david stares out a window at the city.
bond is elevated in a pool of light.
he turns back to the window, holding out his right hand to the side, waiting for the box and viewer.
the crew are knocked over on the bridge.
the clock has a robust, angular dark wood surround.
mary walks along the porch, waits before the door of cabin one.
he stares at her, says nothing.
the man straightens up and leans back in his seat.
he rises from bended knee.
more jews are being unloaded from trucks and are marched through the gates.
evan takes a seat at a long rectangular table.
later, andy enters miranda's suite carrying some boxes.
guests in the other room can be seen chatting together in clusters.
he lands on a metal strut.
rose continues to stare up at the giant statue as the crewman moves on.
neville puts up his hand.
some crazy street-freak has slipped under her perfect guard and momentarily devastated her.
frodo covered in cobwebs, wild-eyed and drenched in sweat.
johnny helps pick up the groceries.
malcolm is completely lost.
sarah helps him through the steps.
we shoot over bess's turned photograph and over birdie, close, passed out in his rocker.
he sees it coming.
then the mechanic waves, starts forward with her suitcase.
both of her ears are pierced five times.
neff starts to get out.
when done, he sneaks over to mrs. boswell's desk, where the two paper spindles sit.
he thinks.
jeep switches on a lamp, illuminating this incredibly cramped bedroom.
mozart hands him the score from which he is conducting.
camille grabs a gun but bond knocks into the water, grabs her and drags her off the boat into his.
aibileen gets up from sorting the washing.
dodging the debris, spider-man just manages to catch gwen, saving her from being crushed by two clashing slabs of concrete.
the noise is cut off by the swinging door.
he studies westley a moment, checking here, checking there.
two agents sit in the parked vehicle.
forrest turns and look.
he looks at the long, low building.
the two girls help him.
they're deep in prayer as the tidal wave comes closer.
they are now close together.
his patrol car starts malfunctioning.
the bear won't look at him.
suddenly she buries her head in her arms over the table and starts to sob.
the hand stretches up and catches hold of more silk threads.
watson returns to the spot where he left holmes.
and then drops underwater.
an agent drives the suv after the four-by-four but crashes.
elsewhere, hoover listens on the radio.
he has to use all his strength to push open the highly ornate doors.
as debbie helps pete off of the hospital bed, pete kisses her passionately.
zus, standing on the smoking tank, sees his brother walking out of the trees.
the boys are put onto the bus -- boom down to donny's car in the foreground, where we realize that we haven't been the only audience to this: donny, sunk deep in his seat, hiding, watches wide-eyed as the bus drives away.
umbridge is dirty and disheveled.
the young man sets down his cue.
his younger friend wears a carefree grin.
gandalf's staff smashes into the back of denethor's head!
a commotion is heard on the stairs, the boys imitating fanfare music.
we move in fast to a head close-up.
pedro is vacuuming and dancing.
pete approaches as a plane passes overhead.
passengers and crew grab onto anything they can as the water rises.
nick hands them cups of tea and sits on the couch next to daisy.
he smiles and their lips meet again.
merrill, bo and morgan follow him.
he stares at his own worried face reflected in the glass.
a couple of people are lounging listlessly against the wall.
forrest and jenny walk past the white house.
the three men are stomping the cop into the ground.
they're captured.
servants attend to them.
he closes his pants and turns.
painful images fill his mind.
the yellow lamp sitting on the table is the only light on in the trailer.
bleeker stops and wipes away his sweat.
mr. blonde looks at his two partners in crime.
the owner enters the factory floor.
he is reaching for the two sawed-off shotguns which are strapped crisscross across his back.
she smiles and goes.
one is pulling hermione's hair.
pete gets his testicles examined.
she slaps the lighter against her leg, trying to light it fancy-style like vince did.
inside, hagrid is handing scabbers to ron.
she swallows and nodes bravely.
butch are marsellus are terrified.
he brushes his hat brim with a fingertip as we begin to pull back.
a pause follows.
he closes the door and turns back.
janina adds the last strip of clothing.
pacing, ben stabs the air with a finger each time he calls out a name.
jack keeps his eyes unflinchingly on the road ahead, but deep emotions boil beneath the surface.
marius takes a seat in the spartan room.
on his balcony, fletcher watches the approaching black dots in the air.
mitchell goes for the gun and runs off.
the next day, kate and zoe walk down the street towards the restaurant.
jackson joins him.
szpilman's ghetto clothes, torn into strips, are being stuffed into it and burned.
the dude stops between two albums.
he covers the receiver with his hand and turns to keyes, who is now standing at the window.
gabriel lunges for charlie just as the flare bounces off the windshield - ping!
unnerved, pippin backs away nervously.he stumbles against the well, sending a precariously balanced armored skeleton tumbling in!.
he hangs a sign on the handle.
she sits down heavily on one of the sofas.
he's peering over the dividing wall.
she sees a scar on his wrist.
it slides away, revealing the staircase.
she looks in the mirror at it in the dark.
norman opens his front door.
one of the younger children sits in the middle of the table, occasionally taking a fistful of jello and flinging it at hi.
it crashes noisily against the side of the house.
daisy is in the driving seat.
harry moves forward, nervously.
he indicates a young woman standing on the other side of the room.
he smiles, then shifts his gaze to david, who stares at him with a confused expression.
the camera now moves back to elliot, still staring at the nude drawings, as the sounds of frederick's and dusty's footsteps are heard leaving the loft.
he puts on his glasses to make a closer examination.
berger, taking the cue, sighs and puts the ring away.
edward's voice begins as a memory.
yuri says something
his face twisted with anger, snape grabs harry viciously and peers into his face.
he gets out of his car, wild- and red-eyed, incredibly happy to see them.
after a beat, mark comes down the stairs to join her.
the governor, sir edward gait -- the portrait of the king prominent behind him -- is feeling as cornered as sir george but for different reasons.
brian smooths his coiffed, dark hair and straightens his tailored suit jacket as he stands with peter and jimmy in the entrance gateway.
gail stops by his side while the others walk into a background studio doorway that is busy with scurrying personnel.
shadowy creatures appear amongst the trees.
as the stands empty, edward and karl talk to amos.
panchenko nods at zus who nods back.
peter looks round the boxes sitting in the back garden.
he can see no sign of her, the tent, or the campfire.
he climbs onto the broomstick.
there are thongs around their arms that make their bulging muscles seem even more powerful.
kevin, carrying coffees, arrives at the offices of the new york journal.
his mid-length hair is a sun-kissed blond.
he keeps the ad, and looks at it with a sober expression.
slughorn closes the spyhole and locks the door.
he has a drink in front of him and several more inside him.
gandhi holds up one finger.
the car suddenly tips forward, bounces from branch to branch, and falls towards the ground.
benjamin and daisy are silhouetted against the lilac sunset on the slowly drifting boat, the bottomup.
melvin walking and though we can see an improvement it is still decidedly strange as he conspicuously avoids stepping on the lines.
skeeter leaves the table and barges out much to bourbon- drinking stuart's amusement.
he puts it in his mouth.
michael shakes his head.
sandra and audrey are beside howard, who is on the floor.
whip tilts his head back and presses the cloth to his nostril.
everyone turns to harry.
on it is a white russian cocktail.
she stares at ben pensively, then turns stiffly and reaches out a bony hand to pick up her writing pad and pen from a surface nearby.
then talks to daisy.
juno starts to smile through her tears.
he looks cautiously sideways at keyes.
camera pulls up from the bailey home and travels up through the sky until it is above the falling snow and moving slowly toward a firmament full of stars.
where high-ranking officers of the third reich stand flanking adolf hitler as they oversee the rally.
the dude is grabbed from behind and muscled away in a half- nelson by another uniformed chauffeur.
bond holds her tightly, spots the gun and picks it up.
close-up on dil's face as her hair is shorn.
suddenly there are some whoops and hollers from the rear of the chambers and a redfaced farmer drives in several scrawny, bleating sheep.
actually fezzik is dragging westley, who is, in turn, dragging yellin's sword like a stiff dog leash--westley simply hasn't the strength to raise it.
the black nurse looks at him.
interrogation room, winstead lowers his arm from the burly agent's throat and leaves.
spotting something she reaches down.
we are where the second-rate carnival is parked for the moment in an alabama field.
as the plane dips into the rising canyon.
harry potter's, uncle vernon drags a suitcase to his car.
he sits up and takes the glass.
a man bites into an apple.
neville is still dancing with ginny.
finally lester turns back to ricky: what does this kid want.
forrest jr. looks over and waves to his father.
it lands on the gray, carpeted floor and scuttles away.
aragorn looks at gimli -- grateful for his courage but determined to go alone.
frodo is preparing to leave.
ferris punches and kicks skip, and he tumbles down the slope.
she greets her nephew, dudley.
gittes reaches into his desk and pulls out a shot glass, quickly selects a cheaper bottle of bourbon from several fifths of more expensive whiskeys.
spider-man hears a water-logged limb, and runs over to octavius.
seated, sam smiles at anna.
the barman leaps over the counter, and willie runs for it.
his family heard it too and they start to scream to him.
rose and jack run through drifting smoke.
david and jenny leave danny's place.
peter snaps out of his role play and sees mary jane coming towards him in a little black dress.
other passengers run to the big window.
he straightens up again, smiles faintly and picks up his briefcase.
she leads him into the bathroom.
the other interrogator quickly uncuffs billie's right arm from the chair.
he mimes swallowing.
dante shuts his eyes tightly and rubs the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger, as if in deep concentration.
harry hands a script to chili.
death eaters burst in to a tower.
up ahead is faint flickering light.
she glances over her towel costume.
on the bank, michael hoists a bulky black rucksack onto his shoulders.
the two rockers leave, patting each other's backs.
fine sands flow like liquid.
an assortment of buttons is swept off a table into a jar.
javert is briefing a hundred uniformed police about the coming day in a grand ornate old room at police headquarters.
he's been charged with anger and when evelyn says this it explodes.
kate tends to tenzen.
behind the gates the gondorian foot soldiers are fearful.
the pursuers fall back.
the two struggle, rolling from side to side, coming perilously close to rolling right off the edge.
the barman, with infinite weariness, approaches fergus.
but when he looks and speaks to easter again, it is with concern and even regret.
he talks with a fan.
the snow is now falling hard.
then he goes to the cash drawer in the counter, and looks through it.
he discusses each piece, apparently trying to make some decision.
as thao closes up the chest walt took the medal from.
preacher has gone.
a man sits at a table with his back to them.
as people start to jump off the train he moves forward.
he's talking to the kid.
louis lies in a cot in the triage unit, fifty beds transferred from the hospital.
sheila's van is parked behind some trees and nicole puts her things in.
as he falls he body breaks into flames, then shatters against the wall.
in a single shot, karl cuts his hair with hedge clippers, while edward cuts up a surplus army tent to make him a shirt.
he then turns over his hand to examine again the swollen bite mark.
some have stopped to stare.
he pushes a device into the socket at the back of the computer.
mike walks out of the lobby, as abby gets out of a cab, suitcase in hand.
his head slumped.
he tries a swipe card at a door, but it doesn't open.
she is playing in the water with the kids.
mrs. gardiner crosses the room and sees charlotte and jane sitting down.
the lift reverses.
he is now thoroughly confused.
david rides aboard it as the skipper pilots it to the pier.
dejected, benjamin leans out of the den with his head hung.
on one side of him is an open forte-piano on which he occasionally tries notes from the march he is composing, with some difficulty.
rick looks at the german calmly, takes the card out of his hand, and tears it up.
willie is at a pay phone.
he seems to hang in the air for a second then drops out of the chair and out of sight.
klaatu walks down a railway line in an industrial area.
a sixty-year-old man in enormous seersucker pants held up by suspenders and the outward pressure of a blooming belly is getting out of the first car.
eddie signals her to stay where she is.
marcus sneers at him as he lumbers past.
she raises her wand.
he stretches even more.
laszlo turns off the light.
bernie drops the sails.
diaz creeps between two huts and is surprised by rambo, who's waiting there.
he pulls her to him and kisses her.
bellatrix has hermione.
that evening mr. darcy watches lizzie with adoring eyes as she plays and sings at the piano.
outside, the greenery is becoming a blur.
then rushes in disarray into the other wedding just as the bride and groom are stuffing cake into each other's mouths.
jack hugs him.
this causes thelma to leap into action.
the ambulance hits the streets with sam on its radio.
jenny smiles at david, and they both laugh.
the cooling metal is the shape of a machete.
pete and ronnie are talking in the backyard.
soldiers retreating through the ruins of the city as, high in the sky above, the nazgul swoop.
valjean walks away, hardly able to take in that he is free at last.
norman spins around.
at lunchtime, he is eating with marcus and his oriental girlfriend, lois, at a restaurant in the mall.
tommy has indeed just surfaced downstream, clinging to a half-submerged piece of furniture.
the wind whips her curly, auburn hair around her face.
as he gets up from the table, the other men around the table follow his lead as he finishes up some jokes.
the train winds its way through lush forests and across wide expanses of indian countryside.
hand in hand, they hurry out of barn and, as we pan, along its side, towards river, o.s.
hayley brings rebecca a note.
then shuts her book,
he reaches for his jacket.
ricky sighs, then looks at his father.
grabbing the trash bag full of wallets, the two run out the door.
he discovers frannie and jessie decked out in diana-style gaudy makeup.
rick makes a face.
he stands there holding up the piece of material, then raises the butcher knife and moves for her.
louise gets in the driver's side.
the brothers stiffen.
he walks across the garden, carrying his sharp axe over his shoulder.
he moves slowly across the bedroom, out of sight behind the door.
elain spots the pamphlet peeking out of skeeter's briefcase.
he moves forward and out and in his place we see two police cars, small in distance, coming fast.
he checks his watch, which is on the side of the bath, then makes a call.
at the wheel, she shakes her head in disbelief.
near the cinema door, purvis watches movie patrons exiting the lobby.
gabriel reaches down and picks up the mace.
voldemort grants wormtail a new hand.
standing in the imposing banking hall, hermione glances anxiously back at ron, then stares wide-eyed at the rows of goblin tellers ahead of them.
he turns his eyes in the direction of the composer's apartment.
graham sits quietly on the second step of the stairs.
he unbuttons the front of his shirt.
the choir continues to sing as the movie cuts to father flynn in his office.
he is studying something in the file folder.
off his smile, we hear loud pops: bam!
the knife slashes across his cheek and neck.
we see two young men, one seventeen perhaps, the other older, and a girl, sixteen.
the inquisitor hauls the dude's head out one last time and flops him over so that he sits on the floor, back against the toilet.
as they continue to sing, the film cuts back to the kitchen, where lee, carrying some glasses, enters through the doorway.
but oliver catches the quaffle.
they puff on long pipes as they lie back in the sun.
molly grins.
thao has a minor neck injury.
then we see sarah, in her slip, enter the bathroom and shut the door.
the goblin lands on top of a marquee.
ben pushes her back into her room.
scrambling to his feet.
he gazes around the disserted shop, at the shelves full of dusky boxes.
the mercedes pulls away.
strangely, he's gotten even lighter.
they watch as the cops cut santa down in a hail of hot blood.
there is a little hesitation in the ranks as the car approaches.
the audience turns, peering at the people to the right.
as the storm breaks and heavy rain begins to fall.
he attaches a network of webs to the bridge.
jenny rocks back and forth as she cries.
george gets out to look at the damage, and savagely kicks at the open door of the car, trying to shut it.
an overturned taxi stands outside the blown open doors of a bank.
it glows even more brightly.
who grunts as he pulls himself from the hole, the grail diary in his hand.
draco and blaise watch him fall.
sitting near jack, lovejoy places a bullet on a table.
she approaches the nursery, still clutching the dr. spock book.
a table with a sewing machine fills the other side of the room.
one aims a rifle at watson.
he looks up and she shuts her eyes.
he takes her hand and twirls her around.
he hangs up, gets out of the phone booth.
mr. blonde calmly sits down.
mr. xander looks cornered.
gail follows him.
he knocks him cold with a single punch.
but he's apparently dead; when she nudges him, he leans, his arm drops limp from the steering wheel, where he was holding a paper, that has now fallen onto the ground.
bone saw jumps up.
he stops, looks up at the fire, then steps back.
chili tosses the script on the desk, moves between a pair of fat red leather chairs.
watching everett fan his money.
he puts his quill back in the inkwell.
the tattooed mariner lies in a deep, alcohol-induced slumber.
marley jumps on the bed and watches as jenny hurriedly packs some clothes.
the artist completes in chalk, a large simple sketch of a man hanging from gallows.
she looks up at him and touches his face.
rose runs along the lower deck.
yuri and the others are in the ship bay.
two assistants, a man and a woman, stand around her.
just as aragorn enters, and wrenches the palantir from pippin's hands.
the crowd parts as forrest runs into the pool.
as viktor eyes are clouded over and he fails to see harry, he passes by.
pearl sniffles and wipes her eyes with her free fist.
it crashes through them and careens forward to the very end.
he turns on his stool to watch the game.
as they walk through the terminal building, ryan gets a call from alex.
forrest begins to hit the ball back to the other player.
before laurie can say anything else, annie rushes out the door.
as dillinger jams the barrel of his gun into the warden's neck, the warden spins the dial on a safe door.
he is in the floded corridor.
jenny puts her handbag on the kitchen table.
pages turn.
the dude turns again as he hears running footsteps.
she shoots him a glance.
and the lights go out at an oil refinery.
lester watches her through a window on the first floor, peeping out through the drapes.
fabienne is crying and scared.
a boat house with a small boat tied up.
holmes is crouched on the ground, as if in a trance.
it has been locked.
on a vast expanse of brown earth, a suited man stands beside a kneeling figure, whose head is covered with a black hood.
morgan puts his hand around his father's jaw, and turns his head to face in the direction he had been staring.
the steward hurries off.
then turns to look at charlotte, who has a serious expression on her face.
ryan goes to see craig.
he puts it down and starts playing the nonchalant, casual drinker -- the man who can take it or leave it.
they arrive in a cafe co-room and spy david and elise.
jude, turning in the chair.
george and clarence get to their feet.
tight-lipped she stares down at her book.
he strolls away from a hot dog man and stands at the curve.
harry climbs up to the upper platform.
a waiter in uniform stands near its glass and metal doors, holding a tray to his chest; a few people sit at the bar; a large plant in a vase sits in the foreground.
she leans forward and kisses him.
in contrast, pretty andy has put on a comfortable-looking mauve jumper over a white shirt and trousers, and dabs on a bit of lip gloss.
it is evident he has been drinking.
the hitchhiker just nods and starts walking towards the road.
his wife's eyes go sharp and quiet.
nick points his cottage out to tom.
everett performs an impromptu buck-and-wing, bringing the crowd to new heights of hysteria.
then, a young guy lifts the cordon.
octavius lowers his dark glasses and taps on a keyboard.
the recruits are sitting at the base of their bunks assembling their rifles.
at home, rebecca finds a note from suze.
in the driveway, 7-year old evan plays with crickett, a frisky cocker spaniel puppy.
mrs. weasley passes ron his rat.
ray bones comes out with the collection book open, looking at all of the names of who owes what.
valjean is now kneeling next to the sleeping marius.
pippin, horrified.
he wipes the tears from her face with a tissue then dabs the tissue in her drink and wipes some more.
she seems to be trying to figure out what to do, or where to go.
with eyes dulled and a numbed expression.
armed men in uniform are on rooftops and behind barred gates.
aron has brought the old man and the child.
a squad car, its siren wailing, kicks up dust as it roars into the foreground.
fires blaze in the darkness and a pall of smoke covers the town.
harry holds on tightly and looks around at his companions.
suddenly, thinking of something, graham walks over to morgan, and crouching down, lifts up the back of the boy's beige and brown check shirt.
the serpent lunges.
rick still looks in the direction of the airport.
it's helen, all right.
the camera is accelerating.
jenny fidgets in the hall staring at the front door.
glum and pensive, emily lies in a bathtub.
louise pulls the gun they stole from the state patrolman.
now, as they enter a restaurant, a young red-haired waitress greets them.
charlie rises from his barstool.
it is almost a cruel challenge to the obviously humane broomfield.
in the back is a pool table.
harry, a dark and brooding look on his face, picks up a heavy ornamental dagger from the desk beside him.
graham shrugs, and looks uncertainly at merrill.
he takes his pen.
ilsa still cannot look at him.
he takes the bill.
he smiles dryly.
the coffin floats downstream for a beat and then everett pops out of the water next to it, gasping for air, shaking his head clear of water, and moving his shoulders to finish freeing himself from the rope round his wrists.
big tripods have been positioned within the cordon.
ken swiftly moves through the offices and approaches the records room doors.
the redcap comes from inside the car.
the two women watch him expectantly.
the display case hits octavius and propel him out of the bank onto a yellow cab.
it is a quiet look filled with infinite sadness.
elliot kisses hannah again; they embrace tightly.
she lets out a long slow exhale.
tuvia watches them retreating through the trees.
later he runs up a spiral stairwell.
sadie runs off.
the kid walks away still with his underpants up around his armpits.
then is startled by a footman.
so does bo catlett for that matter.
she looks up through gaps in the floorboards.
there is silence for a moment, then mary joins in singing with the phonograph record which has been playing all through the above scene.
mr. darcy stands, towering over mr. collins.
she hands him the fallen petals and the flower.
ryan and natalie meet several employees.
and he picks up his goblet.
as he passes a newsstand, he grabs the news vendor by the collar.
at a bus stop, several maids from the locality are climbing aboard.
by the pond, cigarette smoke drifts into shot.
alex shimmies from side to side.
wearing a ruby-colored evening gown, rose shoves past other passengers as she runs down a deck.
the camera then starts to tumble back down through mist and cloud below - through time and space - down to discover - .
a teenage girl walks down sub-urban street.
he grimaces and withdraws the bit from the door.
he tries to pass her but the landing is too small.
jeff now looks out to see what has happened to the old lady, and the man with the flowers.
the office is empty.
mitchell leaps across tiled rooftops, his pursuer following relentlessly.
she smiles and turns away from him.
it reaches from the ground floor to the roof.
hagrid's eyes closed and his head tilts back.
he approaches a battered domestic mailbox mounted on a pole.
rambo ducks down and finds a box of ammo.
they embrace, throwing their arms around one another.
her long, black skirt trailing on the ground, she leads the three men to a haystack,
later, in the arena office, $100 is laid on the desk in front of him.
tears fall down the stranger's face.
the wounds on his bruised face have tapes on them.
evan allows kayleigh to roll him away from the others.
the taxi leaves the adjustment bureau servants behind.
the boy lies moaning.
and harry thrusts the sword up to the loop of escaping mouse.
he tenses.
heidi takes one.
he pulls on a third.
jeep's eyes grow wide as the fierce angel steps into the diner.
she gazes at the serene countryside surroundings,
george indicates his bad ear.
he raises his right hand high, his eyes blaze, and his voice takes on a tone we have not heard before.
he points to the road ahead.
willie pulls up outside thurmond's house.
sauron lays waste to the armies of the last alliance.
tiny professor flitwick conducts the school band.
the door opens and michal enters, accompanied by a man, aged about thirty, szalas, confident, a little brash.
he turns quickly and walks on to his own office and enters.
the room is a monument to horrible, sleepless nights.
the climber lies next to it, his eyes closed.
dudley is still eating and watching television.
the phone pops out of her hands, jangles across the tile floor, smashes against the door and then bounces away, its cord ripped free.
breathing hard.
nat is now taking the chairs from the tables and arranging the bar for the afternoon and evening trade, while don leans back against the bar, the jigger of whiskey in his hand, and goes on talking.
on her way out, she stops.
from his bedroom leopold peeps out to watch.
and regards himself in the mirror for a moment, before going to the door.
ray bones then nods to his man who grabs chili, holds the point of the scissors to chili's throat.
mary stands watching silently.
he grabs it in both hands and leaps up onto the wall surrounding roof.
she stands and they continue dancing with her eyes on sandy, who motions toward the door.
a sudden explosion as edward is shot out of a giant cannon.
a door slams off-screen.
padma gets up and stalks off.
sallah laughs and pulls out a newspaper.
he stares at himself in a mirror.
also wearing pajamas, with a fluffy handkerchief in the left pocket, the wife is leaning over the railing holding onto the rope which leads to the dog's basket now on the floor of the courtyard.
he reconsiders, puts it back in the car and walks towards the house.
barnes struggles to get to his feet.
intense light filtering out through the swirling mist within.
they walk down the street to the doyles.
then one of the young recruits eagerly raises his hand.
peter gazes at a poster of mj, the face of parfumerie emma rose.
now dark clouds drift over manhattan.
she holds up rebecca's shopping bag.
she is wearing a white embroidered dress and black velvet cloak ornamented with the star and shield of st. george's cross.
sidney, dressed in long shorts and a hawaiian shirt, spots sophie approach lawrence.
with his thumb, nat indicates gloria.
santa pulls a fifth of old grandad from the cushions of his throne.
cal aims but doesn't fire.
his companion seems uninterested in his dilemma.
the binoculars are held for a moment until we see a puffing and blowing stella arrive at the opening of the alleyway.
he throws the binoculars down, and then looks about him.
a red biplane does a corkscrew dive above a skyscraper.
the crowd is unsettled, people are booing.
in the back room willie puts the sack down, and marcus points to an air conditioning vent.
al-saleem stands and picks up a hammer from table of tools
he takes his phone out and fumbles.
he uncovers a cage full of tiny blue creatures.
at the bottom of the stairs, rose runs into his arms.
fred and george try out their inventions.
her face creases with grief.
close shot -- reggie on the phone, looking like the rug has been pulled out from under her.
the ss lieutenant shoves him out of the way, then takes from his belt a dagger and cuts the string.
randal follows dante as he cleans up around the store.
mrs. gump, sitting in the audience, cries.
there is a tiny puzzled look from the waiter as don walks slowly towards the wash room.
they point their wands at lockhart, who is covered in dirt.
he points at cal, then gets up.
behind him news footage of five nurses holding infants mortices in.
she turns to kiss him.
the teams come out.
eyes closed, he faces the grove of trees, starts to talk, his voice low and strange.
he undoes the zipper at her neck.
the old woman scowls.
hermione puts one arm over harry's shoulder, the other over ron's.
ben's eyes dart about as he thinks.
drug paraphernalia and a large wad of cash are spread out on a table.
marley's next to patrick, eyeing his food.
amid the faded flowers on the grave is zoe's peacock feather, fluttering in the breeze.
they all look at him with some surprise.
she walks over to them and shakes each of their hands.
ron uses the deluminator.
holly keeps a photo of herself and ben on her desk in the open-plan office.
carrying briefcases and bundles of papers, they join the throngs of other witches and wizards hurrying to work through the great underground hall.
he releases banky.
he bellows in rage and hurls the box against the side of the van, where it finally cracks a hinge.
bo does so.
students walk along brick, tree-lined paths.
he pauses, nods amiably to gandhi, though gandhi does not react to his presence at all.
then flexes his arms, still encased in flesh.
harry looks pleadingly at ray bones.
the sedan bangs the fiat's rear bumper.
she remains in a tight ball, staring down at the ground.
gatsby pauses and lifts his head with a slight smile.
he mumbles to himself as he drives.
jane slowly opens her eyes and looks weakly at lizzie,
meanwhile, elise sits alone in the hospital waiting room.
carolyn is standing in the open service entrance.
her lips are brushing lightly against his cheek as she speaks.
sitting on the bottom bunk is carlos, 30s, a massive hispanic convict covered with faded indian ink jail tats of christ in agony.
he points vaguely in the direction of the other young people.
he bashes his face and knees him in the gut.
benzion vaults over the police counter, reaches for the transmitter,
they exchange stares.
bearing its fangs, the serpent twists and flexes its fiery body.
then laszlo breaks the silence.
looks at it.
lines of spiders are following each other up the wall and out of the window.
harry spreads his arms wide.
horrified, he slumps onto the sand.
the others follow him towards an open door at the end of the gloomy passage.
the man in black is now perched at the edge of the elevated castle ruin.
sim kicks the corsac out of the window.
on the pavement, the grogans' bin is surrounded by chewed empty boxes of baby equipment.
he's now walking him past sophie who pointedly averts her gaze.
hagrid sidles over to the towering madame maxime and gives her a wink.
she bends so she is looking at the floor and he is speaking almost into her ear.
he spits in al-saleem's face.
sidney saunters over to alison carrying a plate piled high with finger foods.
dale answers, leaving the security chain fastened.
emily stands.
mj slips off it but clasps hold of the rail running around the cable car roof.
fergus takes a break and watches the batsman hit a ball.
an indian regimental band strikes up martial music.
he turns back and eyes robbie, who stares back at him impassively.
further along, men are building a wall across the street.
something is moving in the undergrowth.
tuvia finds lilka as the dancers surge into the middle.
the wind blows her hair; she hugs the edward estlin cummings book to her chest.
frank waits patiently as melvin jerks his door back open.
she gets it out of her handbag and looks at george.
don is interviewed on tv.
she lights a cigarette and hands it to bob, then lights one for herself.
marge sits talking with two young women at one end of an elevated dance platform.
then he looks down sadly and moves off.
the entire school is assembled in the great hall.
the tracker walks slowly away as the windmill turns faster.
david looks up and follows the sound as it moves around above.
cal wears a baggy striped polo shirt, blue jeans and running trainers.
he is in the act of laying out the mattress.
he rams the cue ball into the pack.
hundereds of people leap onto the gate and board the arc
barty hits the gavel repeatedly.
the big man appears as she leaves.
she moves forward toward the bed.
three guys stare at him.
they continue down the hall in silence.
the mere mention of the fire swamp makes him pale.
he passes ron a goblet.
fabrizio and tommy help jack pull up the bench.
forrest is already at the far end of the road, clear of the chasing boys.
after jumping up and down a bit, he catches his breath and spots another mannequin holding a golf club.
he bangs against the corner of the table and falls onto the floor.
david halts an oncoming car by holding up a hand and pulls elise safely across the street.
mannequins try to lure her.
she pushes him and goes for her car.
the spacious club is empty this time of day.
the spray is hitting him full on the top of the head.
the bag moves very close to his coat.
he casually brushes some rolexes off the counter.
dave, the janitor, a ring with labelled keys on it in his hand, leads helen and mrs. deveridge up the stairs.
lester, still listening, looks like he's about to implode.
sarah is mid 20s, pretty with blonde, scraggly hair and a high forehead.
he puts his arm around ed and smiles at the offscreen camera.
satisfied with her placement of the table, lois heads out the door.
he puts coins in a shell-shaped bowl.
the crowd breaks into a cheer as ernie drops the telegram on top of the pile of money on the table.
at the main viewing screen, a green line shoots out from the arquillian ship, striking a region of planet earth.
on the left-hand side of the screen, a black and white photo of the real asael bielski appears.
jackson gets back into the limo.
he admires his new office as his former coworker, now new boss, approaches.
with a resigned shrug, he rests his club on his shoulder and walks away into the shadows.
carl and allison walk through the small lincoln, nebraska airport.
looking troubled, he stares down at emily.
ben sits in the sunny field, smiling to himself.
max, still holding the phone, is surprised by this outburst.
martin takes a seat.
jeff reaches quickly for his binoculars, and trains them on the salesman's apartment.
jeff's eyes lift to the salesman's apartment, and the amusement drains from his face.
at home, charlotte is sitting up in bed next to her sleeping husband, reading the book.
buttercup tries to speak again, can't, and is swooped off her feet onto humperdinck's horse, and off they go.
enjolras faces javert.
cal turns back to robbie who beams.
ahead, the lights of emergency vehicles flash.
ruth gazes at rose, then reaches out her hands.
the axe shatters with a deafening crack!
the armored car grinds forward.
their is much activity at the various tables.
he walks by a row of snacks and grabs one without looking at it.
the players swoop above the arena on their broomsticks, high over the heads of the excited crowd.
fabrizio opens the knife and cal backs away from the rushing water
he grabs the swinging club and scrambles up onto the troll's back.
jerry emerges wrapped in a parka, his arms sticking stiffly out at his sides, his breath vaporizing.
they're coming out through helen and jacob's skin, burrowing bloodily into klaatu.
he drops the machine gun to the table and it slides across, shattering glass.
hagrid takes the lamp and gives him the key.
she looks up at a shelf above her and gazes bitterly at a photograph of herself and hilly when they were younger.
he hears sobbing in a dark corridor.
a crack appears on the supermarket floor.
barnes pushes the windscreen out of the wrecked hatchback and climbs out onto the road.
we zoom slowly toward lester as he watches, transfixed.
the agent rolls a cigarette.
the judge lowers his eyes.
the lad reaches up to dial on the wall-mounted phone as klaatu looks around the room.
another day, she walks the same boot with a black coat on, an orange hat and a different designer handbag.
two men in suits open gates and the mercedes drives into a courtyard.
video footage shows a carpet of flowers around the gates and walls of buckingham palace, with crowds swarming around outside.
jack hugs her tight and kisses her forehead.
zus sits up and wipes his mouth.
then sits down to his ham and eggs.
then, moving on, he spots kitty and lydia, running wild through the hall.
she sits down in a chair near to the bed to watch him.
the waiter takes the check which is thrust between his vest and his stiff shirt and puts it face down in front of don, then hurries on with the tray of drinks.
dante stands there in silence for a moment.
then after a few beats, a joyous smile appears across her face.
forrest looks oddly at john lennon.
dr. briar and her colleagues are operating on emily.
feathers fly.
she turns and walks away from him.
elijah's eyes move from the television to his mother.
a plume of dust appears in the barren, empty desert.
the van speeds away through the christmas eve night and disappears into the distance, like the down of a thistle.
the man quickly looks away.
watson shakes his head and gets out.
kate closes the door behind her.
harry leans forward to staunch a wound on snape's neck.
we see a large metal drawer being opened and an all-too- familiar shape outlined under a damp sheet of muslin.
merrill's hands tighten around the handle as he walks forward.
she walks into the communal living area, where a figure is hunched over the keyboard of the piano.
fatigue overwhelms him, but he continues writing.
he closes his bellboy's jacket over it and anxiously makes his way into a hotel corridor.
alyssa stares after him, and then starts kicking and punching a car beside her, finally slumping to the ground.
the camera is behind the rack of liquor in a store on third avenue.
grandma walks past willie, apparently unmoved by the fact that santa is wearing a black balaclava.
szpilman waits and watches, and then a poor woman passes, carrying a can wrapped in newspaper followed by a ragged old man, dragging himself along.
the party continue their walk through the trees.
the camera pulls back into jeff's apartment until his head fills the screen.
griphook places his hand on the others.
thompson and his team enter glancing briefly at their unconscious colleague.
rick hands the letters to laszlo.
harry is knocked aside by something as it flashes past.
suddenly angela looks right at us and smiles.
gandalf still staring intently as if facing his enemy in person.
she runs out to the garden and slots the letter in the railings.
rose raises her middle finger, then waves.
mike pulls back, a little uncomfortable.
sarah watches them both, curious, confused.
hermione and ginny stare at harry who shifts awkwardly.
lizzie is shown in.
jack, rose, and other passengers pass the steward.
th crowd charm the hostility as the cage is set up above the wrestling ring.
they are near the top of the stairs.
her brow is pinched forlornly.
she turns her back to him.
jack looks down, then blinks and nods to himself.
he fastens the necklace with a blue heart-shaped diamond on rose.
his sedan skids up alongside another car and he peels away.
george glances up at nick.
air force one takes off.
in the birthing suite, bren, leah, and the midwife keep their eyes fixed firmly on juno.
buttercup, and her face is sad.
a young girl starts in after them.
brian is left hunched over on his hotel bed, head in hand.
mary begins to eat, her attitude a bit tense.
his lower lip trembles as he starts to cry.
lavender sits in the great hall glaring at ron.
he lays his fork on his plate.
he pushes them open.
there, on the wall in front of them, where it has loomed for the entire movie, is the enormous mural of the 1964 world's fair grounds.
the camera pans slightly to the left, as we see the dog being lowered in its basket.
octavius sees her slump to the floor.
it is said with a dignity and strength that makes the statement all the more bewildering.
mike flinches as the german rounds shatter the windows.
in the gallery a rhythmic pounding signals the anger and protest and is taken up around the hall.
spanish craperoo in style, as is the house throughout.
he peers earnestly at graham, whose eyes moistened a little as he fights with his emotions.
the great main doors swing open.
as reggie and adam approach the marine in full-dress uniform always on guard at the embassy.
outside, she staggers away.
terrified, draco and his cronies begin scrambling up a high stack of furniture.
aibileen's voice reads the words.
somehow nelec takes this moment to look into joe's face -- to silently -- in a look -- repent.
there is a silence as the motor stops, and then a series of sneezes that ends with a terrifying shriek.
his brow creased, carl reaches into his pocket.
lisa realizes she is getting nowhere.
the two men are with their guns outstretched, aiming at one another.
abby and the control room crew watch the proceedings.
he blinks and looks away.
the car swerves alarmingly.
rather than seeing his father across a table, he's looking up at a ceiling.
they regard each other, smiling.
she strokes the boy's hair affectionately.
screening his gesture from the ladies with his back, he picks up three apples and puts them in the top of the bag, to camouflage the bottles.
a beat, then we hear a rumble, like a train coming.
ryan shuts the door.
they're out of breath, but their survival instinct has kicked in.
she looks away briefly and nods.
trina smiles and looks at the passengers from her jump seat.
fezzik tries to crawl.
willie is sprinting up the walk toward the front door.
buttercup, standing there.
kyle shakes his head.
claire runs off.
voldemort has also disappeared.
on the pavement, he launches into another hip-thrusting '80s dance routine.
he places it in his right hand.
elijah closes his eyes.
he tries to talk as she continues kissing him.
sadness fills her face.
his rumpled look and relaxed manner suggest a man in whom casualness runs deep.
holding his gun, ferris walks along the hall and goes into the kitchen.
the woman removes her glasses for a better look at jamal.
he sits down to take off his shoes, but is interrupted by the sound of reggie screaming.
kayleigh, now haggard, strung-out junkie, opens the door and immediately the contempt for evan grows in her eyes.
eddie moves to take his shot, ignoring fats altogether.
forrest tries to hold back his tears.
she's trying to wrestle a book away from him.
cannons are fired splintering the barricade and throwing up clouds of smoke.
elliot, his back to the camera, is opening the door to lee.
rose gazes back at the monitor which shows the underwater image of the fireplace in her former suite.
frank pushes open the door to melvin's apartment and places verdell inside.
the truck is loaded with boxes that contain salt packets and nehru and eight or nine others are selling them to people who flock about the truck.
aragorn pulls a hunting knife out of his pack and straps it on.
it rocks under his weight.
norman all the while firmly locked into it.
he falls head first into the pond inside the snake's enclosure.
lou gazes out the window, thinking.
people are reflected in the mirror of a shop changing room, peering in nervously.
willie drives, his jaw set, a desperate man in a santa suit.
alyssa and the girl continue to make out.
a gaggle of reporters and photographers, one holding a long boom microphone, are standing inside the big double doors at the end of the corridor.
he smiles thoughtfully and goes back to join alex, julie and jim.
mirabehn nods and looks resignedly at ba.
suddenly the three large military trucks' headlights come on -- all aimed at jack -- he is blinded -- tries to see.
joe's eyes glued on the house for a while.
she aims her wand.
aragorn warily approaches boromir.
he has a gun, but he truly doesn't want to shoot norther.
inigo accepts the pill as fezzik takes westley, who is stiff as a board now.
as she exits, he activates the machine.
willowy, well-dressed serena walks off with emily.
he is quiet, morose.
sophie and eleanor lead the way outside where a bustling crowd of press photographers asking for sophie's attention.
a single light bulb hangs from a wire in the ceiling which is the only light in the room
the room suddenly becomes silent as viktor krum walks in and puts his name in the flame.
he watches while mulwray makes his way down to the center of the riverbed.
andy struggles back into the office, carrying big bags and four coffees.
his arms are trembling immediately now.
shafts of light gradually form the shape of a running man.
tex holds up his hand, motioning that he doesn't know.
he's wearing a baseball hat with his uniform now.
like a gymnast on rings, spider-man's arms are stretched wide, one attached to the web supporting them all, the hand of the other still grasping the cable tightly.
dillinger swaps looks with gilbert, then shoves through a revolving door.
in his study, dumbledore pours it into the pensive.
using their wands as torches, they enter a previously- hidden tunnel.
a noise emanates from the junkyard and he looks over at it for a moment, then gets back on with his job.
rising out of the long, overgrown white flowers are scattered among the well seeded grasses.
he turns his horse angrily and gallops back toward the factories.
mozart falls on his knees.
jane turns to ricky and he takes her in his arms.
there is a little light beyond the glass doors.
jeff lowers the binoculars a little, and takes a normal eye sight on the alleyway.
lydia and kitty are surrounded by officers.
norm and the vagrant guy both wear pleated trousers.
a worried expression on her face, she lifts the blanket and reveals his wand in pieces.
alette gives a gallic shrug.
she slaps the hand away.
the woman picks out some clothes.
his ankles and wrists are bound with cable ties.
he waves his torch through the darkness: illuminating a huge, cavern.
merrill walks over to the radio.
they grapple with each other, rolling over and over on the stone floor.
quick close-ups as they rewind the film and rip it.
dr. abel lays his pen across mickey's closed file.
tiny bluebirds flutter around them.
the grogans are asleep as marley busies himself chewing some of john's socks.
one by one the men jump out, their chutes clipped to a main line.
he stumbles backwards into the crops.
the hideously deformed features of gothmog standing over the prone figure of the injured ranger.
reaching into his trouser pocket, he brings out his revolver.
she's staring at chili again.
david's hands wrap around the bar slowly feeling for the optimum grip.
ferris pulls out his earpiece.
the table is beautifully set for thanksgiving dinner, complete with candles, flowers, cut crystal, china, and silver.
jenny takes off her slip and sits on the bed next to him.
evan steps over some passed out bodies that litter the hallway of an incredibly seedy motel.
he gets to his feet.
freddy, joe, nice guy eddie and mr. white all sit around a table in a red-lighted smokey bar.
the dude looks at the stranger as if just now noticing how out of place the cowpoke is.
she's gone.
mr. bennet strides ahead into the house and sets down his hat and cane.
sam gets to it first, opens it a slight crack, looks out, then opens it wide enough for lila and himself to pass through.
almost at the door, he stops for a beat.
he reaches out to pick up the locket but the loose sand of his hand just crumbles around it.
he rolls off the raft and swims to the end of the pool.
she glares.
it's caught in a web.
evelyn's car speeds along the curves on sunset boulevard, the red and white lights coming in and out of view.
she seems unnerved.
ryan steps back and looks at the map, which is covered in photographs.
water rushes after them as they run down the passageway.
the queen turns back to the window.
mr. braddock is running back and forth, clapping his hands and delivering his now soundless pitch.
an auror is thrown aside.
above the pole, bright lights shine into the pool.
tuvia comes across aron sitting hunched on a mossy bank.
the third gives them a curt look and goes back to her knitting.
a man rushes down towards the toilets.
kay, swimming in the bug's intestinal fluid, tries to make his way to the gun, holding his breath.
jenny and the violinist exchanged glances as they play.
in bright sun, szpilman and benek march in a column, four abreast, under the command of two jewish foremen, guarded by two german policemen.
gandhi stares at her breathlessly, his temper subsiding into a dazed remorse.
she takes another chestnut.
he uses a cane.
professor trelawney and padma patil pull a blanket up over a dead body.
the mouth of the huge bearded statue starts to open.
he looks up, and their eyes meet.
lazar and laila walk off.
lance puts down his cereal and makes his way to the phone.
karl and rick wait expectantly as evan nervously enters.
the cloak rips and gives way.
he grasps it in his hand.
ben stands back.
annie is startled by the crash.
she pushes his hand away, so he reaches up and unzips the back of her skirt.
the cop shoves george to one side.
ahead of the submersible, a prowl of the sunken ocean liner looms up.
baum whips out his gun, then peers at a car parked in the alley.
he points his umbrella at the fireplace and lights the fire.
debbie twirls her long, sweaty hair.
george rubs his head with his hand, to clear his mind.
staring ahead, his expression cold and malevolent.
he twists the knob and drags the door open.
on the lawn, benjamin turns to see a man watching him from the street.
the car approaches, slowing.
evelle and the cashier, a late-middle-aged man (perhaps the proprietor of this small mom-and-pop store) face each other across the check-out counter.
joe looks back at the pamphlet -- his other hand coming up from under the table -- and jack sees that joe is holding his mother's locket.
a bed is delivered.
a third man walks into the torchlight, a hound drooling at his heels.
percy weasley spots them.
first officer murdoch steps up beside him.
mad-eye winks to harry and he laughs.
the queen turns back to him.
his mother measures his height against the wall.
sandy unfolds the note.
tight shot of rear wheel of green t-bird laying rubber out of the motel parking lot.
gandhi has finished the last potato.
the power flowing from harry's wand connects with an equal force of pulsating energy.
smiling with relief, he clutches it tightly in his hand.
harry's friends cheer him on.
they rush out and split up.
a tentacle reaches into the bus and grabs overmyer.
he indicates ron.
as lance readies the injection, vincent looks up at jody.
lester, a large, ferocious-looking german shepherd, trots happily into the kitchen, spies annie and walks over to her.
a beautiful, blonde, ruffled-haired angel swinging her purse in a circle.
standing in front of the desk is a distinguished-looking man, obviously the president of the bank.
he leaps from horse to train.
he immediately swings to the window, and lifts them to his eyes.
spider's car cruises down the street outside.
the planes continue to completely obliterate the town.
someone hands sydney a gift box at his desk, the new omega speedmaster watch.
he freezes with his hand still on the key.
the shape keeps coming.
they step out onto the porch.
howard nailed to the upside-down cross below.
there seems no consensus on this, but the students stare in wary wonder nonetheless.
michael rounds on rambo.
he turns his head to lisa, who answers.
wade sits behind the wheel of an idling lincoln, waiting for stan.
the crewcut guy smiles back.
in a restaurant, abby sits at a table with the guy.
shells explode to the right and left of tuvia, but miss their mark.
now they grapple with one another, each trying to break free and reach for the gun.
frodo turns to see merry and pippin hidden in a hollow, a few feet away.
debbie and barb are cleaning up.
fats and eddie eye each other coldly, fats with his glass in his hand, eddie with his bottle.
her arms are painted in intricate gold and henna designs.
kurt falters, then drives in front of nick and circles the two cars to bring up the rear.
everyone freezes.
a dark-haired woman with a little boy comes out.
frodo looks up as aragorn towers over him.
way down below is the ever-changing landscape of the united states of america -- lush mountains, densely packed cities and vast patchworks of fields.
he hears a noise, and sees uncle billy entering the office.
as she softly leaves the room peter turns his doleful gaze back to the window.
she waves to an older fresh faced lad in the violin section.
the polish soldiers: two of the officers stand near the entrance, hearing szpilman's shouts.
the patrolman raps again, less gently.
debbie raises a brow and nods.
a u-boat blides the whole surface.
a casually dressed young man dressed with a beard lies on a bed.
camels pull a truck with no engine, watched by goolaj and magarri.
she treats the gaping wound on ron's left shoulder with a few drops of the essence.
her secret admirer watches sullenly and leah, doing stretching exercises, grins.
galadriel pours water into the basin from a silver jug.a glow rises from the water.
the preacher freezes with his arms held aloft.
he gets in the patrol car and drives it off with its lights flashing.
a smart brownstone with a wide set of steps leading up to an arched entranceway.
she gracefully moves across the room to the rhythm of the music and dance, toward the ice box.
where the banks are earthen, they are parched and choked with weeds.
zachetti comes up.
he imitates the batsman's motion with his sledgehammer.
she slides the side-stick forward.
one of moody's feet is encased in a metal boot.
in another seat is joseph's mother, catherine.
the hall is full of dogs, at least five, all jumping up and dashing about and making a terrific racket.
jane rolls her eyes in disbelief.
his head drops.
the atmosphere becomes more strained.
sound perspective through the stethoscope: hollow thunks followed by an unnaturally loud and present creeeeeeeeak.
robin casts his eyes down.
peter's eyes rove in anguish as his brows knit in a frown.
elise's eyes pool with tears.
pearl holds the doll to her, and john moves in quietly to her side.
jay looks on, in stunned horror.
several more townspeople have come in from the street and are following the play.
then she's barged to the floor by an over-zealous competitor.
karl pauses to look at his figures as helen watches them both curiously.
he looks down at gandhi and shakes his head.
coming to the end of an aisle, her eyes widen and she hastily steps backwards.
looking slick and handsome in his extremely sharp suit, james d edwards iii -- or, rather, jay -- steps into the doorway from the locker room.
we see a banner: the congress party.
nehru clasps his hand in congratulation.
in their mouths are two s&m-style ball gags (a belt goes around their heads and a little red ball sticks in their mouths).
soaring up: to reveal the court of the kings, crowded with 4000 people.
enrique keeps his eyes on the young couple.
he lowers the phone from his ear.
elijah takes a deep breath and turns off the engine.
inside, he ignores the flames and runs up the stairs.
the conversation swirls on around parrish, he is deaf to it.
he removes the cloth.
ron turns his back.
- the three men walk past a cotton field dotted with burst pods.
at that moment: the ground quivers, and a great rumbling noise rolls across the ground and echoes in the mountains.
nick looks bemused.
throwing clothes into a knapsack.gandalf watches him, making plans.
she closes her eyes.
and sits down beside him.
with a last great heave the lines of convicts haul the damaged ship onto the slipway.
the cheerful italian feeling is gone.
guns firing, people shouting and screaming, sirens wailing.
she looks up, as nick enters the fridge and walks up to her.
he's flushed spinning down the loo.
eyes open, the face badly cut and bruised.
karl thinks a moment.
as we hear the rumble of an approaching car, the continuing tilt and boom down brings us down the woodsman's body to a pedestal.
fully dressed, they decorate the house.
out of the blackness something is falling toward us.
eponine has been watching, sadly.
as stan grabs harry's trunk, harry peers into the shadows across the street -- now simply shadows -- and climbs aboard.
john has entered in background.
merrill turns the channel knob and checks all the stations.
harry walks away and draco angrily tries casting a spell.
turns, sees harry step forward expectantly.
carl winds sticky tape around his head.
jack turns to rose.
renault looks around the empty cafe.
freddy gets into the car and it pulls into traffic.
harry quickly unties his shoelace and dangles his shoe over the edge of the bed.
his german companion drifts off.
he picks up a good-sized chunk of concrete dislodged by the crashing saucer and hurls it at the bug.
he approaches a cinema kiosk, hands over a coin, and receive the ticket.
they are walking in an alleyway toward her house.
she parks her bike and secures it with a chain lock.
they look with determination into each other's eyes.
she seems about to speak.
morgan holds out his hand.
they are surrounded.
cal steps on a piece of broken banister and falls.
andrews shakes his head.
zoe shakes her head again.
frodo gratefully takes a small sip from sam's bottle.
she nods, pissed, waves and leaves.
he also wears a khaki army surplus shirt with the sleeves cut off over an old bowling shirt.
carol and leslie, another waitress, are waiting for their order at the cappuccino bar.
ilsa is now noticeably uncomfortable.
at night, in one of thousands of taxis, kevin reads jane's filofax.
marcus is on his annual shopping spree, helping himself to all the various goodies lois had listed.
air force soldiers grab louis in the evacuation center.
she's wearing dove gray gabardine, subdued, tailored.
a tiny circle of light hits norman's face, coming from the hole in the wall behind the picture.
the crowd of onlookers watch as the queen looks at the flowers.
she grins as he talks happily on the phone.
the boys stop the chase and watch in disbelief.
nat pulls one.
over in the bushes everett, delmar and pete are straightening up and adjusting their appropriated robes and hoods, having disposed of the color guard.
vincent moves back to retrieve his clothes.
julie is in white.
he begins to open and close the desk drawers after quickly examining the top.
they walk home.
he suddenly pauses.
as they draw close, orion the cat bolts from underneath it, races between their legs, and leapfrogs over several small cabinets, landing on top of a very tall one with only six inches clearance between it and the ceiling.
as eddie enters, we see two burly men, cue sticks in hand, watching as a pale, skinny young man lines up his shot.
hermione aims her wand at the flames up ahead.
watching her closely.
michal and szpilman on the landing, enter the flat.
abby enters, looking amazing in a little black dress and sling backs.
she goes and he stares at his wet, blistered hands.
malcolm turns to find cole frozen about ten feet back.
and there is joe and nelec, face-to-face -- joe seeing the fear in nelec's eyes -- his understanding that this is his fate.
gollum's eyes snap open.
they are both reflected in the curved screen of an old tv, so the edges of the room look distorted.
on a wood panelled wall he sees a large portrait of a boy with dark hair.
aragorn places boromir's sword in his hand.
lizzie watches them not quite knowing what to make of the encounter.
they enter the bar.
harry sits beside her.
they aim their weapons at the vehicle.
the very nice bmw which wille drives away in.
he turns on the radio.
she can only stare in horror at the sight of her dead friend.
harry finds ron in the boy's dormitory.
later he enters a stately men's room.
rebecca falls off her bed.
harry is alone, clutching his wand.
she takes out a yellow lockbox and opens it.
the girl, now dressed in dark and revealing leotard, and ballet slippers, has just turned away from a portable record player.
lisa is in the courtyard directly below jeff's window.
both bodies lying on the floor.
daisy does a pirouette.
a carriage, drawn by four white horses pulls into the drive at longbourn.
he opens a freezer and finds a bottle of vodka.
as we pull back from the headboard ed's arms are gently depositing the sleeping nathan jr.into the crib.
ryan sees alex and gives her a little embarrassed wave.
leaving the classroom, ron follows hermione and harry down a circular stone staircase.
marius squats down and puts his arm around her.
barnes powers through the flipping vehicles, as taylor looks back anxiously over his shoulder.
leaving his concerned aunt and uncle downstairs, peter absently makes his way upstairs to his room.
but chili keeps looking at martin.
move fast with joe as he races, a lit sparkler giving him his light -- the mechanical rumbling all but gone now.
gatsby nods and looks slightly at a loss.
piquett faces the deputy.
jenny puts an arm around him.
then suddenly, she apparently opens the door, because the living room, we see her arm suddenly appear, pointing at the man and the telephone.
umbridge is unmoved.
as the train pulls in and comes to a stop.
thumper seems oblivious to their taunts as evan knocks the three-ball in the side.
felipe stands at his open locker.
as the students eye snape with guarded curiosity, malfoy finishes scrawling something on a bit of parchment and balls it up in his hands.
he glares at suhrawardy and then back at gandhi.
audrey nods and walks down the stairs as she wipes her face.
doctor gulden wears a dark frock-coat; vogler, a cassock.
ivan looks at magarri and raises a glass.
except for his dark glasses, he might pass for a conservative businessman out for an evening with the boys, sipping milk instead of alcohol to soothe an ulcer.
forrest gets down and looks around.
she looks around nervously.
she is in her bra and halfslip.
larry, a fifteen-year- old, looks at the two men.
szpilman takes in the room.
now in her late 60s, daisy addresses the cab driver.
she sneers.
four identical gray bins sit outside the door.
harry swallows hard and follows the direction moody has indicated.
a hand snatches harry's shoulder.
he gazes into it.
sam slashes at the cave troll's knee, bringing him down.merry and pippin jump on him.legolas fires an arrow.and the cave troll topples, dead.
ferris follows.
vogel removes a glove and slaps henry with it.
jay watches as the bug continues its howl of triumph.he feels totally defeated.
harry's gaze stays trained ahead.
they run up a deceased elevator into an atrium door with an enormous gold chandelier.
catherine drapes herself around nick in a chair.
he leans against the wall and throws up.
the trooper walks up the shoulder, one hand resting lightly on top of his holster, his breath steaming in the cold night air.
ginny sits beside harry with a plate of dainty mince pies.
jay and kay are sucked to the ground by the bizarre force, thudding to their stomachs like magnets to a refrigerator.
with torches on either side, luna and harry stand framed in them.
it drops a long thin parcel.
a red-haired girl sits on the trolley of an older dark- haired boy walking beside him.
he turns and crosses the hall to reveal the presence of gimli, legolas, eomer and aragorn.
smiling, rose lowers her head.
to parvati and padma's annoyance, harry and ron won't dance.
overlapping mayhem, but charles obsesses over his camera.
tommy hides, preparing to jump out and scare lindsey.
draco pulls back his sleeve to show the death eater mark on his arm.
he starts crying.
morgan starts to back away.
and lila's scream is joined by another scream, a more dreadful, horrifying scream which comes from the door behind her.
in the background behind him is the gas station.
just then, a shadow crawls the glossy surface of the crystal and.
audrey and sandra come out.
bottles are passed round.
from the platform uri has hoisted alec onto the rising, but alec can't reach him.
mrs. bennet and the girls are shown in.
green slime slithers from one girl's cauldron and plops onto the table.
mike looks uncomfortable, then forces a smile.
harry flies up.
he is much younger than she, and a little more keyed up to the promise of an adventure still fresh to him.
the camera pans up the front of the building to the top floor windows, as a little rain starts to fall.
the huge, black dog leaps over their heads, grabs ron's leg and drags him towards the tree.
she quickly does it back up and gives willie a kiss.
9 other corsair ships follow behind.
a bedroom door crashes open and the kid emerges screaming and runs right into willie.
the movie cuts back to mickey, sitting almost obscured in the dark theater.
a spectacular indoor olympic pool, window commanding views of the skyline.
on the bureau is the sealed letter addressed to miss elizabeth bennet.
he starts to age -- fast!
gittes hesitates, then moves in that direction but climbs along the promontory in order to be above mulwray.
neither says anything for a while.
mrs. bennet turns to glare at her husband.
at school, a grey head starkly built woman in a mauve cardigan sits behind the desk looking disapprovingly at juno bulging.
one of his pincers bends around and takes of his hat.
a five-year-old salim, grinning mischievously.
as he is buttoning the second, there is a sound from outside.
vincent, smiling, walks a little bit behind.
denethor leaps across the pyre, ripping and tugging at pippin!
prince humperdinck and count rugen, watching her.
joe rises, follows parrish to the door, stops.
the door is opened and michael charges passed charlie and out into hell.
michael places his two guns in the bags and takes them to the police car.
tom and daisy are driven away from the mansion.
allison wears a massive red stetson.
laszlo looks for a moment at rick, then in dignified silence crosses to the officer.
he pecks his wife on the cheek and goes.
potter is wheeled in toward a long table around which several men are seated.
the housekeeper turns to lizzie.
he's been chatting away the entire time.
camera reveals that the floor is intricately patterned so that passage for melvin is impossible.
they place her beside two unconscious men.
he put the gun down,
the man paying a hot dog pays for her hot dog with a $20 bill.
renault, strasser, and heinze sit calmly at their table after witnessing the arrest.
a door opens behind the queen.
three soldiers troop out of the mess hut.
she recoils.
the girl scratches the back of her ankle with her other foot.
javier lies dead on the road with his face resting against his right arm.
harry grabs him.
it passes the lobby level and keeps right on going, toward the basement.
a shaft of light comes from the corridor.
the interrogator smacks her and grabs her chin.
charlie cocks the gun, moves toward the door.
snape turns.
he walks off the porch.
the malfoys make their escape back across the bridge.
later, a steward opens a door for jack.
he picks up one of the papers irritatedly, the london daily chronicle.
he strokes its white muzzle and with a deep sigh takes his revolver out of its holster.
at the plaza, the crowd waves spanish flags as the secret service agents escort ashton's double to the podium.
his landlord steps out of his flat, peeling an orange.
going into the bedroom the outflung satchel catches a piece of doorframe and wallboard and rips through it, leaving a hole.
he fishes out a ten-dollar bill, thrusts it in his pocket and is about to close the purse when he sees the carnations.
the handsome brill-creamed gent in the '50s movie slides an engagement ring onto sydney's mum's finger and she gazes love- struck into his eyes.
he nods through his torn mask.
he gets out.
the dude flinches at the man's movement as he gets out.
ron steps closer to harry.
stumbling back, chuck pulls up his pants.
leah pulls a face.
arnie hands john back some copy.
the boys grin and gulp down the drinks.
he knocks over a bottle as he tries to get up off the stool.
gandhi turns to him, light-hearted again.
he looks down on mia.
somebody mows the grass.
colonel nelec approaches them.
they stand face to face.
her wrists are tied above her head and lashed to the radiator.
as she takes in the space, he sets a chair near a sofa and looks to her.
he stops by some bins, lifts the lid of one of them and takes out two paper cups.
a guy, flash tompson is armed around mary jane, nods to another student.
bob decides to go and investigate.
inigo steps away, draws his sword, loosens up with a few perfect thrusts.
blocking with an arm, edward tries to push himself free, but the creature's hands -- it has hands instead of paws -- hold on tight.
elise drapes her arms around david's shoulders.
he glares at dumbledore and speaks.
in the bedroom, everything is packed with the exception of one open suitcase.
jamal watches as his mother is clubbed in the face.
she covers herself and walks away, as pete remains in bed fully clothed with sneakers on.
the television reveals forrest as he is awarded the medal of honor by president johnson.
evelyn, looking a little worn but glad to see him hurries to the door.
fleur kisses harry.
professor mcgonagall steps to the window and looks down into the courtyard, as harry rejoins the cheering first-years.
he turns and walks back up the aisle, looking for a place to sit.
it is a beautifully appointed salon, wood-paneled, filled with plush divans and decorated with terra cotta roman statuary.
tears glisten in gabriel's eyes.
we see fergus from her point of view, coming toward her with jody's white cricket shirt, glowing eerily in the dark.
he tries to wriggle down, but his head remains well above the level of the bath.
down goes the man in black.
fergus walks into the room and turns on a small desk-light.
at the water's edge, harry removes his clothes, except for his boxer shorts.
she smiles, surprised but not doubting.
he waves to king george who starts to chant.
he carries it to the counter.
breathing hard ron hesitates for a moment then follows his friend.
we can see there's writing on the back.
parachute, lets go of her another dive for her as the plane and they continue to fall.
he is glancing through the program as the curtain rises (changing the light on our group).
the two of them walk slowly away.
the cameraman follows the balloon as it slowly starts to rise.
the two powerful forces meet like molten lava in a burst of flashing sparks and flame.
edgar just starts to turn when they hear the bell and a voice from the corridor outside.
later he joins santa in the vault, and finds santa peering through the hole he drilled.
the bird looks sadly to his face.
the horses head bobbing.trees sliding by.moonlight flickers through the trees.
janet offers a piece of cake to lee.
elizabeth looks peevish and uncomfortable.
carl taps him on his left shoulder and leans round to his right.
don can't see them, they can't see him, as he overhears their conversation, and it takes him a little time to realize that they are helen's parents.
the lasalle stops in front of the market.
they both have white hair, the woman's pulled into a bun.
shaken by the bizarre memory, he wipes his sweaty face with his boxing glove.
the stalks all lie in the same direction.
lenny drops to the floor, indian style, wipes the dirt in his hands and freezes up completely.
george is crossing the street, heading for the offices of the building and loan.
the three convicts, holding coffee cups, gaze into the fire.
gandalf as he sets alight a particularly spectacular firework that draws gasps of admiration from the party guests.
the burly guy is restrained.
as he spasms, he grabs hold of the shower curtain around the bath.
abby spins out, swishing her hair round.
the waitress has just arrived for their order.
satisfied, she takes off the glasses, and examines her face as a whole, through squinting eyes.
pill in hand, he drops it into westley's mouth.
inside, harry and ron minus hermione join the men.
umbridge destroys it.
carl dives off.
norton is watching him almost stupefied.
spider-man swoops and soars once more through the streets of new york, making his way, speeding in a straight flying using the webs extending from his wrists as a means of propulsion to haul him along between the tall buildings.
he goes to knock.
malcolm shakes his hand in circles.
evan comes to to find lenny still staring at him.
he pulls another can of beer from underneath the counter, pops it and places it in front of her.
bellatrix is holding neville by the hair.
heading back to the house.
gandalf strides down the hall, with pippin following obediently behind.
bilbo bows in acknowledgement to elrond, celeborn and galadriel, who return his greeting.
he throws open the door.
as george passes potter's wheelchair he pushes the old man's shoulder.
the real ben sits miserably in tim's motel room, staring at a wall of newspaper cuttings about the crash.
as the light begins to fade and several beers later, he gets to his feet.
merrill turns left and disappears from graham's view.
she's carrying a letter.
he breathes heavily, with closed eyes.
the sportscasters continue their coverage.
his expression wistful, he stares across the warehouse.
she walks slowly towards harry.
dante calls to the sidelines.
dil shoots jude in the throat, and she falls dead, covered in blood.
audrey looks up to see michael's expressionless face circled .
bert points to eddie.
mr. white calms down and puts his gun away.
he throws it onto the lower bunk.
he sits down on a couch, with a display of fatigue.
aunt may gets to her feet.
she tries to get him to join in.
rough rider steps forward to look at the box as fedora opens it.
neff stops and looks towards the cigar counter, as he moves towards him.
a jet takes off.
dusk is falling in the street outside their house.
will, back from the grocery store, reaches the top of the stairs.
the table is all laid out with a thanksgiving dinner, a huge turkey sitting at the far end.
it howls to the moon.
harry utilized, presses forward.
cedric is pinned down with no means of escape.
she finishes drying her hair and wraps the towel like a turban on her head.
he's shivering with cold, his shoes with holes show his purple feet.
cornelius fudge uses his wand to amplify his voice.
he springs at her, plunging the butcher knife.
jack gently pulls her toward himself.
the gypsy pats watson on the shoulder.
uncle vernon spots harry laughing and glares at him suspiciously.
he is pulled away.
it sprawls across the floor.
he looks in the mirror at them.
they move toward the altar.
she wears a bathrobe and thick glasses and has another pair of glasses on a chain around her neck.
the ice breaks, and harry disappears into the water.
hi turns to face him.
next door, walt sweeps his drive with a broom.
a wizened old attendant sits nearby.
with a livid scowl, tuvia drops the stone on the ground and gets to his feet.
andy sets a tray down on miranda's desk, and sprinkles herbs onto miranda's steak.
billie caresses their contents, then rejoins dillinger in bed.
vernon lets go and falls onto the grass.
boromir looks with wonderment at narsil, the broken blade of elendil, which lies on a cloth-covered plinth.
the couple wrap their arms tightly around each other as they continue to kiss with mounting passion.
aibileen puts down the cutlery she's holding and nods mutely.
baby face comes upon homer and shouse, who aim their guns at the ford.
they quickly leave.
he is pulling into a convenience store parking lot.
jim #1 and carolyn continue to chat, unaware that lester is watching them.
with a relieved smile, rebecca whips off her spotted shrug.
tracking back before gandhi, singh and tyeb mohammed as they move forward, fear suddenly making their pace more labored.
he bends down and kisses her cheek.
the rain splatters back up from the river, hitting the soldiers.
forrest continues running as the boys chase him.
merrill turns to the sergeant.
gandhi looks down, then lifts his head to azad.
pete is shaking his head, miserable.
while she is distracted, noah swims away.
sickly would be the word that describes him best -- pallid, consumptive-looking.
two rebels approach along the path leading to the gangplank.
it's as if all the forces of the natural world had conspired to create him.
as the van approaches, down in the diner, audrey peeps out through the blinds.
their eyes move to the front yard.
forrest pays an old black shrimper a large wad of cash.
the wipers are having a battle with the now torrential rain.
salim and jamal wind their way down pila street.
rambo picks up a towel and wipes his face.
many are hit.
girls in tasseled bikinis and feather headdresses dance on a stage.
laughing, he turns to the little girl sitting on his lap; he clinks his bottle against the bottle she is holding, which is almost as big as she is.
the female thug rips the knife from the tire as sandy speeds off.
frodo looks up at galadriel.
he nervously cracks open a container of orange tic-tacs and pours them into his mouth.
humperdinck, and now be starts wrestling mightily with his bonds.
a soldier reads the names from a pile of letters.
he turns the digicam off and the tv screen goes blue.
elsewhere, stoney-faced flint is lumbering along the street.
jugglers entertain the crowd, as even more tents are erected.
captain curtis is upright inside the 10-feet tall rocket as it lifts off.
benjamin stands on the front porch and opens the telegram as the postman leaves.
smuts has risen.
he stops in front of it, and tries to read the writing carved around the wooden frame.
rick's eyes react.
then, she drops to her knees in front of juno
frederick takes a bite of his sandwich and another sip of coffee as lee walks out of the bathroom, tossing the towel down on the counter.
from john's eye-level; as john steps in front of him and pearl beside him.
george catches a glimpse of the front of the building with the neon sign over the door.
in the back, jackson is with is family, gordon and tamara.
a smile flickers across zoe's lips.
wearing the hat and coat, jack grabs rose's arm.
ben leans forward slightly, pushing the car recklessly in and out of the traffic.
he vaults a balustrade into the balcony above the lobby, avoiding the squads of agents looking for him.
mr. blonde slowly walks toward the cop.
edward motions for sandra to get up here with him.
miss fuller scowls at benjamin.
the inundated valley shows only the occasional roof- or treetop poking out of the newly formed river.
self-satisfied, he relaxes.
the mercedes pulls out and drives away down the street, passing andy, who flips her hair and walks on in the opposite direction.
at home, carl lies beside his toilet.
eddie is already at the table.
next to him, his computer screen beeps importantly.
sue, her mother and thao get back to theirs.
more police cars have joined, and from every direction, police cars are swarming across the desert, although none are in front of them.
pippin stirs slightly, then settles back to sleep.
her brow furrowed emily stares at him.
outside is a hooded jogging top over the sweatshirt.
crocodile boots stop in front of him and nullah looks up into fletcher's face.
all the students are laughing as they try to untangle themselves.
mark seems to lose himself in the music, then he looks at juno.
as gideon comes out of his room and goes to the elevator.
he shoots out a web and pulls himself up.
he tries the knob -- the door is locked.
boromir looks at aragorn in despair.
he pulls his medal of honor from around his neck.
it is the familiar booking room.
vanessa looks like she's giving up hope.
david's eyes focus on charlie.
taylor follows him to a car.
thumper and the co-ed quickly cover themselves in the blankets and leave.
lester is frozen, unable to speak.
bert rises, moves his chair about six inches, and sits down again.
satnam and his wife hug their son between them as adrian listens.
he falls to the ground.
she starts to run to him, but the other women seize her.
dante places a mop in the corner.
smack in the middle is ron, scabbers perched on his shoulder.
the guy turns away.
parts of the school are ablaze.
a woman gently rubs her foot against a man's.
thorwald goes past the alley opening.
he gives her the diary.
the spider dies.
a short westerner (albert west) is running the simple printing press which is powered by a crude generator.
the photo turns into live action as the general dons a hooded sheet over his head.
emily shakes her head.
wearing a waiter's jacket, neville walks away.
he is easy to identify through the color of his garish necktie.
a white-coated vet washes her hands.
hoffman is at a kids' soccer match.
blood begins to trickle from evan's nose as a guttural sound is uttered from deep within him.
mrs. robinson takes a cigarette from her purse and lights it.
he puts it in don's suitcase.
the midget tosses his balled-up white hood into the car and both men shrug into their suitcoats.
he steps out to meet piquett.
she shakes her head and walks off.
he taps a projector and turns ron's pages.
but darcy gets up, strides awkwardly across the room,
unable to stop, he smashes into a wall poster and slams to the ground.
four of them -- a red, a yellow, a blue, and a green, still attached to the portion of the torn envelope.
david glances down, then looks up and gives joseph a smile.
jeep, charlie, and audrey get in the police car.
the colonel is washing his ford explorer, squatting to scrub the bumper, when something catches his eye: lester and the jims jog down the street.
signs read hollywood, beverly hills.
ryan turns and goes.
klipspringer, a wild-haired young man with glasses, plays the organ.
preacher staggers out and runs yelping with pain into the barn.
she closes and locks the car door.
evelyn stares back at gittes, amused and appalled.
the first one hurriedly salutes him.
the three bowlers, stopped at the edge of the lot, stare out at an empty parking space.
with tears rolling down his face, wilson drinks and absently presses the glass against his face.
he gets in the car and floors it, roaring away, as the flickering street lamps finally go out in rapid succession, a wave chasing him, plunging the entire city into darkness.
a large video screen outside a las vegas hotel displays a caption.
he is awake!
peter's bright blue eyes twitch nervously.
the gryffindors capture the quaffle.
he whirls a lariat as the wild horse canters around him.
luna throws down a piece of raw meat.
giving someone else a weak wave, sandy heads to his office and pauses and looks at his name placard on the glass door.
they turn to watch as it soars gracefully around the tower.
light flares from a torch held aloft by a robed woman standing on a pedestal in front of a sky dominated by towering clouds.
scratched by the sharp twigs, hermione is twisted this way and that as she clings to the branch.
the door opens and dorota stands there.
lovejoy passes the coat to the master-at-arms.
all carry baskets.
delmar stares horrified at the pile of clothes: a spot in the middle of the shirt is rising and falling, rising and falling.
close on: frodo and sam's feet dragging across the ash.
walt puts his beer down and looks back over at the girl sitting with the boys.
even then, he still keeps twitching, convinced another one is left behind.
but edward knocks anyway.
he returns the snapshot to chili.
hung with heraldic designs, tall spectator towers surround the oval arena of the quidditch pitch.
he is about to throw her the robe, when a thought strikes him.
david shakes his head again.
featuring walker and collins both touched, the overtly cynical american obviously even more than the likeable englishman.
tiny granules of high velocity sand fly into his pores and shatter into fragments, fusing with his own molecules, giving his internal structure a sand-like appearance.
looking up, arms out at his sides, waiting to receive the kicked ball.
mickey walks from the kitchen into the living room, holding a half-eaten chocolate cake on a serving plate.
he crosses and stands in front of her with all the irritation of a husband.
indy's group are relieved of their guns.
szalas pockets the watch, makes for the door, stops.
breaking from his hold, she dances an improvise solo, waving the fan in front of her chest, her waist, and even her bottom.
cole's tiny figure steps away.
he giggles uncomfortably.
rachel leads her mother away by the hand, both of them looking back at charlotte in disbelief as they go through the door, onto the porch.
the churning torrent opens into a lowland to become a newly created river, fast-moving but no longer violent.
butch cuts into cross traffic and is broad-sided by a gold camaro z-28, breaking all the windows in the honda and sending it up on the sidewalk.
a shining parabola cuts through the inky blackness.
captain smith looks down as he stirs a slice of lemon in his tea.
a cramped, low-ceilinged little room which nobody has tidied for ages.
mad-eye moody enters and closes the door behind him.
jackson sits back and reads the text.
he waves his revolver at men on the decks as they try to jump into the boat.
graham cycles up.
he warily locks eyes with her, then looks away.
attending a leather and bondage wedding, jane, sporting a spiked leather collar, tries to appear in party mood.
charlotte holds her iphone to her face using an app that animates her mouth to look like a talking monkey's.
the patient lies under a protective tent attended by a technician.
he fishes out one of yelburton's cards from his handkerchief pocket, hands it to the guard.
with camille unconscious in the bottom of the boat, he heads away from a quiet inlet with rolling tree covered highlands towards a landing stage near a development of populant white building.
a spinning wheel works rapidly.
peter lifts the huge silver trophy.
she places jack's hand on her breast.
he flips through it to find his article.
she folds her hands on the table and looks down at them.
now, he's galloping through the grounds on his white horse, dressed immaculately in bottle-green frock coat, cream breeches, riding boots, and a top hat.
we are craning down.
dillinger notices three national guardsmen strolling down the sidewalk.
purvis paces, then addresses his assembled task force.
graham and merrill are by the front door.
outside, the chicks pull him in.
the light in his head is glowing orange and tracks the agent's every move.
on stage, a woman in a headdress is lifted up by two men who exits stage right.
the tip of hermione's wand glows as harry steps gingerly onto the ice.
her hero strides away into darkness.
audrey and david are at the table, leaning towards each other, holding hands.
she tiptoes into the trailer, hand to her mouth.
he looks at gandhi with a mounting sense of annoyance.
he lowers her as he turns, affecting the motion of a helter -skelter.
sue, thao and the others go back to theirs.
elsie drops warily onto her buttocks.
reggie looks at sylvie, surprised.
godse turns back, wetting his lips nervously, then moves into the middle of a group going through the gate.
peter walks up to him.
they lie together.
harry's body goes rigid.
and keeps drinking.
when the men are gone and the door is closed, caroline picks up a bundle, smiles at it.
she triumphantly brings the fat flame up to her fat smoke, lighting it up, then loudly snaps the zippo closed.
ismay glances at a crowd of passengers on the lower side of the bridge, then turns back toward the collapsible.
mr. collins, all in black, prances over to the lady next to lizzie.
brian nods and swallows hard.
later on the cobble street below, javert, now in uniform, walks through a puddle of blood.
the others jog behind.
clouds fill the sky.
walter is still smug.
sandy watches the van speed off.
the drill sergeant moves down the line to the next man.
and squinting at hi.
the secretary raises a hand to her mouth, stifling her emotion.
he is seen through the glass doors, which still reflect the street and traffic outside.
through the magnificent stained glass windows of the great hall of hogwarts school, a glow of soft candlelight shines out into the night.
ron turns to hermione and harry.
curly nods, reassured.
she blows out the candle.
he tries the light.
indy and henry run down the mountainside.
parrish is shocked, stunned, terrified at the word, by what he has comprehended.
they drive on down the sunny freeway toward the city.
a gloved hand with clippers appears and snips the flower off.
she looks worried and scared.
she rolls up his sleeve and jabs the hypodermic into his arm.
harry takes the lead again, the bludger streaks past them both and weaves from side to side in front of them, smashing holes in the sides of the structure.
her shoulders sag as the man leaves, and she collects her belongings.
uncle vernon smirks with glee.
gatsby smiles and they stand.
he props himself up and grips his shoulder.
he walks out, still grinning.
norman is holding the door open, so arbogast walks in.
in another photo, they stand around a soccer ball with the kids in uniform.
they join another couples slow dancing in the sunshine to a record playing on a small portable turntable.
she kisses his hand, then releases him.
on her way out, hermione looks disapprovingly at ron.
mark opens the door.
thumper, lying on his bed, quietly watches evan with growing concern.
he crosses to the desk.
they are almost frozen like that for a moment.
zed reappears on the other side of the glass, coming through a door and into the shooting gallery.
ferris sits in the back next to hani and marwan shuts the door.
he switches off the light and goes out.
behind him we see patel regaling a small group with some story of court or society.
henryk is deep in thought and szpilman is fiddling with his father's violin.
the serpent appears behind him all those blocking the tunnel tract.
mike stares at abby on tv for a second, then grabs his keys.
he has thin gray hair combed to one side.
mickey raises the barrel of a rifle to his forehead.
he goes through them.
butch does a slow turn toward vincent.
watched by jacob, she walks off following klaatu.
the children turn white.
the record in place, lee turns and leans back against the stereo unit.
he puts it in his pocket.
he walks up to the car.
theoden astride snowmane, as he, eomer, aragorn & merry and legolas & gimli ride out amid a great column of rohirrim, thundering towards dunharrow in the mountains.
a cigarette in one hand, he jogs down the grey-painted wooden stairs on the side of the building then trudges across the lawn towards the farmhouse.
back in her own suite, andy has changed into a slim-fitting low cut black suit.
he looks up and runs his hand along the ledge above.
as the fellowship's boats drift past, galadriel stands alone, watching from the banks of the river.
she grins happily to herself.
reaching into his coat pocket, he brings out the green scarf.
a soft light spills out of the marquis.
she shrugs slightly.
then turns her head away.
we zoom toward jane as she walks up the driveway.
next to him idly stands bud, a veteran of the shop, with a grimy face and a pair of goggles pushed up on his forehead.
salim's eyes are still wide open.
ben stands inside door.
he looks at gilbert.
frodo is darting down the steep hillside as heave feet thunder down behind him.
they all cackle.
winstead's shots clobber the trunk shielding dillinger, who calmly reloads.
he switches on the cricket game.
they appear very subdued.
miss bingley walks over to darcy, who's engrossed in a book.
it becomes an intricate paper bird and flutters its wings.
the perp flies past him, having leapt from twenty feet down to the top of the guggenheim.
she grabs her keys and her bag and scurries out again.
ruby, nearest us, keeps looking back over her shoulder.
he moves nimbly then twirls with his leg out.
they remain silently on their feet.
the innocent victim, zombie cary, pops up and attacks charles.
harry steers his broom.
ben's right hand is on it as he drives.
exiting the er, david walks down a corridor, his pained eyes staring straight ahead.
his lips are moving.
the messerschmidt falls from the skies and explodes in an off camera sound effect.
lydia looks around distractedly.
he proffers her the book and she stares at it numbly.
harry and dumbledore stand on top of it.
he walks down the steps, his shadow cast against the wall.
showing the enormous length of time which transpires until finally a seriously clean melvin emerges from the bathroom through a cloud of steam.
melvin looks up -- wary -- his brain sends a disturbing message.
he scowls at his phone, then answers it.
indy sees a low-flying messerschmidt coming up behind him in the side mirror.
joe hesitates, then slaps her hard.
harry nods, puts out his hand, and takes hold of the broomstick.
she watches whip try to stand, and then, fall.
he grabs a few and shoves them in his pocket.
klaatu watches them intently.
sandy puts down a file and follows cornish's assistant.
the inane, fixed smile fades.
she disappears down the lower corridor, as thorwald searches his fire escape.
valjean cuts the ropes binding his wrists.
his back is still to us.
howard moves forward as the mayor walks to the lectern.
we go under and sink to the bottom of the pool.
louise passes him and, as she does, he honks.
mickey, rubbing his hands on his knees, leans back against the wall.
inside is a shadowy storeroom full of high, wooden shelves.
as she hits a sustained high note the orchestral accompaniment in the middle of martern aller arten from il seraglio comes in underneath and the music changes from exercises to the exceedingly florid aria.
he looks thoughtfully at jacob.
the gang spill out into the street to find themselves confronted by javert now with his men.
doris winks at one of the young med students as the resident then turns to her, karen, chili.
he leaps up, disheveled and rumpled and runs out of the room.
it motors on towards the horizon.
kay pulls his neuralyzer from his pocket and looks down at it.
peter takes a cookie.
the water hits the ark from a high end.
the shape of a skull appears in the dark clouds.
peter sits on a stoop opposite the theater.
greene walks upstairs.
she looks at the offscreen elliot.
he, in turn, hands the money to the sweet boy, who hands over one caramel and goes on his way.
she stares at the card.
pissed, don price throws his crappy lima bean plants in the trash.
he looks back, but dorota is lost to sight and the procession continues on its way.
naturally, he makes it, winning the game.
the salesman puts the second wig on his head.
yaxley loses his grip.
the man, his father, thomas, gets into the back of a car.
then he drops down into the seething water and re-emerges with the great mast in his hands, held over his head.
david looks away again, and nods.
jeep looks down and away from bob.
she nods at the phone.
bert, in uniform, moving cautiously with fixed bayonet.
the three brothers unlock the door and creep stealthily into the house.
the orc front ranks are in disarray.
we pan off the television to the bed, where abby now watches, appalled.
jordan turns back to nick.
javier eases a door open on level seven.
natalie looks down thoughtfully.
at the wheel of a parked car, madala looks to purvis, seated shotgun.
with his colleague's gun, throws the other down, calmly shoots him and empties the gun and tosses it aside.
harry gazes deeply into his eyes.
lizzie is now walking with mr. collins.
but the words are strange and unfamiliar.
half of a man's body is now seen in the living room.
mrs. bennet is lying back on a chaise lounge in her room, fanning herself and ordering the servants about.
with a haughty expression, she marches over to take a seat.
there are tears in baby harry's eyes.
she comes in, hands something to miranda and goes.
he taps one of the folders irritably with his hand.
joe looks out of a window.
jenny's sitting blankly, petting marley, who's resting his chin on her knee.
the bridesmaids wear tiny pink strapless mini-dresses.
he is aimed at by green's man just as the compound's main fuel cells erupt, engulfing the meeting area in flames and flying glass.
bill's expression hardens.
diana punches him in the throat and he falls limply against the steering wheel.
the sound comes from the triangular of a cabinet covered with the heavy cloth.
behind him, dillinger drinks from a flask as red administers an injection into his shoulder wound.
frodo fumbles in his jacket, fear growing in him he pulls out the glass phial -- his gift from galadriel -- he holds it aloft.
she pays.
zus sets a bomb under the truck.
hermione comes up the stairs.
as the ship starts listing, the table is torn and personnel sliding down the slope.
beyond them can be seen the waters of florin channel.
daisy stares at gatsby, tears brimming in her eyes.
karami, dressed in dark trousers and a pale cream shirt, waistcoat and skullcap emerges from a doorway.
denethor kisses faramir's sweating, fevered brow.
graham glances up in relieved surprise.
elliot turns and walks back down the center aisle to a row of books he'd already passed.
he glances across at zus, who is skulking by a tree.
he feeds a small creature.
bellatrix faces dumbledore.
holly mouths a thank you, glancing around.
regaining his composure slightly, tim reaches for the phone on his bedside cabinet and makes a call.
kyo turns after staring at gittes for a moment then goes back upstairs.
the papers are all blank.
he looks across the bay, to the buchanan mansion.
griphook presses bogrod's hand into the locking mechanism.
we see the photograph with the soldier's smiling face.
she rises from the swing.
quietly she moves the tray, gets out of bed, and goes to the bedroom door to listen.
she's wearing a pair of earmuffs.
nick comes out and does up his dressing gown.
she tries the door.
the battle continues -- a fierce exchange of gunshots, grenades and machine gun fire with losses on both sides.
he's collapsed.
joe hands the tire iron to charles -- he tries -- nothing.
puzzled, harry inspects the animal more closely.
she runs into the parlor and puts a sketch on an easel.
draco stares glumly ahead while slytherins celebrate around him.
andy's in the second row for another show and leans forward in her seat, as the models parade up and down in flamboyant evening gowns.
jeep spots charlie.
peter leaps in the air over the convertible, completes a backwards somersault and lands, poised.
people clap.
we see findley, studying his program and holding a drink in his hand.
he grabs petrol cans and rope and makes his way through the pirate corpses.
his breath puffing visibly in the night air, he steps away.
he holds the hat by the crown, and puts it on indy's head, a show of respect and admiration for the boy.
they regard each other for a moment, then hug.
jeep hasn't fired.
he fires into the water and pulls out a large fish, which has been skewered by his arrow.
she places her hand on his arm flirtatiously, looks up at him and smiles, fully expecting to intimidate him by doing so.
following the crows as they race deeper and deeper, passing a vista of industry, hundreds of orcs and writhing birthsacks.flying past saruman, who stands upon a wooden gantry.
the battered car starts itself.
with a glum expression, she gazes out into the gray daylight, pulls her coat collar around her neck, and heads away down the street.
the crowd roars with excitement as a football is kicked off.
they walk through the deserted, snowy streets.
a little boy is pulling a goat by a tether.
to his dismay, it suddenly bursts into flames.
salieri enters the salon.
holding the dirty dishes in his hand, mickey's father looks at his son.
in the cluttered room, he pulls the heavy cloth from the cabinet.
mae mobley is sitting on aibileen's knee with a picture book.
asael takes a glug of the confiscated vodka, and goes to meet her.
the dog yawns and shakes its head.
tony casts his eyes skyward.
on a worktop lies a sharp knife along with a skinned onion, some potato peel on top of tomato.
now, dillinger faces the bars in the back of his cell.
the crate explodes, causing the entire ship to blow, sending an enormous orange fireball into the sky.
as he sits down, he recognizes her.
a muzzle flash illuminates the window, and the president reels back before falling.
the snake is reduced to ashes.
she takes the registration book, picks up the pen, is suddenly struck with the realization that she'd better use an alias.
the scientists follow wearing hazmat protective suits.
he is wiping sweat from his face.
she stares, grief-stricken, at the devastation.
diana holds the phone to her ear.
merry and pippin are distraught.
like most witty men, he loves wit in others.
gabriel hurtles out of the front window and tumbles out on the road.
he looks back at the picture of the car, obviously, taken at night.
he steps to the front of the van, his headlights still on.
pull into the motel parking lot.
small children are hauled up into trucks.
neville stands on a covered wooden bridge, looking out across the landscape.
his eyes search her face.
peter cannot take his eyes off her.
westley is cleaning the lightning sand from her face.
the christmas tree is fully decorated with presents stacked around.
camera pulls back, and we hear the sound of the wedding march.
gittes walks over to her and again flashes a warm, sympathetic smile.
she throws another stone as nagini descends.
doyle is wiping his coat lapels with a handkerchief.
they walk to the back of the car.
he is drawing the ring out of his pocket, with trembling hands.his face fevered and sweating as if in the grip of some terrible internal struggle.
they leave the fridge.
szpilman, now wearing bogucki's suit and clean-shaven, watches the clothes burn while he spoons hot soup into his mouth.
her three brothers look rather put out.
they get up and start into kitchen.
he walks very slowly and deliberately, drawn towards a clothed table.
a smile flickers across her face and she allows herself to be hugged.
in the bar, jacob is flirting with a blonde 20-something woman.
brett is regressing on the spot.
bouncers approach.
a group of death eaters steps forward, led by pius thicknesse.
now, under a dim table lamp, a hand turns on a boxy radio.
the aria continues as david hands a smiling holly a glass.
it is flat and dull, like someone reading a speech to themselves, and those in the crowd who had hesitated before wandering off shrug and continue on their way.
a british major comes down the steps quickly.
he places it in her hand, gives her a lingering look, then walks away.
through it we can see the biker sitting on the ground, legs stretched out in front of him, back resting against his parked motorcycle, arms folded across his chest.
laszlo switches on the light as they enter.
hermione casts a spell knocking fenrir greyback through a window.
the car flies past their heads.
graham watches the soft reflection in .
to one of his boys: symche - the boy opens the door to admit a short, neat man, majorek.
beyond the windscreen oncoming traffic whips past in a blur.
as the verse ends we cut to: they look towards our children; john pays them no attention.
tim covers his face with his hand and nods as he weeps.
the woman clutches her stomach, drops slowly to her knees and collapses on the street in an awkward kneeling position, and that's how she remains.
it takes flight.
she glares at sandy and leaves.
chili continues up the stairs to where bo catlett stands beside the table.
carl turns, reacting to the sound.
ron holds out his hand, palm upwards.
they hit for town in the gathering twilight.
keyl looks over at charlie, defeated.
corpses litter the remains of the village.
the first guard again blows his whistle.
will can't take any more.
ben drives his saloon.
juno turns to leave, then shoots one furious look back at mark.
he drains his wine.
harry grabs the diary and opens it.
in slow motion, the stampede gets closer.
the submersibles rise, leaving the wreck and darkness.
ronnie sits down in the chair and hooks one leg over the arm, swings it up and down, his motor running on some chemical.
he's a casually dressed, portly guy with thick, black hair.
elijah watches through the window as joseph takes david's hand as they cross the street.
in dark polo shirt and light trousers, he enters the building, and makes his way through the drab-tiled lobby, strung with washing lines.
the baby bird opens its beak.
they knock their drinks back, and willie puffs on his cigarette.
by a railway line in daylight, gramov places a playing card on top of a detonator and slides it under the rail.
with amycus carrow and his sister, alecto, on either side of him, snape slowly turns to face the gathering.
she arrives at bleeker's house and props her bike against the front wall.
don turns, at the bend of the corridor stands bim, with a tumbler of medicine in his hand.
they look out the window to see oliver picking up glasses and putting them in a bin.
she rips a visitors' card from his hand.
cosette comes into marius's arms, tears in her eyes.
asael watches chaya from a distance.
he gives merrill a pamphlet.
david extracts his phone.
edward toasts the happy couple.
tom restrains wilson.
the jewish workers, with their bundles of potatoes and bread, march back towards the ghetto gates escorted by the two polish policemen.
she goes in to him, and finds him smoking and drinking.
pouting, she lifts her chin and leans back against the headrest.
only a small boy's elbow and part of his arm show, the rest hidden by all the legs.
she looks around with a frown and makes her way through to the kitchen.
the bottles sparkle.
mickey continues to kiss holly.
one of the choppers lands.
he watches as mary removes her bra.
swallowing her tears, andy takes the call.
maman draws closer to him.
he tears open the package, shakes the powder out of one of the capsules, cautiously tastes it, then abruptly throws the whole mess to the table and turns to look at george again.
the family goat gets in the back seat with the three kids.
they sit in the grass, a sentimental picture.
michaels picks up the phone on the control desk.
we see him as schikaneder sees him: wild-eyed, extremely pale and strange.
lily stretches out her hand.
gimli has managed to corner gandalf.
finally indy pours the water over the wound and everyone watches in astonishment as the wound and the blood stain disappear before their eyes.
several figures approach draco.
he has caught the flagpole.
the figure with the bag over its head wheezes and whacks the hood of the police car with a stick.
debbie averts her face.
ferris keeps shooting.
fletcher nods slowly, watching him go.
drover, magarri and ivan stand staring on the beach.
he puts it on the table.
frank immediately grabs melvin by his shirt and jerks him forward.
he nods again, and peter reflects.
as the tank operator fires again, zus clambers up onto the tank and draws his pistol.
she moves through the crowd and is concerned to see klaatu sitting on a bench, his head slumped forward.
she touches his arm and it hangs limply.
tears roll down jenny's cheeks.
inside the criminals run out, leaving their hostages behind.
emily's running to meet her.
writing appears on the parchment.
she takes a flying leap onto the deck, just managing to stay upright.
by the time he reaches it the low-angle cropping shows us only his feet and calves.
harry boldly meets her gaze then blinks.
a bent figure sits alone on a bench, in the sun.
in bovine ignorance of the conventions of high-speed police pursuit, some of the cows have wandered up onto the road.
he checks his watch.
on screen, they emerge from the cloud of dust.
just as he is slipping out, comes.
harry's deep gash is revealed.
it's caught by pippin who smiles in embarrassment.
then, using all his weight, he slams the door open as far as it will go, making sure to hold it that way as he steps in.
a woman is pushed away.
the hobbits break cover.
the queen looks to her right, then, back at the stag.
young forrest is still standing in the aisle on the bus.
the befuddled mechanic shakes his head.
evan blows andrea a kiss goodbye and runs into the school.
walt is at the barber's.
the store is in darkness, only the glow from the back room spilling in.
the room is spotless.
he turns the credit card sized envelope in his hands.
yellow taxicabs pass her on the street as she walks past shop windows, one displaying a fashionable red coat.
pappy o'daniel sits smoking a cigar, nursing a glass of whiskey, and soliciting the counsel of his overweight retinue.
alyssa's hitching up the road.
holly chuckles as david, listening to april, impressed, walks over to her.
she slips away quickly around a dark corner.
young girls file out.
skeeter pulls up outside a columned portico two-story house.
michael keeps his aim.
he peeks out the door and steps out.
she gets up to her knees and begins to pull herself up to her feet.
she touches him.
gabriel raises the mighty mace above his head.
karen looks at martin, shakes her head.
alyssa wraps it back up and smiles, standing.
he gets out of the pickup truck.
alyssa makes big-time eye contact with somebody out there.
hani gives ferris photographs of al-masri and sadiki with young women in a club.
a couple of civil servants move about to raise the window shades while lord irwin stares at the blank screen set up in his office.
he makes his way down the hill, towards the large lake fronting pemberley, its classic lines reflected in the still waters.
harry rubs his chin self-consciously.
beside it is a large mock-up of the comic book cover which features two stoner super-heroes who bear a striking resemblance to a pair of very familiar friendly neighborhood drug dealers, holden hands the book back to the fan.
climbing green hills -- a totally different terrain -- and again we intercut, this time the train climbing: a boy and buffalo running a huge, crude grinding wheel, train climbing; farmers in terraced fields, train climbing faster and faster.
she stands and watches him.
he quickly conceals it from sue and hurries away upstairs.
they run out into the street.
forrest slides back and forth as he attempts to steer the boat.
he reads over her shoulder.
merry stares unseeing at pippin.
behind him, a bunker explodes, throwing bodies in all directions in a cascade of debris.
a short time later she comes out of her apartment block in her waitress uniform and hails a cab.
multack walks in and unlocks allison's handcuffs.
he stops in the middle of his sentence, as another car is approaching, fast, its engine whining as it barrels down the road toward them.
brad stops laughing.
the alien watches him.
he gets up, puts his arm around her shoulder, and walks away with her.
andrea leads evan into dr. redfield's office.
but she winces.
kate looks the young goth up and down.
marcus arrives outside a doorway and looks in to see willie manning a large water drill and putting it to work on the store's vault.
then drops the kindling to the ground.
harry follows his gaze and sees four people carrying down a stretcher covered with a sheet.
don takes the package and walks past the newcomer towards the door, hiding it from him gracefully, like a football in a sneak play.
ruth scans the passengers on the lifeboat.
gears start to turn.
she tries to fight them off but they haul her to her feet.
she angrily breaks away from him and walks out into the rain.
rachel firmly takes ruby's arm and drags her off in our direction.
gandhi sits cross-legged, watching solemnly as shukla reaches with his fingers into a bowl to eat.
gandhi sits by the window that is grilled rather than barred.
the agents glance at each other without giving any kind of sign.
peretz meets his gaze and slowly shakes his head.
on one of the shelves high above his head, he catches sight of a patched and shabby pointed hat.
they are surrounded by bare trees adorned with fairy lights.
laurie walks over with the phone and looks.
in an instant michael's broken the cop's arm, spinning him helplessly around, turning him into a human shield.
two women stand by the partially set dining room table, chatting and arranging some plates, as elliot strolls into view, sipping a drink.
two stewards unlock the gate.
she moves across the room with the ice bucket and sets it on the bedside table.
jeff lowers his camera lens and edges his chair forward in an effort to hear what thorwald is saying.
reggie slips back into her robe and goes to the connecting door.
and now that we see the his face clearly, we notice his striking resemblance to michael.
luisa nods perfunctorily and exits.
banky stares a little harder.
vincent's eyes narrow, ready to do this.
she walks off.
she neatly arranges her sales materials on a desk, then strips down to her undergarments.
they are in the living room of hi and ed's trailer, which is suffused with a warm golden light.
from below, sarah and rambo watch their solid army boots go by.
dressed in pink, dolores umbridge stands beside pius thicknesse.
there is a knock at the door.
he tumbles to the floor, and his specs fall off.
he frowns thoughtfully.
a line travels at right angles across a map.
ben taps his own temple.
meaning he doesn't wear many clothes.
she sees evan's nose bleed and her eyes go wide.
looking thoughtful, he rests his chin upon her hair.
in a fine overcoat, he twiddles a wrapped cough drop in his fingers.
the camera pans her over to a third lamp which she turns on.
now 20, making a model airplane.
one guard faces the stocky inmate.
soldiers throw themselves down as the nazgul zoom overhead, emitting their piercing shrieks!
hoover looks to his young associate.
harry relives his terror as a flash of green light engulfs cedric, who falls lifeless.
they enter an apartment.
she kisses ron.
withdraws its hand, raises its head and stands with its arms by its sides.
they follow him in.
the pup's sitting excitedly on the passenger seat.
he rises, leaving a lifeless barton.
move to find fantine lying alone on the mattress.
valjean looks up.
hermione turns.
he stops abruptly as two german officers walk by.
he is a gentle man in his forties, an idealist, stubborn only for other people's rights.
jones cocks an eyebrow and shoots them a look.
however, her expression is disturbed as she watches jeff.
sarah looks tearfully out towards daisy's blazing funeral pyre.
faramir suddenly stares at pippin.
he has thick, curly hair, wears black jeans and a black motorhead t-shirt.
the last of the funnels topples over as water rushes into the gap between the two sections, which are still joined at the bottom
he bites off the end of the cigar and puts the cigar into his mouth.
he stop her.
marius looks up.
hermione looks apprehensive.
on film -- then from outside: an air raid siren ramps, whining through the town.
explosive laughter as mozart and schikaneder enter the apartment, very pleased with themselves and accompanied by the three actresses.
a posse of police cars builds up behind a smashed vehicle.
annoyed, harry follows her gaze and blinks in disbelief.
felix puffs on his cigar as bond hangs up.
suddenly he stops.
indy, having gained the advantage, leans on top of the turkish agent.
the fellowship crossing a precarious bridge above deep mine workings.
his interjection prevents the kiss.
harry turns to ron and hermione.
in the smoking room, a steward lights cal's cigar.
bob simms, a good-looking 17-year-old, pops open a can of beer.
mr. darcy takes one and drinks from it.
she smiles as cormac is jerked sideways and the quaffle flies past him through the goal.
they're watched on either side of the street by poles.
they turn back to the road.
he takes a bunch of keys from a hook, and leaves the cottage, lighting his way, with a large torch.
a bright light shines out of the pages, dazzling harry.
holding the wound with his left hand.
she wipes away more snow, and finds a name engraved underneath.
he races around to the gas pump.
she reaches a dead end and panicking, runs back the way she came.
she stops as she is aware of a weird figure hovering over her.
she gives george a look, and goes on out into the kitchen.
the web holding the cab above mary jane starts to break as spider-man is pummeled by sandman's fist.
louise knows what she is talking about.
the thief sees his chance and snatches the ticket back off the prone man.
then, he marches off through an archway, where he catches up with lizzie.
she allows herself to be led out.
the baby is wearing an eagles uniform.
she is jolted by the insensitivity of his interruption, but he doesn't notice, turning, almost chatty.
inside, it's packed with soldiers and some civilians.
its surface is crystalline, with shadows and lights swirling inside.
she stares at gittes for a long moment.
ferris shoots him and runs out.
jenny picks up a towel, then walks back toward forrest.
a hand enters to take a package of panty hose from the standing rack.
peter thinks for a moment then loops from his wrist to the crane.
george sees the struggling figure of violet bick, arrayed as a tart, being dragged into the patrol wagon.
he looks at her seriously.
gandalf arrives in his cart.
gatsby carries on up the grand staircase.
peter screws up his face.
a policeman looks around as he sneaks over to the audio circuit board.
he binds a stump where his shin should be.
bilbo offers sting to frodo.
by now half the boat has been chopped up into matchwood and the blades are getting closer.
mulvihill moves toward gittes, shaking with fury.
as helen stares out of the chopper window as the object sinks towards the ground.
a child's bedroom turned upside down.
he steps over.
she raises her head.
he knocks back his drink.
he slowly backs away.
the station's fluorescents flicker on.
tom sits at a table.
here he stands, looking down at the dark water of the night river.
fade up into an elegant, empty georgian room, covered in clouds of dust.
we can see a woman lying on the far bed.
in a field office, purvis faces his agents.
they pass the gray-haired pregnant woman.
she looks disturbed.
watching him rose, pulls off her shoes, tosses them to a nearby woman, then holds up the hem of her dress
they zoom backwards and forwards, flinging exam papers and whiz bangs into the air.
he gives another one a kick, shoots him, and lays into a couple more by the van.
snape turns on his heel and follows him.
as grandma nods off in front of the tv, willie is outside entertaining the barmaid in the hot tub.
hi looks over at ed, glum but trying to be kind.
to his embarrassment, it starts to scream at him.
eddie glances at sarah who stares mutely at bert.
emily slowly submerges herself so that her ears are beneath the water.
whip averts his gaze from the screen and notices a man in the room.
luna skips away along the corridor.
harry nods and, as he does, black's eyes shift.
ben pushes through a lot of students to keep up with elaine.
she smiles her most winning smile at him.
the group are still treading water.
a yellow taxi arrives at the grogans' home.
the gang leader glances around the sidewalk with a frown, then faces the doorman.
it contains a photo of an attractive couple with ambiguous mona lisa smiles.
from the darkening clouds, arriving snaking ribbon of black smoke emerges.
harry looks around nervously as they run towards a huge stone.
professor slughorn leads the applause for harry.
he stops, almost collapses, but manages to keep hold of himself.
ferris yells to skip.
sarah, with tears of joy in her eyes, throws her arms around drover.
smoke rises from it.
ugarte stops as rick comes up to him.
the radio fires up.
lizzie is sharing her carriage with maria and sir william lucas.
he stands up and walks away.
instantly, fred slaps a worn roll of parchment into his hand.
he speaks as he removes lid from coffee container.
michael steps up to him.
the maid opens the door abruptly, stares in some surprise at gittes.
out of their grasps, one man grabs onto rose and shoves her underwater as he tries to climb on top of her.
brian dashes down corridors to smoking cleaners.
the engine rumbles.
rachel, gun at ready, looks into the darkness.
umbridge ticks a box and leaves the classroom.
kay and zed both look up at once, scowling.
he places a ring in the hole and closes the book in a drawer.
mr. braddock has moved over by one of the windows of the house, the window into the kitchen.
marcus regards him with thinly-veiled contempt.
the sky is starlit and music from the bowl comes over the scene from below (cesar franck d minor symphony).
he heads toward a back exit.
sydney stares solemnly at his father, then reluctantly cracks a smile.
as the camera pulls back from mickey, his taped head under the scan, two technicians can be seen through the window separating the scanner from the control room.
narcissa releases her grip, and flexes her wrist.
at home, thurmond carefully lays the table for dinner and selects a bottle of wine.
on the ground beside him lies the mask of the green goblin.
after a moment, she enters, leaving the door open behind her.
ryan slides his swipe card through the slot on the self- service check-in machine, then collects his boarding pass.
ferris turns away.
a plane targets the hut.
she looks down and takes ron's hand.
a large room, lit by a single bare bulb, under the stage.
renault sits down.
hermione finds them.
he is clearly terrified.
glen bursts out laughing; hi walks on in silence.
sparks fly from a piece of scorched parchment.
as harry compares his shard with the missing section of the broken mirror, a bearded man comes in.
gatsby smiles, gets up and opens the french windows.
he points to a door at the other end of the room.
watson watches the exchange.
sam watches a sleeping gollum suspiciously as he desperately tries to stay awake.
with kate and noah still hugging, jackson glances across to nina and tenzen
he leans out the window and wraps his bullwhip around some wires that protrude from the castle wall above the next window.
he takes his hat off.
furniture, torn mattresses and pillows lie scattered.
kate walks over and moves it aside, along with a wicker laundry basket.
but the next platform is platform 10.
a game has just ended as sarah quietly descends the stairs.
a gypsy does so.
he sees the golden egg sitting alone, he makes a run for it but the dragon appears.
hanging on the pipes they look into the darkness.
emily looks tearful and puts her lips to his shoulder.
a hand comes into the shot.
kate and gordon shield their eyes.
he rests his head on his hand and looks up at her.
george, in the uniform of an air raid warden, is patrolling his beat.
past odo proudfoot who shakes his head at the strangeness of their appearance.
she walks towards him and stands close.
she looks at fergus directly, sits down next to him.
they stand near the gate to the farm, locked in an embrace.
he disappears from sight, lost in a mountain of gold and silver treasure.
capsules spilling on floor at their feet.
jimmy tosses a ball at brian, who keeps it up with his feet and head then turns for goal.
a sheepish-looking sidney sits opposite an indignant clayton.
they stare at him as the court usher escorts him out.
watson quickly finds a hyperemic dart lodged in rene's leg.
the boy looks at kyle.
holmes climbs under the stage and cuts a hole in a sheet of canvas.
fighters streak overhead as the sphere is engulfed in a great fire ball.
alex, in her 30s, with a curvaceous figure, walks across the room, naked apart from a tie around her waist.
he breaks away.
shooting over jeff's shoulder we see beyond him the divan- bed upon which lisa is stretched out.
in his room, harry sits at a table with the book open in front of him.
a fuzzy picture appears on a screen.
helen, who is getting into her coat, can't catch it.
fire quickly spreads up denethor's oil-soaked back as he hauls pippin off faramir!
she looks behind her.
dawn glows orange, casting two people and a tree in silhouette.
he stops in the hall and smooths back his hair.
she hesitates.
he lets them in.
the two men trade punches as the boat spins helplessly in the churning water.
two men scuttle across in front of him.
she is carrying dobby's body, wrapped in a white cloth.
he gets in and takes off.
his face is lined, and he is obviously not in perfect health.
a much smaller pincer opens.
the streets of new york are crowded with people.
arbogast turns, gazes seriously at him.
the three of them stare at the tv, like strangers in an airport.
he takes a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and shakes one out, lights it.
moriarty raises his arms victoriously.
and turns back to face his assailant.
and looks him to his face.
thao and walt get out of his pickup truck.
nick squeezes her hand.
his father is a heavy- looking, self-approving man, obviously indifferent to the music.
willie stares, mesmerized by her backside, and begins fondling it.
a limb pokes through the wall.
hermione holds up the hourglass.
thelma leans back just watching louise.
sitting on his porch, he looks over at the road,
she leaves.
his reflection stares back at harry, then puts its hand in its pocket and takes out a red stone.
lenny nervously follows behind.
she giggles as the boyfriend jumps into the room.
daisy closes her eyes despairingly.
lightoller glances at murdoch and rushes to pasengers
he sits alone on the sofa in his smart apartment.
graham stares in wonder as he, merrill, morgan and bo come to the perimeter of a vast circular expanse of flattened maize.
she pats the childs tommy.
mrs. figg watches from her window opposite.
very slowly, he is picking his way upwards, sometimes a foot at a time, sometimes an inch.
don has risen from the couch and has picked up the glass of whiskey.
a curve in the road gives purvis an angled shot.
he springs up and fumbles with his jeans.
will brakes hard, sliding with both feet.
bo goes to sit on merrill's lap, tears welling in her eyes.
suddenly she slaps herself, hard.
the players ascend a ladder adjacent to the door, one by one.
the father looks down in a daze.
tentatively, he raises his hand and touches her cheek with his fingers, gently pulling at her bottom lip with his thumb.
quickly the door is opened and the pov moves inside.
he grins boyishly, in part to comfort, in part unable to contain his amusement at gandhi and his evident confusion.
the commander beats them with a stick.
a disheveled old man lights the gas and puts on a kettle.
randal leans back in his chair, staring up at the tv.
heading back to her house,
elizabeth kisses him twice as they leave the room.
nick shows zoe how to make a pizza base.
the burning building collapses, as they ride to find sarah.
he is an intelligent, dapper man of forty, wearing a military uniform.
he pulls her onto the dance floor, puts one arm around her waist, and clasps her right hand in his left hand.
but then, with a little shake of the head, she walks on.
anna stands frozen as the ambulance crashes and careens towards her on its side.
the light is coming from a burning car, upside down behind him.
they look stunned.
firm, mature, determined.
he plays another phrase.
hilly blocks her.
a powerful silver mist flows from harry's wand, shielding him from the terrifying power of the threatening dementor.
later they arrive at danny's place.
aragorn, theoden, eomer, merry, legolas and gimli gallop into a vast camp beneath the cover of trees.
he trots to the mobile stairway leading to the passenger walkway and slips on the first step.
an antique engagement ring sits on a velvet stand.
she turns away from the sink with the filled pitcher.
donnie takes a sharp right onto a rough track through the trees.
as they're walking away from the lake harry's friends are cheering him.
in miami, florida, home to sun-kissed beaches and a marina full of private boats, luke and rebecca are at a magazine conference.
hand-in-hand, carl and allison wander beneath the domed archway that covers the stage.
don looks.
he opens the window to alice.
brian and sons get out.
sarah reaches drover and nullah.
(now beautiful and natural looking).
a slytherin chaser, tosses the quaffle into the air and fixed it through the goal with his broomstick.
he makes a guttural sound deep in his throat as the shape's hand closes tightly around his windpipe.
val drops the shaft.
suddenly he hops out of bed and creeps towards the sleeping form of gandalf.
one of the men turns and sees gittes.
outside a small robotic vehicle attached to a tether engages from the sub.
sallah draws his horse next to the treads.
on the pirate boat, one of the pirate corpses has turned a mottled purple.
magarri eyeballs him and glances at drover.
jenny looks wistful.
vincent dries his hands on a towel while he continues his dialogue with the mirror.
signs and figures are carved above its wide arch.
he almost falls down the shaft.
a british captain stands before a full platoon of indian troops.
her smile quickly fades as she realizes the crowd is not for her.
dil watches her go.
entering, he finds a young brunette stylist sweeping the floor.
later, purvis sits in a car outside the apartment.
hagrid shields his eyes as he looks up into the empty sky.
after a careful wait, he crosses to the stairs, starts up, slowly, guardedly, placing a foot squarely on each step to test it for squeaks or groans before placing his full weight on it.
nick looks miffed.
john looks back at his hands.
standing with fay at epcot center.
he tries in vain to cut into the limb that's pinning him to the wall.
tapping to some unheard rhythm and what looks like a bulge near the ankle.
he takes the top off a tea pot, and picks up a tea bag.
in the rear view, he sees an empty road.
ben follows her, moving out of the way of the other students.
she places her slim hand on his beefy forearm.
draco sees the entrance door to the room of requirement.
mrs. walters lays out some cards.
one man turns to watch them run past.
sitting in abby's living room, mike reaches down the side of the chair and picks up some knitting.
he's stopped the prisoner he was watching so closely.
eponine comes in from outside.
professor mcgonagall returns and gives malfoy a sharp, warning look.
the family are gathered for the reading of the will.
nat pours a jiggerful.
whip stops the car.
he starts drawing something.
she takes in the lovers.
she gazes earnestly at diana.
others crowd around him.
fergus is about to talk when she pipes up.
he's holding the missing bird.
hogwarts school sits beside a river running down to the sea.
he hangs on precariously above the train.
polly emerges.
the two men look at each other.
as spider-man launches himself through the air, a pincer on one of the limbs becomes a pointed spear.
on a cot in the corner is the man with the sensitive face and the addiction to beetles.
miss dewitte, who, from the looks of things, always has been and always will be, miss dewitte, takes ben's hand.
the wailing siren is becoming painfully loud.
thomas is asleep in bed.
four inches of plexiglas separate the two and they talk on monitored phones.
will pours him a glass of water, helping him hold it to his parched lips.
as bits of sandman crumble away in the gunfire, he sweeps down at the cops bursts in a bucket of sand blocking cars over as if they were toys.
as he coolly levels his police special and takes aim at hi.
szpilman clatters down the stairs, reaches the ground-floor landing.
neff's hand places a small card against the bell clapper in each of these.
there are ten pool tables with crowds all around.
karen sits up in bed.
harry catches up with hermione.
we pan rachel and children past this street and they hurry towards ruby, who stands alone in background, facing the jail.
billie gazes dreamily at him.
punnoose's face is now badly scarred.
leaving, she carelessly slides the door shut.
there is a suggestion of tired wakefulness, of self- sufficiency, about her.
flint runs on and suddenly falls into a huge pit.
in a flurry of snow, ryan picks up a hertz rental car.
she finds nothing.
henry looks up from his diary.
eponine slowly walks through the darkness, soaked to the skin.
he replenishes the nib with ink.
and the punishment is terrible, and for a moment it seems as if he is going to let go of fezzik's windpipe and crumble, but he doesn't, he holds on.
his expression softens.
he looks up, then joins gideon.
she takes off her top.
a sunny day in his office, jameson addresses bulky robbie.
peter's attention is firmly on the note.
luisa has set a plate in front of joe, and parrish's, which was taken to the kitchen to be warmed, has been returned.
he switches off the machine, picks up a large notebook and pen, sits in a chair.
drying out and becoming human, flint stares at his hands, dangling from his fingers as the locket and chain with penny's photograph.
we are booming down to reveal a minister in the foreground.
in her room, charlotte plays her keyboard.
ferris sits alone at a cafe by a lake.
mulwray stands and stares at the water, apparently fascinated.
szpilman goes to him.
the truck continues to chase him as the boys pound on the roof.
follow ben as he gets up and moves to the windows of what is now his bedroom in the braddock house.
she shuts the door and locks it, then takes the glock 19 out of her purse.
trey hurries off and walt puts his gun away.
walt shoves past the fresh-faced priest, father janovich.
distressed, hermione and ron stand a little way behind harry.
is looking down the road, way off in the distance.
he watches as an explosion throws a chunk of the carriage high into the air.
he points his finger like a gun.
debbie's shirt is unbuttoned and she is topless.
from her vantage point with school boy, sarah does the same.
graham takes a deep breath.
he drops the window and the glass shatters.
michael runs over to where the boy was.
hermione and ron follow him with yaxley close on their heels.
he walks past men and women in suits, and nods curtly as he passes the receptionist desk.
then his eye travels briefly back to the kitchen; then return to the living room.
rambo turns away and spits into the river before staring ahead again.
as indy asks the question, he turns to a painting on the wall: a depiction of christ on the cross, his blood being captured in a golden chalice.
a plane takes off from orlando international airport amid heavy clouds.
he browses a menu at a table for two.
veronica watches the crowd disperse, disgusted.
he laughs and coughs, starts looking through papers.
mj is lying on the floor with him standing above her.
he holds out red's share.
then suddenly he freezes, hands outstretched, motionless, and falls into a heap on the floor.
returning to the mail, he finds a hand-addressed envelope.
the bartender refills the glasses as soon as they are emptied.
one sub rises over the tapered bow and railing.
gandhi, in prison clothes, is led along a small corridor to a room.
her expression is suddenly forlorn.
kazim pulls back his shirt to reveal a birthmark.
he runs to her room.
the light comes on; she takes off her raincoat.
the wheelman stares at him.
as he gets closer he sees mr. orange is out.
in perfect alignment with everything we see below.
a dark figure stands beside the marble slab covering the grave.
returning from his thoughts, he looks at daisy who smiles fondly.
he carries bo back to the farmhouse as merrill emerges, carrying a bowl and a bag of feed.
gittes slowly rises to one elbow.
he strides away.
the woman, wearing striped prison clothes, escapes through a gaping hole.
lizzie watches it go.
joseph turns to the thermometer boy.
he hands them to josephine.
myrtle spots the three of them coming in.
he stares at her through his round spectacles.
the room is dark.
cary's done laying out the charges -- he pulls out his lighter -- ffft!
they leap a fence then race through a gate onto the street.
they start upstairs to rick's office, passing casselle who is still haranguing tonelli.
the room has suddenly become ominously quiet, the only sound being george's labored breathing.
she takes the package back from him.
he waltzes off.
strong ash- laden winds are buffeting him as he slowly climbs mount doom.
she arrives at a tall building housing elias-clark publications and gazes up at its impressive facade.
birdie rears on one elbow and looks up at him.
they approach thao and his sister sue sitting on the porch.
on the ship, a giant fuel drum rolls wildly, falling directly onto a crate of tnt.
pete is nowhere to be found.
thenardier takes marius' gold signet ring and puts it on.
mark and vanessa loring have an impressive, though generic mcmansion.
he is flung onto the rocks below.
skeeter gawks nervously as minnie heaves her full round hips onto the table and folds her arms.
grimly, lord chelmsford looks out across the palace's ordered lawns and gardens.
harry has managed to grab the door handle.
he winks tipsily at william who shakes his head despairingly.
blinks to clear his eyes and realizes the train is hurdling through the city towards the end of the line.
mary pulls her handbag up from the floor, where she'd placed it when she stretched out for sleep.
jack takes two cigarettes, placing one in his mouth and the other behind his left ear.
in her berth, rose sits at a vanity table and holds her silver hand mirror.
he looks at audrey.
sue finds walt on his back porch, as thao washes the gran torino on the drive.
reveal thelma, standing in front of a closet, trying to decide what else to bring, as if she's forgotten something.
his men go through the dead soldiers' pockets.
they exit the overpass through a construction gate and down a staircase.
the hotel room's filled with the young, affluent and beautiful.
the camera pulls back from the dome, revealing the rooftops, the trees and then suddenly, center of frame, the face of general dyer -- blunt, cold, isolated in a cocoon of vengeful military righteousness.
harry slowly opens them, and stares ahead.
in the diner, gabriel stands facing michael, who shakes his head slightly.
joe opens a drawer, grabs a paintbrush -- he touches the cube -- the thing shudders on its own.
then she leaves the apartment, with a show of determination.
dil walks closer, holding the gun and pointing it at jude.
he glances at the elevator operator.
in the tent, harry, his head resting on a table, wakes up.
bob drops his gun and feels his bloody chest.
it falls into an abyss and explodes
he somersaults off it down to a lower level, and heads off holmes and sim.
mozart, still rather drunk, sticks his head into the room, anxious not to make a noise.
she stops in front of one of the paintings.
beneath a helmet and mail hood is eowyn, disguised as a man!
mike looks up.
aragorn looks towards the far shore; frodo and sam's small boat can be seen lying on the distant riverbank as frodo and sam make off into the forest beyond.
lavender watches him go.
inside the gloomy public house, a man sits reading a book while a spoon stirs itself around a cup.
she laughs and leans toward him and kisses him in a classically old-fashioned way.
death eaters swoop down, aiming blasts of green light at the stone warriors.
as the train speeds though the countryside, the two brothers doze on the roof, gripping each other's hands.
michael drops the gas pump.
they're watching a group of well-heeled women and their children shopping en masse.
ben turns.
neff going up.
he turns back so his father can face the crowd.
holds it up.
evelyn is trembling.
charlie, the attendant has washed neff's car and is now polishing the glass and metal work.
the german infantry are coming at them.
ilsa puts her head on rick's shoulder.
we see five or six women in saris standing together.
graham watches his brother, then, ponders and turns back to morgan.
hovering dementors, with trailing, tattered black robes, encircle hogwarts.
at the health clinic, aisha takes ferris's blood pressure.
melvin breaks two eggs over a large pile of prime chopped meat, sticks raw pieces of bacon into it and exits the room.
pete and debbie are in bed.
eponine comes to a stop, looking wistfully after marius.
hoover motions for purvis to take his place at the mic.
the convoy comes to a halt.
alex reads natalie's name badge.
he sends a burst into the ceiling, and heads for the door as customers murmur.
don is almost at the door.
as she walks down a set of steps leading to the pavement, a smile spreads across her face.
barnes puts his hand to his grimacing face.
just how big is this guy.
at the bottom of the stairs is a man's body.
he climbs a dark stairway and reaches a landing.
severus snape strides between the rows and stands at the front.
maman and his henchmen look at jamal astounded.
nick looks over at gatsby and gestures towards the mansion.
something catches sam's eye.
the whomping willow twists its trunk and shakes the snow from its branches.
we see four flying horses flying through the air pulling a carriage coming in to land at hogwarts.
she tentatively opens the toilet cubicle door.
he seems to be going straight to the ringing telephone, only he isn't.
here the windows have blinds.
kate goes indoors.
white cuffed hands straightens a glass photo frame.
michael turns to his party.
elsa looks saddened.
blowing sandra's body back through the doorway.
to his left, beyond a set of stairs, two looming shapes appear and become recognizable as the ends of two train carriages, slightly bent and twisted.
carrying the brown paper bag, she steps off the sidewalk between parked cars and looks around in the middle of the street.
he looks back at her kindly and watches them go.
as she skims a newspaper and turns up the radio, another elevated train passes in the windows.
he frantically gropes for the balustrade as he goes backwards down the stairs.
her attacker vanishes.
he lifts his phone.
in the crow's nest, fleet turns to lee.
guardrails lie on both sides of the road trapping sandy with the oncoming traffic.
now, sandy talks on his cell as he and diana walk along a deserted road.
she steps out of the green dress.
snow falls from the enchanted ceiling.
hi and ed back away from the crib.
jerry stares down at his laptop.
jeff is sitting on the wheelchair near the bar, a drink in his hand.
another relative, wearing a civil war uniform and bearing a striking resemblance to lt. dan, falls down dead.
wind blows the leaves as he approaches.
cal glances from jack to rose.
valjean crouches by a blazing fire.
sarah closes her bright blue eyes, and very tenderly they kiss.
melvin opens the door -- looks at the scarred simon in a wheelchair and shudders.
the man in the orange uniform leans over a trashcan next to him and removes the full trash bag within it.
it is doing a land-office business, checking dripping umbrellas and apparel.
everybody, that is, except mr.
elliot stops walking to browse through some books.
he hands lee the book.
this lands for joe -- for all of them -- as we cut to.
he carries the slim box to the counter and carefully opens it.
suddenly, there are noises from the street.
he whizzes past the giant beast on threads, with sandman swatting at him as if he was a fly.
her breath steaming out in clouds, rose swims to the frozen crewman and pulls the whistle from his lips.
he rushes to the phone.
vincent prepares to leave.
vincent is bent over mia, talking softly to her, when lance reenters the room.
he swigs from the bottle and goes inside.
so does bert.
hannah reaches for the cake as carol and norman exchange glances, reacting.
merry is sitting up, wiping sleep from his eyes.
javert is quietly coldly furious.
gandalf has to stoop to avoid hitting his head on the low ceiling.
pete and debbie are sitting across from vice principal laviani.
the gang leader sips his drink and stands, keeping his eyes locked on the exotic woman.
he moves to the secret knot, hesitates, then moves past it.
forrest crawls over a berm as bullets fly overhead and explode all around him.
he can't shake it off.
holmes removes his blanket and looks at the chessboard.
she drags him away from the stove.
finally, we settle on the small make-up mirror where we see a reflection of jane, back at her computer.
their attention is caught by a boy who has a box of sweets on a string round his neck.
will is so startled that he drops the pole, which disappears into the murky water.
a man stands by a fire on which a pile of cds and cassettes is burning.
as he pours the water into a glass, renault sees the vichy label and quickly drops the bottle into a trash basket which he then kicks over.
at the top of the stairs, jordan leans sharply to nick.
kate moves around to the side of zoe's bed and catches sight of the cuddly toys on her pillow.
later he fiddles with the handle of the un-flushing toilet.
drover stands at the stern of the boat.
harry picks it up.
they climb up onto the bridge and look out towards the opera house.
he raises his staff and raps on the front door.a voice calls out.
on the concourse, the president hangs his head.
frodo draws the sword.and stares at its glowing blade.
the balding man meets his gaze.
gordon eyes the controls nervously.
jeep is upside down in his seat with his head pressed against the roof.
lizzie immediately turns to her sister.
he holds a long, thin cigarette; he wears a gold rolex watch.
they go into a smaller office.
clayton eats edamame beans and sushi at the desk in his office.
don deposits a nickel and dials the number of the hotel manhattan, which is above the mouthpiece of the phone.
on a table in front of the coffin is a photograph of an attractive middle-aged woman.
dante rings her up.
she sits down as he tucks in.
see scabbers streaking away.
with a sigh, minnie sits down on the chair celia has set out for her.
hearing alison cross the office, he darts for a fire exit, setting off the alarm.
he skulks off.
he stands, silhouetted against a completely white background.
harry scoops desperately but the shell wouldn't fill.
peter hands harry an old basketball.
a photograph of charles lampert lies face up in the drawer.
unable to go further, the boy stopped a little away from it.
now, in a courthouse, a deputy shoves his way through a crowd of journalists, toward a counter.
she looks extraordinarily beautiful.
looking up, she sees not a shadow but edward himself standing before her.
but he just turns away.
they are tussling in the darkness of the park.
a tatty gray owl flies down into the room.
joe turns to the towels, but one hand is occupied with the spoonful of peanut butter, he shifts it to the other hand, can't manage the huge turkish towel one-handed, now implants the spoon in his mouth, lifts the towel with both hands and presents it to susan.
he gives his coffee a thoughtful swish and murmurs.
as rene is dragged away, moran surreptitiously shoots him with a hyperemic cartridge fired from a gun hidden in his cane.
he works from the cherry picker on the back of his truck.
hi is looking at another child who is just finishing off the t in fart in crayon on the wall.
ben drives his car sedately along the wide and winding coast road, which is bathed in sunshine.
a hooded figure is crouching over a large white animal lying on the ground.
lila stops at the house and looks up.
he is drawn and pale.
a flap of skin, now getting gray and crusty with age, hangs off edgar's neck as he sits in the front of his orkin van.
evelyn starts out the door and gittes starts after her.
ginny, hermione, ron, harry, and the twins let go, and land heavily.
he sees the lights change and a bus passes in front.
her face is solemn.
outside the window, the rain lashes down.
she suddenly pulls away.
looking agitated, mary jane strides up alongside a newsstand.
she puts the camera on a shelf in her room.
touched, daisy runs her fingers over them.
ultimately, there's no way he can say no.
mozart slides along the bench, raises his hands and preludes over the keys.
nick looks out of the window.
a scad of children, ranging in age from two to seven, are crawling over hi's car.
as his wife and daughters look on, pete sways awkwardly, letting his head rock side to side.
valjean goes back to join the others.
madame thenardier pretends to accidentally drop a comb from her hair and the customer helpfully picks it up, allowing madame thenardier to pick his wallet from a back pocket as he stands up.
emily looks gratefully at andy, who smiles.
he tries to reconnect.
the two children sit down in the grass with the dog.
the sky is filled with ominous gray clouds.
hoffman sits staring at a surveillance screen.
in the garden, rain bounces off the abandoned dinner table where droplets plop into half-empty glasses of white wine.
he opens the door of the house, enters.
the table is loaded with good food.
gramov retrieve his playing card and follows him
in grimmauld place they watch.
outside fbi gunfire sprays a balcony.
while the above thoughts are passing through george's head, his attention is caught by a picture on the wall near the dresser.
jodi narrows her eyes.
as we approach the arizona house we can see that a ladder is propped up to a second-story window.
jack shakes his head as he examines the faceted blue diamond.
she moves over to the passenger seat.
the leader gives a nod and homer leaves.
salim also in uniform, dozes on a kitchen work top.
the board meeting has broken up, clusters of members have lingered, exchanging post-mortems.
the door opens and mrs. robinson enters.
outside, charles stands with steven.
strolls through time square in a tee-shirt, saw garish billboards compete with towering glass walled office blocks.
police cars speed down a street at night.
jack and rose stop kissing as the ship trembles.
graham gets out, followed by the rest of the family.
a ghostly figure seems to emerge from the gloom.
lenny hits the ground hard as his bike spins out from under him.
he jumps from a window onto the roof of a bus.
the track weaves off him and onto hi, who is bending down to pull a couple of beers from the refrigerator.
he wraps the scarf around her neck.
he kisses her and she allows him to pull her into an embrace.
fantine is held down as a tooth extractor is pushed into her mouth.
abby watches him go with an anxious, thoughtful expression.
graham pulls morgan closer to his body and talks into the child's ear.
she wears a pair of sunglasses from which a price tag dangles, and a long ermine stole.
he takes the prisoner's stand.
the reporter from the new york times, whom we first saw as a younger man in south africa.
slowly loomis starts walking down the street toward the station wagon.
the sight of mary and the children suffering is too much for george.
but it's stuck.
uncle ben squeezes flint's shoulder.
he lifts her chin and then kisses her softly on the cheek.
ron and hermione join harry.
she snuggles down in the bed.
emily wipes away a tear.
his drovers abandon the cattle and ride off with him.
he looks up at gandhi almost sheepishly.
he takes off his spider-man mask and examines his wrist.
he restores his hand in silver.
under a full moon, edward walks up to the battered camper, and is about to knock when he notices it's rocking.
they pass mulwray and a slender blonde girl in a summer print dress, drifting in their rowboat, mulwray fondly doting on the girl.
graham remembers his conversation with merrill.
one of the alien's eyes, on a tall stalk, whips around too.
through the windows, he sees that much of the furniture has been removed.
he turns quickly.
they tear up books.
evan, tired and depressed, sits on the lawn nearby, fingering the new burn scar on his belly.
ben remains standing in exactly the same position.
pete makes a left at an empty intersection.
they exchange a worried look, and jane walks slowly towards george's office.
a plate of vegetables and a fish with a gaping mouth is slid in front of zoe.
she sits on the stage facing them.
louise is studying thelma closely as thelma squirms in her seat, barely able to contain herself.
he smiles at his joke.
forrest stops and takes one last look.
later at whip's family farm, nicole sees the lights on in the hangar.
he propels his wheelchair to the forte-piano, and plays an unrecognizable melody.
strider sheaths his sword, a slight smile playing on his lips.
the thief lunges with a knife.
as he descends the stairs, he touches the scar on his forehead and he sees a figure wearing a turban looking into the mirror of erised, professor quirrell.
as confused as harry, he runs along the narrow paths between the neatly clipped hedges.
he points it at the tow truck driver.
he moves to it.
harry sees something else.
norm's leaning against the bar, looking morose.
jenny sits by the vase of flowers and look out the window.
the antonov taxis into the position as the ash cloud billows across the airport.
a smile crosses dillinger's lips as he passes through a brilliant shaft of sunlight.
pumpkin's expression goes to amazement.
he bows to them and leaves the room.
aunt may notices blood seeping through peter's shirt.
being massaged by four leather-clad beauties.
by her position, lisa is seated on jeff's sound knee, her arms around his neck.
harry falls heavily, dropping his wand.
eddie appears in the doorway.
ron flicks his wand.
eddie removes his bags from the locker.
cole appears in the doorway.
sitting in her pink office, umbridge puts three spoonfuls of pale pink sugar into a china cup decorated with pink roses.
she scurries away.
later, lizzie enters a room and finds jane standing at the window, gazing out at the gardens.
holly looks hopefully at mickey.
now dressed, he marches to a door and removes a chain.
he pauses, then walks toward an ornate railing and columns beneath the dome skylight.
he looks at daisy, who's fighting back tears, then strokes caroline's hair.
elsewhere, molly helps jack into a black tuxedo jacket.
whip looks around the spacious room.
the film is rewound.
they gaze at their daughter who's wrapped in a blanket.
as the flashlight men approach, joe runs and gets in the front seat, the other boys in back -- alice slams the car into reverse, screech-backs up, narrowly avoids debris, then rides off -- the flashlight men arrive -- soldiers -- their adrenaline pumping.
a huge crowd is gathered around a platform -- torches sprinkled through it -- and their mood is confident, belligerent.
a young boy plays the violin.
hermione looks at them disapprovingly as they hurry into the room.
a blond man with a blue suit and matching cloak appears.
lydia is sitting, looking out of a lead-paned window, humming happily to herself.
the others sit around drinking whiskey.
harry collapses into blackness.
he roves around as he continues searching the vast space.
he consults the book.
the others agree with her.
he smiles with relief, as magarri beckons the boys forward.
then heads back along the corridor after the security guard.
lizzie turns to him.
the door is pushed open and halfbreed and rough rider hurry out of the car.
darcy hurries down some steps into the courtyard, quickly pulling on his coat.
benjamin takes the captain's blood-soaked hand in his.
alyssa shakes her head and relents, heading through the crowd.
the boys exchange puzzled looks in the car.
david hangs his head.
she leads chuck to the dance floor.
ken's yoke jerks away.
and he turns and sees the naked model.
mrs. figg waves.
sarah is engulfed in smoke, flame and flying glass.
we hit the pins and clatter into blackness.
then eddie looks away.
it leans in close and retracts some protective membranes from over its eyes and its expression softens.
they swim gracefully beneath a brilliant full moon.
she strides away with her canvas bag over her shoulder, leaving bleeker standing by his locker, watching her glumly.
he then rushes to the open window and climbs out.
they smile and chat.
she forces a cheery smile as he walks off.
bert gets up, takes out his gun and fires several shots after the fleeing figure.
arwen runs up the steps towards him.
mrs. robinson enters the room.
suddenly he uncoils and lunges at bert, grasping him by the throat and pushing him back.
he is spinning in a shaft of light -- and looking off -- as we hear a camera click and the rustle of movement.
flashback of irv looking at the list.
he puts them under the counter and pours a generous measure of vodka into a tumbler.
an elder in ceremonial dress prepares to slaughter a chicken.
george has begun to make an impression on them.
his bathing suit is on the window sill.
in a packed griffindor common room the painted characters in the pictures join in the applause.
zoe mouths an acknowledgment, then turns to pick up her red rucksack.
tim rocks back a forth.
he walks towards the dog in its pound, raises the dagger above his head and brings it down with great force.
rose glances at jack before leaving with cal.
a look of growing concern crosses darcy's face.
the bystander watches them go.
jacob raises his glass and drinks.
she squeezes down the hole and disappears.
alicia joins them.
evan pulls into a parking lot of a country diner.
he comes back to cosette.
the older man (rosenberg), is carrying a cat and an ornate rosewood jewelry box.
she steps into the hall and puts the key in a dish on a side board.
they run to a post box.
approaching the front door.
grasping the wooden banister, he starts to climb the un-carpeted stairs, his torch casting eerie shadows over the paneled walls.
sam's blade shatters.the witch king lashes out with his fist, sending sam flying.
he lowers the camera and looks at her intently.
her face is grimy, and she has a light cut across her forehead.
ursula takes the plates and the glasses with her as she leaves.
harry, as he sticks his head through the kitchen door.
angela, fully clothed, is once again surrounded by the other girls.
the light in its head slit comes on.
he spots andy and gives her a warm smile.
almost all the lights in the middle class homes he's passing are off at this late hour.
she slumps down onto a bench and calls up a dial list on her mobile, highlighting the name peter parker, then hesitates and scrolls up to harry osborne.
one of them calls to carl.
eddie selects a house cue, then rolls it over the table top to test the roll.
he snatches up the cross only to be knocked down to the deck by a giant wave.
he points, then gets out and faces the young g-man.
carolyn stares at him, on the verge of tears, then turns and walks out of the room before he can see her cry.
a jet flies above a blanket of fluffy, white clouds.
the troll is dragging a heavy club.
then she looks at the unforgiving faces of the daughters of america seated at her dining table.
the room grows quiet, all eyes turn toward renault.
at work, pete takes a call.
pete clears the breakfast dishes.
they glance curiously at the car then resume their conversation.
louise is startled and turns around quickly.
as his teammate swoop around the arena on their broomsticks, celebrating their success, harry holds the fluttering golden snitch, triumphing above his head and slowly turns, displaying his prize to his ecstatic supporters.
peter strolls towards his house, then turns back.
he is asleep.
the last man in line swings his pick and, as he grows smaller, looks up.
bo runs to the front bumper and climbs onto the hood.
more portraits object to the light.
sirius looks directly at harry.
sarah goes back to reading.
michael punches and kicks gabriel.
bim stands quietly watching him, a great big grin on his face.
he stares at the floor.
a hotel manager shows eddie into a dingy, barely furnished room.
fires are doused, tents pulled down, horses saddled.
george and clarence come into shot and up to the spot where george had left his car smashed against the tree.
forrest stands and looks as the group waits expectantly.
jews are shot to the ditch.
flitwick erects an invisible shield across the gates.
pippin clambers over a rocky ledge and ducks behind a stone wall panting heavily.
standing by the front door, he hugs her tight.
harry watches the bright light fade away, leaving only the faint image of a figure standing on the far shore.
jack gazes down as rose stands on her tiptoes and collapses into jack's arms.
with the crane down we momentarily lose him from view over the rise; then suddenly - roar - he tops the rise and, wheels spinning, is airborne.
as reggie leaves her room and goes to the elevator.
faranoush looks again.
they jump down from the bench, still singing.
shadowfax carried gandalf and pippin out of the gate and down the winding road towards the plains qf rohan.
the dark lord admires his restored human form, a smile on his thin lips.
rick pours the champagne.
jinnah turns away in anger.
in the background, a group of men and woman start to spill onto the platform.
they sit on a park bench scouring the paper.
harry picks up a quill and dips it into the inkwell.
ferris stands by the bed, staring at skip.
harry tenderly takes the elf's body from hermione.
ryan's cheeky smile quickly fades when he sees two young boys run up the stairs behind alex.
glancing around, she lowers the gushing shower head beneath the frothy surface.
frodo lets out a startled cry, pulls himself free and spins around to face his assailant.
the two eyeball each other before harry, tight-lipped, turns and walks away.
mj looks at him in wonder.
gandalf leads his horse.frodo and sam are carrying knapsacks.
the phone rings and he automatically answers it.
nullah's dog attacks a cop whose chasing him.
they look around at him, smiling.
a taxi stops.
screwing her face up in disgust, she drops it and the other two into the bin.
she leaves with her nose in the air.
the waitress pours the young woman's coffee.
drover and sarah run up the stairs to sarah's room with the balcony.
she is aware of him, and immediately retreats into the doorway.
he can't believe he's finally reached her.
snape deflects the spell.
she gets back into the swing of the choreography, the jewish indian party.
zoe walks slowly into her new bedroom.
hermione snatches off his glasses.
she gently covers zoe with the bedclothes, then notices as photo album, which had been hidden beneath them.
elijah just keeps staring.
westley lies in the center of the cage, chained and helpless.
his arms and hands bound in front of him.
in a getaway car, red checks the time on a pocket watch, then drives away.
we see harry flying towards us and the crowd erupts.
he strides slowly, his shoulders slouched, his hands in his pockets.
jane can't do tiny.
they rewind the camera in vision.
the fellowship are suddenly surrounded by armed elves.
they both stop, salute renault, and walk into the cafe.
still stoned in his car, donny slumbers on as the spaceship flies by, its lights reflected in his windshield.
sam attempts to fuss around frodo.
carefully, he sets the box down and lovingly places the cat on top of it while he locks all five locks on the door to his distinctive shop.
john stops and looks around the night time street.
george is mumbling.
she goes to sit in front of the mirror, gazing sadly at her reflection, then leans forward and blows out the candle.
she decides not to and closes the suitcase.
he rubs his nose.
cal opens the door.
ryan frowns as he listens.
dumbledore gives him a searching look.
he slides it shut.
she blinks and sighs heavily.
he points at javier's pocket, and javier takes out a cell phone.
beyond in the living room a young chinese man unzips his fly and walks over to a rug.
peter is disturbed and shifts his gaze under the sky.
one is bound by a rope.
candles flicker and glow from the mouths of grinning pumpkins, which float above the heads of the students.
he shines a troch on the hanging replica.
she turns back, and propping up his head, helps him to sip.
joe retrieves his locket from overmyer's body.
blocked by advancing creatures.
mrs. gump and forrest walk along the gump boarding house driveway.
a division of cavalry rides in front, behind a section of military drummers who drum a military tatoo.
white seagulls appear no larger than insects as they flutter past the titanic's massive crowd.
the cover is american.
fleur and her sister kiss ron goodbye.
in his excitement, he draws his sword.
the salesman has completed his cleaning of the case.
it deflects a blast onto the ceiling, bringing stone beams down onto the stair.
as the boys run pell-mell into the water, the japanese soldiers advance past the mission buildings.
a crumpled piece of paper.
veronica went.
kurt enters the bedroom where there's a large japanese style portrait of bobby brandishing nunchucks.
throwing out beams of light, it rises up through the clouds and away.
now, they hold hands as they walk away from the beach.
the lorry moves on.
he takes his kid's hands as a conveyor army comes arising in the top infornt of him.
gavroche jumps off as the carriage stops and joins the crowd.
merrill strikes the creature in its abdomen.
emily puts the phone down.
hermione smiles knowingly.
bartholomew pulls out a package and she takes one, looks at it and rips off the filter tip.
pull back from the closeup of ben to reveal a row of passengers staring straight ahead, their headsets on.
when harry rounds the corner, draco has disappeared.
behind the place is the silverstream trailer we saw jeep step out of earlier.
elaine jumps up, applauding a shot.
ernie switches on the spotlight on his cab, and turns the beam toward the old house.
he hands one glass to rose, then drinks from his own.
john arrives home alone.
he sits at the table by merrill.
he passes students.
agent barnes, his torso bare, turns from his window.
flames lick up the outside of the van as - chinka-chinka- chinka - bullet holes walk across the body.
then she helps him off with his pajama top.
she shakes her head ruefully.
some of the newspaper cameramen trot behind to get the picture of gandhi's arrest.
jenny walks away down the street.
like smiles awkwardly, vaguely claps his hands to accompany his unpredictable dancing partner.
hardly daring to look at his son as morgan lifts his head.
his sister sue is sitting on the front steps, reading.
on the screen, they kiss.
dobby's head lolls back, and his huge wide eyes glaze over.
the gryffindor captain, oliver wood, leads his team out for an early morning practice.
she goes to help him up.
she rushes over to aibileen.
later still, billie strolls in her slip to a window.
rifle bags filled, michael heads for the exit.
gabriel swoops down out of the light sky and lands just in front of jeep.
the policeman is running along the front aisle, keeping pace with hi running along the back aisle.
chili watches a woman on the sidewalk pause to tighten the scarf around her neck.
he passes a long line of labourers working.
paula leads the couple to their table.
the bottle next him is four-fifths empty.
and a lathi is brought smashing across the side of nehru's head.
lorl is sitting up on the box beside the driver.
we are back in mrs. boswell's first grade class.
it's raining hard and walt stands on his porch, watching
ron gives cedric an encouraging wave.
well, he'll never get credit for the brief but intense inner struggle -- the struggle not to scream -- not to cry -- to process the sudden and stunning hurt during his half turn away from her -- and then answer hoarsely.
now as david leaves the studio, the man in the ball cap opens the door for him.
they come to the open bedroom door and step into the darkened room, where morgan lies half off his bed in an uncomfortable looking heap.
preacher, well-fed and at leisure, dabs his mouth delicately with his napkin, folds it, puts it in a ring, and folds his hands.
holly puts the dishtowel down and absently straightens some things on the food-laden table.
sam drops the ring into frodo's palm.
the bird flies out of reach and soars around the classroom.
howard's blisters throb and pulsate.
he wraps his arms around her, and they share a lingering kiss.
getting no reaction, she crosses the street, and seats herself at an empty table in front of the cafe.
holmes, disguised as an old man, is sitting at a nearby table, listening.
her head inclined to one side, she looks into his face.
ba's anguished face is wet with tears.
he lets go.
a rifle-toting guard looks in.
mrs. weasley looks confused.
she walks to a chair, limping noticeably.
after a few moments, she turns to her left and sees a stag on the opposite side of the river.
mr. collins and charlotte hurry out to meet them as lizzie, maria, and sir william emerge from the cab.
the trophy is lying on the ground.
bella walks up to zus who is sitting on a log.
the guests, sipping their wine, quiet down as norma continues to speak.
he gets in the truck with sue in the passenger seat.
he pats jamal patronizingly on the back of his head.
he looks down through the hole in the floor to the cess pit beneath.
kate walks into the bathroom and enters her bedroom through an adjoining door.
the plane turns upright, and the still-unconscious cammie falls on some passengers.
he glances about furtively, then opens it and starts to read.
cal raises his brows.
lee, shocked, is gasping.
billie complies and looks around with a faint smile.
group members put up their hands.
then the two carriages lurch away, the crowd of well wishers waving them off.
benjamin watches caroline sleeping in her cot.
she strokes his cheek with her quill.
four at a time, the children crawl into small, wooden boats.
a group of them raise glasses.
the policeman pulls the patch cords out of the audio board.
dumping coat and bag.
seen through the glass doors, a doctor comes running down the ante-room, followed by another male nurse with a cart on which are hypodermic syringes, etc.
his look isn't a happy one.
tim hangs up.
don picks up the glass, is suddenly acutely aware of the people at the table, of nat's eyes.
it is as disordered as before, save that the table, previously littered with pages, is now completely bare.
fezzik, as he charges toward a huge rock that lines the path, and just as he reaches it he spins his giant body so that the entire weight of the charge is taken by the man in black.
coattails flying, hagrid, a huge giant, zooms down and screeches to a halt.
jamal shakes the dusty towel and takes it to the bathroom door.
it's getting dark as they arrive beside a lake.
next to it, we see a sloppy, handwritten message from juno.
graham steps out into the hallway.
he opens the door wide to admit schikaneder and the girls.
in the sewer, valjean is heaving the unconscious marius along.
he covers the mouthpiece.
ben jerks his car over to the right, swerves around the car ahead, jamming his horn down, and swerves back into the outside lane, giving the driver of the other car an angry look as he passes him.
it too gets put on the growing pile.
bond is behind the wheel of a car.
peter is up on the roof changing out of his everyday clothes.
she leans forward and kisses him tenderly on the lips.
debbie talks to jodi while they fold clothes and watch desi.
aragorn tosses in his sleep, disturbed by images and voices.
lester looks down at her, his grin fading.
inside the house, shutters are opened and smoke pours out of the chimney as the fires are lit.
camera precedes him as he walks toward the entrance doors.
jane does a high-stepping routine with a top hat and sashays in pink floral print.
bert's men start to move forward but he stops them with a gesture of his hand.
fred and george leave the room of requirement.
charles and joe prepare to board a bus.
she stands and folds her arms again.
boom up from behind the shattered pick-up as the kids approach from the wreckage.
she winks and leaves the room.
three crouching figures pick tomatoes beyond a low white fence; rachel's house in background.
it is a warm, beautiful day, and sarah has a basket with her.
michael rushes past jeep and bob and heads straight for charlie.
he ducks, it flies over his head and lands on the back of flash thompson who is with mj.
they turn into leafy, wooded central park and drive across the grass towards the sphere.
szpilman hesitates, takes the tin and then shuffles past the german captain towards the door.
she blinks thoughtfully and moments later is driving mac's blue previa out to glacial valley estate past its immaculate houses and lawns blanketed in snow.
rosenberg and the arquillian stare at each other for a long moment -- -- and then embrace each other.
jack, now with his tie removed and sleeves rolled up, dances with cora, a little girl with dark hair.
it replicates.
she raises an eyebrow.
barbara's eyes flutter and she turns to him slowly.
one of the men, murmuring his thanks, takes a last shrimp puff as holly passes.
the master bedroom door is open with a board leaning next to it.
he turns back toward his bungalow.
through the viewer we see the identical view out of the window.
donning the hat, jack wets his fingers and plasters down his hair.
frodo clinging onto the rock face with his one.
he shields his eyes from the bright torch beam.
the trees ahead are moving.
then veers onto the curb and crashes into a concrete ramp which smashes through the windscreen.
she grabs her bag and slides out of the booth.
they accelerate along parallel lines.
salim's car pulls up to a sprawling palatial house situated on the hillside surrounded by construction sites.
she obeys.
the car, with the headlights out, backs up, swings around and moves off along the dirt road the way it came.
marcus is in evening wear, jumping to try to pull a stole off a mannequin.
kyle raises his head, then turns to stare at percy beside him.
zoe's sitting on the steps.
jeff turns quickly over his shoulder to watch her.
while corina sings, sam gives a worried glance in ilsa's direction.
the water reaches their thighs.
as they plunge deep into the water, harry sees an image of voldemort.
tuvia' and pretz stop by and watch the truck slowing down.
laurie places the jack-o-lantern on the window sill.
outside, a guard punches in a code and a wired gate opens letting whip through.
he leans in a doorway.
jack and rose run through the dining room.
one by one the trees transform into tall white pillars.
indy approaches him and raises the visor and we see that the knight is a very ancient man.
he goes down, and finds a pair of scissors.
squatting in his cell, king george raises his head and looks up.
the van moves forward.
his shadow cast against a wall, harry continues along a dark corridor, the only light coming from tall window on his right
then, recalls something.
will lifts his father out of the chair.
benjamin enters ahead of daisy to find it deserted.
he pauses momentarily to tell the second policeman to take a statement from thorwald about the attempted burglary.
he sidles across it.
mary lets out a final scream, then faints into the arms of a couple of women at the bar.
she starts to make the drinks.
she is facing away from him but her eyes are open.
he writes below it as sam gamgee calls out from the door.
he sucks his drink through a straw.
he gets a chair, places it sideways in front of the window to make a step.
then we hear a car approaching, and the colonel glances over at: angela's bmw pulls into the driveway, stopping behind lester's firebird.
the policeman frantically searches the body, but only finds free french literature.
he sits up and quietly crawls towards sam's knapsack.
ferris takes the room key from the clerk.
the inner sanctum of the horizon savings and loan holds exactly one folding chair.
he is dozing.
hannah, choosing to ignore evan's remark, hands her mother a cup of coffee; she puts her mother's hands on the cup.
saruman stands over the palantir, his hands cupping the massive eye.
the image has vanished.
the wolf slams is closed.
dr. redfield and andrea exchange looks.
the back porch light comes on.
aragorn turns to theoden.
a man pulls off the door, unleashing a flood of muddy water.
thenardier is down in the sewer.
a ghostly figure appears out of the lavatory.
she sets down the mirror as cal opens the door.
at this moment we hear the sounds of a piano playing.
among them is 50-year-old woodward.
mrs. gump looks into a sitting room and informs the boarders about dinner.
he laughs.
uncle billy takes out his wallet and takes out all the cash he's got.
she settles down to study it as we.
cole and malcolm walk down an empty hall.
klaatu walks up to a snack machine.
jane stands at the sink, rinsing off her plate.
renault gets up and strolls away.
pregnant leah takes the bottle.
he smiles quizzically at her.
in the dark kitchen, he breaks some bread in half.
daisy looks round.
a group of students at another table look away quickly as he turns towards them.
she tries to tip his cup.
she rises to leave.
eddie holds up two fingers to the waitress, who departs.
the surface of the water starts to ripple.
jacob makes his way over to a table of young women and starts chatting to them.
he spreads it open, along the drainboard.
the newspaper reporter stares without making notes.
hitler breaks the spell by taking the grail diary from him, opens it to the first page and signs his autograph.
sidney stands at a red rope barrier.
their eyes hold a beat.
he picks himself up, rubs one knee and looks back along the line of the tracks and off to one side.
they drive along the top of a weir, across a wide river.
everyone runs towards harry.
a chauffeur wearing a tweed uniform and black leather gloves steps out of the driver's seat and opens the car's back door.
spinning around, diana bends over and big chuck twirls his cowboy hat behind her like riding a bronco.
natalie studies ryan.
legolas shoots an arrow into the creature's head, gaining a few vital seconds for aragorn and boromir as they race out of the water with frodo.
we see his hat blow off and sail over the cliff's edge.
allon is first in line.
he sits up as rose runs past.
the overseer places a check on the table.
harry looks thoughtful.
ben watches sympathetically, then gets up.
their pincers closed, the tips of the limbs look like serpents' heads.
he picks up and wads a sock.
the girl resumes her position in the portrait.
a man in a balaclava enters holding a pistol.
a guard yells down from the parapet above the huge.
then heads off.
he pushes it back, then hurls the goblin across the ruin.
he reaches over to the clock radio which is surrounded by last night's empties and fumbles for the off button, unable to find it he rips it out of its socket.
prince phillip leaves the room.
now, she sits in a dentist's chair.
throughout all this, she keeps repeating to herself.
he turns a corner.
the man with thinning hair and a black beard looks around.
the waitress leans over and slaps eddie on the shoulder.
the president recoils.
the friends run for it.
jenny looks around the sparsely furnished room with modern wooden furniture.
bremner salutes don in the stands, who smiles back and touches his nose smugly.
as she looks at him again, she smiles wistfully.
debbie turns the corner to find pete standing in front of the fridge, stress eating.
octavius has taken the tritium sphere, and leaves via the balcony.
he points to the empty glass for nat to fill it.
peter still trapped watches as venom puts his hands to his ears and seems to half-disintegrate.
indy is impressed with elsa's spirit, and cooperates agreeably -- holding her by the hands and lowering her into the hole.
wearing bermuda shorts and dark glasses, with earphone wires hanging on each side of his head.
three gravediggers, having just finished their work, emerge from the three graves.
he bows curtly and leaves.
laces are pulled tightly.
the marchers are men in loin- clothes and tunics; they brandish torn and ripped english cloth and shout in unison.
he raises an eyebrow.
mike pulls her close, and they continue to dance, smiling happily.
he stares statue-like at an abstract point in the room.
a soldier hurls a primed grenade at en-joo.
forrest steers his shrimping boat.
gower's face lights up when he sees george.
she helps him into the chair.
she floats even higher and hits the ceiling.
he holds out his note.
a beat then slowly he climbs to his feet, recovering from what seems to have been quite a fall.
the door buckles inward as the shape smashes against it.
as he crashes onto the platform, snape hauls him to his feet and pushes him back towards harry.
jeff looking through his camera.
the other holds a piece of cloth over holmes' mouth and nose.
the alien closes in on nelec apparently undeterred by the automatic fire.
she glances in his direction then looks away.
there is the sound of footsteps coming down the corridor to jeff's apartment.
they turn away -- melvin walks a few paces to the waitress station where two waitresses, lisa and carol, are talking.
elrond turns and walks away.
azad clears someone aside and ushers nehru and patel under the canopy awning.
a writing desk closes itself.
don goes with a nonchalant wave.
harry sits keeping watch, leaning back against the tree.
he stares at her, stunned.
indy pulls the trigger again -- his gun is empty!
as the partying shot he gives the shaterat a finger and then peddles off the street.
the glider is fitted with guns.
harry stumbles and falls around the arena.
allison goes, susan observes parrish fidgeting.
eddie's arrival is noted by big john and preacher, a gambler and an addict, who hang out at ames at all hours, waiting for action.
he circles a phrase.
they clamber back down to the floor.
it staggers and stretches spiky wings.
around the child's neck hangs the evenstar.
he tries to look under the door.
the car arrives: it's donny.
lester, in a t-shirt and gym shorts, lies on a new weight bench, doing bench presses with shiny new barbells.
suddenly a door next to her slowly opens.
president kennedy turns and smiles.
the occupant of the stopped carriage is monsieur gillenormand, marius' grandfather.
kate turns to leah, who looks back at her pleadingly.
helen looks up in alarm, then puts on her coat and grabs the sample of klaatu's fatty outer skin.
he dips his quill again and starts to write.
his eyes lose focus.
as peter walks out of the swing doors, so the tray is trapped on the swing shot.
the emcee comes on to usher him off the stage before he's finished.
his rent collector, reineman, is talking, pointing to maps spread out on the desk.
the blue-collar man exits.
he runs around to put the cello in the back seat.
parked in front is the brown cutlass ciera.
fantine becomes still, and her head lulls to one side.
tony picks up the phone on his desk.
peter sits deep in thought.
ginny returns, steps close to harry, and kisses him gently on the lips.
as we quickly tilt down to the guy's ankle, looks like a bulge there.
he strokes her hair.
nathan is getting worked up.
there's a long pause while he rolls over what mr. orange has said.
georgiana and wickham walk arm-in-arm by the sea.
edward curves around the tall bushes that hide the front door.
the light beams from a torch held aloft by a statuesque woman wearing grecian style robes.
he holds the door open for her.
a large moon rises over the mountains.
he spurs his horse on.
he is marooned on the tiny, flat peak, surrounded on all sides by a sheer 500 foot drop.
he pours it down the sink.
alice slips out of character.
dillinger gives gilbert a hard look.
holmes holds his hand out.
percy takes an envelope from the owl's beak.
weaver, the nurse, is rubbing oinment onto a man's frost-bitten toes.
having completed his job, he emerges from the kitchen carrying the newspaper- wrapped parcel.
his steps slow to a complete stop.
although edward has a small plate of food in front of him, he hasn't touched it.
dressed in over-sized armour.
he is crossing to lebowski.
she partners with a man who holds her waist in one hand.
glancing whirly ahead, he crouches.
the guy is carl.
willa is in outdoor clothes and is not dressed for work in the parlor.
the queen puts on her spectacles.
it too is closed.
the foreman throws fantine out onto the street.
gandhi grins, dismissing the formality.
malfoy throws his hat onto the table in disgust.
lights pulse inside the orb as he approaches.
whip smiles up at harling.
they laugh together and have a moment.
the shadow under the door remains still.
even now, this still brings pain.
a worried look on his face, he runs out of the room and hurries away down the circular staircase.
at the entrance the arrested suspects are led in by the police.
bond heading back to the taxi.
david looks across the busy gallery.
harry looks at the quill in disbelief.
the young man lights up another cigarette.
he should be here soon.
he is alone in the station store.
helen has hung up too.
george, horrified, leaps up and goes over to gower.
he hits redial.
he opens the first page.
the have climbed into a nearby tree, stare hungrily down.
the man briskly stands and runs off, pushing a guy over as he goes.
graham links his hands together.
lying on the lawn of the pictured house are three shadowy bodies, an adult and two children.
he goes over to the motel office.
howard uses his cell phone.
they wait.
it's a likeness of darcy, staring proudly out at them.
the makeup woman finishes applying powder to the queen's face.
he holds it stretched between two hands, brings the two sides together, then gives it an appraising pop.
pete stops his music.
emily clears the plates.
casey comes in.
he's working out how best to throw himself out.
andy smiles nervously, and heads back to her desk.
the brothers meet up again at the front of the house.
he drops the fang.
skip stands amidst the market.
jack watches the couple, then gazes up the staircase as cal and ruth descend toward him.
as he runs away from the call shoot, he kicks the torch which rolls around to pick out bo's legs, poking out from beneath her silky blue dress as she presses herself up against the wall.
he puts the check on the counter.
spider-man, without his mask, is clinging to a wall.
he shuts the shower off, reaches weakly for a towel, dabs his nose lightly with it.
lydia is dancing playfully.
the street is quiet, dark and windy.
bo points a finger at morgan.
a young woman is trapped inside the twisted wreckage, and got injured.
cal watches jacob leave with all the different women, including two at the same time.
octavius swings a mechanical arm at spider-man, knocking him against the wall.
the planes are flying away.
he slaps her bum.
a pair of iron gates opens in front of harry.
nehru and patel are approaching from the conference room, both of them looking worn and angry too.
he screams.
willie settles on the rear bench as marcus gets into the passenger seat next to his pillipina mail-order wife of several years, lois, who is dressed in expensively ugly clothes, and whose mouth is ever down-turned in pruney distaste.
outside, snow continues to fall.
natalie looks unsettled.
he is terribly excited and looks stronger than we've yet seen him.
at the farmhouse, in the closet under the stairs, merrill is still watching tv.
it's strong stuff, but sing song and sarah hold out their cups for more.
diagon alley is a narrow crooked lane hustling with witches and wizards in flowing cloaks and pointed hats.
a tower with glass walled office reaches high in the sky.
lila steps up to the desk, picks up the key, quickly, starts out.
nizar looks away.
dillinger picks up his pocket watch off the nightstand, opens it and admires a photo of billie on the inside of the cover.
he appears to know this woman.
a man has entered the bar, a round-faced, middle-aged man with pince-nez.
bob and jeep come over, shining a torch on the ground.
the vibration of the train begins to lull his eyes closed.
her face says.
david looks over to the bench and sees a screen showing a video of philadelphia stadium.
entering the packed house, the crime boss leaves anna at her seat, then proceeds down the aisle with polly.
a sinister black sailed ship glides into the docks.
standing at the edge of the lake, he points his wand, summoning all his strength.
fergus looks up at her building, but the lights are off in her flat.
the mustached stranger observes.
rambo completes his reload and fires into the remaining troops.
he looks back into the room, and beckons her to come out.
looking down the length of his own body.
she opens a drawer, rummaging around for something.
andy's taken aback.
bob flails around trying to pull the boy's small, but deadly strong arms away from his neck.
andy's mates giggle.
she's as gorgeous a woman as you'll ever see.
graham looks at merrill's corner of the darkness.
standing outside her front door hermione looks back for a moment.
he and enrique exchange looks as the latter strides up the pretty long haired woman, veronica.
he climbs down the few rungs of a short metal ladder and jumps off at the bottom.
soldiers run backwards over mud.
harry catches hedwig's cage, and ron peers anxiously at his pet rat.
westley is perhaps half a dozen years older than buttercup.
aunt petunia is watching television.
snape sniffs the flask.
a gaggle of schoolchildren run down the steps of zoe's school.
she writes the name marie samuels.
standing way above them on the quay side is a grave-looking man in a blue uniform, javert.
mike shoves a burnt marshmallow into his mouth.
he goes up the steps to the door, putting on his hat.
the alien holds its other hand out over morgan's face, tilting its hand up at the wrist joint.
stuart picks up, then blanches.
drover looks across at the carney herd being loaded.
edward climbs up onto the shore, completely drenched.
watson shoots through the hole created by the machine gun bullets.
the bullet spins slowly as it flies.
charlie slaps eddie's cheeks.
hermione, face turned away, trembles.
inigo, fezzik, and vizzini squinting back, trying desperately to see.
as veronica relaxes, javier raises it.
stemming the flow of blood from snape's neck, with one hand, harry holds the phial to snape's cheek.
she waves a white napkin.
she carries two tomatoes.
emily takes a big sigh.
outside, the agents take their positions.
aragorn and boromir slam and wedge the doors.
the plane comes perilously close to the drop.
it strides forward and looms over helen, who's still holding the wounded visitor.
they exchange words, and rose strides off.
the man sits up, gazes stupidly about.
a uniformed band plays at the packed nebraska cornhuskers memorial stadium.
he walks out onto the balcony and makes a phone call.
the defense secretary watches dispassionately, then turns away.
he takes his phone out and hands it to the guy.
she quickly takes a seat as the housekeeper shows their guests in.
the sergeant stomps up to the young priest.
renault sits back down in his chair.
his eyes glaze as the life drains from him.
goes to the large handbag on the table.
in the crowd, sam fiddles with his phone as he walks.
she walks on-and-offscreen as she talks and listens to her sister.
the director gives him a happy thumbs up.
peter strolls along a street, fastening his shirt collar over the black spider-man suit.
bert's own lighter is on the table, before him.
jack holds onto the panel as he floats in the water beside her.
harry looks up at him.
smoke rising from his gun.
five ringwraiths on foot, running up the steep slope unnaturally fast.
a tear rolls down sarah's cheek as she hears this.
late at night, harry is lying fast asleep when a strange noise wakes him.
dan edgily wipes his mouth, then his eyes.
indy has to shake his head at donovan's apparent lack of judgment.
rose walks to the wooden cabinet, swings the axe and strikes the cabinet door.
the wife is grudging beginning to eat the dinner.
she shows it to her father.
the old lady turns to the andersons.
the fires below roar in anger, red light blazes, and all the cavern is filled with a great glare and heat.
he raises his brow but looks down.
ron looks up as hermione comes to the door.
gandhi reaches out and touches his hand.
mary is now awake, and starts singing their theme song.
one of his sons, symche, is operating the mimeograph machine.
one lady takes ben's right hand, another lady his left, the third fingers the front of his jacket.
he gets couple of glasses from a counter, then saunters off with two women.
we are craning up over the biker's back to reveal what he is looking at: we are on a bluff overlooking the trailer park.
a man smokes a cigar.
four children emerge first from the cab.
lynn becomes upset.
he sits wearily on the edge of the pavement, hunching his shoulders against the cold and damp.
as they come clear they can see that a military train of an engine and two cars has been derailed ahead of them.
an indian reporter has cornered ba behind him.
the lieutenant looks at sadiki curiously.
sidney goes to wipe it off.
tom sees her.
as jackie looks at him then thumbs for a card.
in the darkness inside he sees the paint, brushes, roller and tray all set out.
vogel now punches indy in the back and grabs him around the neck.
it's full of gleaming sports cars.
he can't believe what he's hearing.
inside are reggie, sylvie and jean-louis.
he takes out his yellow passport and stares at it.
kurt shows up for work at pellit and sons.
he retreats back into her bedroom as she reaches up to turn off a record player sitting on a ledge above the bathtub.
flame is boiling in each exhaust pipe as the hog roars.
benjamin walks away hat in hand as the taxi drives off in the other direction.
the bus, of course, is completely filled with japanese tourists, and it seems like every single one of them has a video camera.
the two subs disappear as they sink into the dark ocean depths.
the president's hustled to safety.
harry lets his head drop against the tree trunk with a smile of satisfaction.
the ship's horn is heard again.
he noses open the plastic bin and tucks in and guzzles water from the toilet.
lupin watches him closely.
he looks her in the eye and walks off, leaving her uncomfortable and disappointed.
gandhi looks at khan incredulously.
as he steps down, rose stops the mustached colonel gracie.
amazed and disbelieving, edward walks down the center of the road, no cars coming from either direction.
he winces as he straightens up and unlocks the door.
his voice is quiet and cold.
the mercedes eventually pulls in, parking beside him.
the skiptracer walks around and sees diana sitting in the open passenger side.
walker stares at him, then at what gandhi seems to be looking at.
he nods to himself as diana sips her green beverage.
he flies up in a spiral of black smoke.
in the morgue, laurel is working at a desk when suddenly rosenberg's cat leaps up onto it from nowhere, the way cats do, landing right in the middle of the file she's studying.
he glances away and elise gently rests a hand on his jacket lapel.
ferris picks up his bag and his coffee and gets in the four- by-four.
her hand begins to slip from indy's grasp.
kate interviews a series of applicants.
inside the turret, a guard goes down.
the stocky escapee faces a guard.
the guy studies chili, thinks about whether or not to make a move, when harry steps in, reaches over the desk and picks up a script.
they stand and watch.
sallah and brody rush from the crumbling temple.
he turns from the lane to where the dude sits in the nook of molded plastic chairs.
then she takes a cigarette out of a pack, gets up, and goes into his room.
she stares back at him.
a red-haired woman leans over two young children lying a bed.
grandma chops the chicken's head off.
draco rests his chin on his hand, lost in thought.
the gathering overlooks the east river.
looking pleadingly at hi.
a customer passes and goes on out of scene.
dumbledore hands harry and hermione each a stick of chocolate, then starts to go.
she unclasps her left hand, revealing the heart of the ocean.
the third is in red.
a thinner crowd here, but going all along the path.
ron hangs a wet towel beside the stove.
she pulls off the main carriage way onto the soft shoulder, next to a sward of dull green grass dotted with patches of spring snow.
she looks at the floor.
he slams up against the grating.
orcs approach -- sam must make a decision.
he cautiously steps inside, shuts the door and takes a quick look around.
he lifts the latch and open the box.
harry looks around.
they salute each other, then turn and walk away.
evan nods reluctantly and peacefully drops to his knees.
attendants are trying to close down.
lila comes out of the mother's room, closes the door behind her, looks down the stairs, then starts across the hall to the room whose door is half-open.
as they leap out of the boats and clamber onto the wooded shore.
hi takes one step down holding out a calming hand.
her sister is waiting outside the art deco facade of a restaurant; she's looking in the opposite direction.
he steps over the low picket fence, goes to unlock his car, and takes out the gift.
he is a wiry old river character.
every eye in the room is focused on harry.
jeff lowers the camera.
inside number 4, harry picks up the post from the doormat.
beside the table, a man plays violin.
morgan follows his father's gaze and looks out of the doorway at the man.
slughorn lags a little way behind.
mr. blonde lights up a match.
frodo pulls sam off gollum.
the screen cuts to black and a title appears.
carol takes an old weekend case down from the top shelf of the closet.
for the first time in her life, she stops thinking and -- grabs mike and kisses the hell out of him.
he takes off.
he grabs the glass of water out of norton's hand and drains it in one big gulp.
he reaches out again and his hand becomes more human, with slim, mobile fingers.
bernadette reads a letter.
the prisoner heaves.
the cab pulls up.
the giant's weapon, strikes the bell.
glen is grinning and talking with his hands cupped in front of him, as when he told hi about the pollack who almost stepped in the pile of shit.
she pulls up a chair and seats herself at the card table.
whip shifts, his hands resting on the table.
he goes to the beast.
he knocks at the door -- there is no response.
neff still hangs back and keeps his head down, the way a man using crutches might naturally do.
nick, the bartender, is watching him solicitously.
they just sit there, smiling at each other, then.
that is the price i must pay to change the course of history.
the boat moves into a riverbank.
hi wears a sport coat over his hawaiian shirt.
he throws himself under the cart at this higher end, and braces himself to lift it from beneath.
the ground suddenly quivers, as a rolling, rumbling noise echoes down the valley.
frodo looks at page after page of beautiful handwriting, with intricate maps and drawings.
we pan in a big barn near the river, then a lighted house; willows along shore.
ben approaches the desk.
indy lifts his feet, lunging toward the periscope and pulling vogel with him.
the elderly rose turns from a monitor and addresses the crew of the salvage vessel.
szpilman is terrified, trying as surreptitiously as possible to cover his hidden package with his hands.
he glances up and screws up the letter.
tuvia rides up on a white horse.
he holds up a map.
there is an endless stream now, drifting through the foreground, the background, the campsite itself.
mr. diggory bursts through the spectators.
a beat, then she starts to take off her shirt.
hermione reads the paper.
parrish, poised in the doorway, looks around, nothing in sight.
the patrolman peers in, checks the car registration on the steering wheel, returns mary's wallet.
he clenches his fists and raises his hands above his head acknowledging the applause.
the spells collide.
he hits her full in the face.
one after another, everyone does the same.
ben checks a message on his blackberry.
harry pulls nigel away.
graham steps away as the truck moves forward and pulls down the driveway.
the movement is then accompanied by a sound.
the snake moves closer to the boy who backs away.
harry holds up the replica.
and accelerates towards the cargo exit.
the eiffel tower alive with sparkling lights.
a wrought-iron staircase curves down from the second floor.
david's eyes move to the seat in front of him.
later, a group of squad cars weave their way down a wide city street.
they drive through the country side in david's bristol.
outside, she walks onto a band stand.
angela drives, squinting through the windshield as the wipers move back and forth.
he raises it to his lips to find that it's already been drunk.
everett, just finishing his speech, flips forward in turn, smashes his chin onto the floor and is sucked out the open doorway, his clawing fingernails leaving parallel grooves on the boxcar floorboards.
as the ark approaches everest, the fume from the hydraulic chamber is cut.
the kid's grandfather bursting into the room.
we watch the footage and suddenly desi's boyfriend enters.
maman holds up his hand.
garland wrinkles his brow at ferris.
as the dawn breaks, the tug and the u-boat have sunk below the waves.
mr. orange looks up at him.
rick sits down with ilsa.
he sits by a pool chatting with thandie newton.
cussins leaves brian with his hands on his hips.
the explosion rips out the wall.
he shows her a picture of princess diana in the same spot.
the little honda races toward its destination as fast as is little engine will take it.
suddenly, laurie walks right into a man standing on the sidewalk in front of her.
helen slowly shakes her head.
he does and turns to willie.
the bus pulls up as mrs. gump prepares forrest for his first day of school.
she scratches his face.
indy gets to his feet.
george is seated in a chair before the desk, without a hat or coat, covered lightly with snow.
he looks at jenny, then at forrest jr.
they rush up the street.
she shakes her head as they stroll away from the farmhouse.
the two intruders run through a series of identical offices.
marking an opponent, harry swoops around the back of a tower.
all four put their hands in the air.
he stamps out the door.
she pretends to kiss him lightly, take his hat, and place the hat on a chair.
harry grips the phial.
the ragged old man suddenly lunges forward and tries to grab the can from the poor woman.
nathan jerks his hand away.
a second man follows with someone slung over his shoulder.
they swing around and stare petrified down the hallway and into the kitchen towards the backdoor.
lizzie sits down with the letter.
he acknowledges them amiably touching the brim of his hat.
he gazes through a windows at the rising water, then places on hand on the helm.
fergus, walking toward the hair salon, flowers in his hand.
they toast and down their shots.
a name comes out.
andy runs into work across the foyer in heels and a chic black coat, her dark hair scooped up in a bun.
joseph's playing with two toy figures, a caped superhero and a green reptilian villain.
reggie picks up a chicken leg and starts off.
seeing asael crawling towards him with layla hurt, he propels himself out from behind the tree and runs towards the enemy.
on the bridge, murdoch addresses moody.
he goes out, closing the door after him.
barnes sees it.
norman stops, turns, looks at him.
she sits in the lot, eating a breakfast sandwich.
the royal family continue to look at the flowers outside balmoral, and are watched by a large crowd of onlookers.
then he sits back down at the table letting out a big sigh.
as he is frog-marched towards another limo the dude holds his drink away from his chest and cups a hand underneath it.
pete has his naked legs hiked up over his head.
the swarthy man studies holmes' shabby disguise, then whistles.
all want to shake his hand.
the agent leads sam away.
cosette sees marius.
elaine comes out.
he holds the dagger to his chest and moves towards the unconscious spider-man, lying on his back on the couch.
he kicks the chair out from under the dude, and then starts kicking at him.
the papers drop into the once-empty rack with a resounding flop.
and that gives jeep the chance to swing around and fire.
salieri writes the key signature.
holmes opens his eyes and lives the action.
another car rear-ends them.
carl is humping the escort.
the dude walks away across the lot.
a large car is parked right in front of the building.
ron walks on his toes trying not to trade on them.
ben stands looking up at the door.
behind her the shape rises up into frame, quickly, silently.
madame pomfrey leaves.
he belts her finally, knocking her into a cheap chinese vase which shatters and she collapses on the sofa, sobbing.
he goes to the door leading to the hall and finds that locked as well.
the agent steps aside and holmes pulls away in a cloud of smoke.
fergus, returning from work, crosses the street, and enters through a white door.
and approaches the queen who sits on a sofa next to philip.
he smiles at jane.
kate walks into hers.
she smiles and descends the stairs toward him.
hi is getting out of bed.
they part, still holding hands and looking into each other's eyes.
walt moves towards kitchen cabinet.
there is light on the riverbank.
but more continues to pour from the tower.
the people in the bar cheer and kiss each other.
red unrolls a bandage and dresses dillinger's wound.
in the garage, hannah sits in the massage chair, wrapped in a sheet.
john drops his bag on a chair by the front door near to a baby grand piano.
fats is in the washroom, scrubbing his hands and nails.
an older man, al, gets up from his pew and walks past a coffin draped in a white sheet.
with a coy smirk, she steps out from behind the counter and slips into her coat.
push in on joe, unsettled -- as the train crosses them now -- joe looks back toward alice -- a blast of air, shockingly loud.
she turns to him and closes the door.
the party of mercenaries, bn the rebel and the boy tracker set off into the forest.
cousin eustace slams and locks the door, and scurries around the counter to join the others.
elaine turns around, looks at the stripper and turns back.
laszlo quietly observes.
outside homer shoots up the police car another police car arrives down the block.
forrest turns and walks out the room.
back home, jenny's dozing on the sofa when john walks in.
the three newcomers make their way down the platform, suitcases in hand.
the crowd-is gone.
he holds her hand as she walks along high wall.
he looks back at the cab in confusion, then signals the driver to follow and hurries on to match strides with gandhi's brisk pace.
the patrol car pulls up right behind them.
he rubs flint's head against the side of the passing train, grinding it away like cheese on a grater.
they are all dressed in european suits, ties and stiff collars.
bn leads them away.
and he desperately fights for control.
fergus, pulling at his bindings.
we see annie come out of the garage and walk to another two- story frame house: the wallaces'.
norma sips her coffee, softly sobbing.
one of the gangsters looks out of the window and spots walt.
its blue and red neon sign not yet switched on for business, offers nightly music, food, drink, and dancing.
he peers through the swirling mist and spots viktor.
the carriage has reached an arch into a courtyard where a crowd of a couple of hundred is gathered outside a house of sickness.
andy follows emily.
harry grabs his wand and sits up.
grandma remains on the porch and watches as the taxi drives away.
kate walks into the room, where young zoe is lying in bed, her eyes closed.
voldemort begins to fall forwards, as pieces of his skull break away.
joe wanders through the hanger looking for jack.
dil leans close to fergus.
martin opens it.
he heads the procession as it trudges towards the school
holding her hand over her mouth, she jumps with joy and gives sandy a hug.
seated on the other side of george is a burly individual, drinking a glass of beer.
she takes a box from the gift bag.
she puts it around harry's neck as well and spins its golden pendant.
catching it, harry wades through the growing mass of treasure.
they spot him, arms behind his back, strolling pensively into the shade of the trees.
jason and ronnie swim side-by-side.
sowing light in the darkness.
it is somewhat cramped, forcing them to stand close together.
he runs to the end of the alley just as a police car comes into sight.
one of them mimes shagging her.
she tears the check into tiny pieces and storms out of the house.
melvin still walking with his usual attention to where he steps.
rank upon rank of armour clad orcs, moving swiftly and silently, pass close to frodo and sam in an endless stream of ragged columns.
hannah, still laughing, playfully pushes the accusing finger away.
michael leaps to the ground, moves over and shoots burton with two hand guns.
louise is getting a bad feeling.
he throws himself against the back wall, gun outstretched in front of him, a look of yellow fear on his face, ready to blow in half anybody fool enough to stick their head through that door.
pulling the biker from a distance as he levels the two shotguns.
she is holding her prize flower.
teena goes.
enrique bolts out into oncoming traffic.
after hitting him several times, she yanks carl's belt out of his dangling pants and strangles him with it.
an elderly russian in a horse drawn cart trundles along the dirt track.
an orange cruiser pulls into elizabeth drive where the bridge launches in full swing.
mary comes running in, screaming.
a bearded young man dashes to the podium.
the skiptracer holds his neck wound as julian takes the address.
professor mcgonagall studies it, then turns to leanne.
melvin is visibly disturbed by her gesture.
looking down forlornly at the documents before her, emily sighs and opens her filofax.
he gazes at his prize and caresses it with his long fingers.
the two men's heads whip around to look in the back seat.
she finds a pen and hastily signs the deed to the house.
lewis turns to look.
as he does so, he puts his hand inside his coat and it comes out with blood on it.
flies are on the steak.
pansy and blaise wait for draco at the carriage door, finally leave their compartment.
she enters the billiard room where darcy is playing alone.
he vanishes.
forrest looks down at jenny.
jeep sees the strain on her face.
as king george chants by a fire, sarah sits bolt upright in bed and lights a lamp.
he clambers up the roof to a metal ladder and steps onto a metal walkway in front of the diner's unlit neon sign.
riddle stretches out his hand.
she smiles and takes out her guitar.
peter has his camera slung around his neck.
blowing dust off, he reverentially positions the bottle to the right of the glasses, then turns the label to face peter by the door.
luna squeezes his hand.
he scurries away taking shelter in an alley.
merrill sits still with his hands on his knees.
his friends rush to join him.
night, spider's honda pulls up on the street outside thao's house.
the kids are asleep.
two policemen stand outside the door.
he turns off the ignition and the lights.
he asks her her name.
she massages his knee.
elijah looks straight ahead, past the rows of shelving, displaying a huge collection of comics.
he spots some chopped vegetables sitting on a work top and lying next to them, a large kitchen knife.
the spell stops her and she falls.
paula looks in at her through a window in the door.
beer in hand, chili sits in a chaise longue by the pool.
diana searches the van.
she kisses his hands.
the shape of the doe shrinks to a ball of light.
with all of the force he can muster, he jams the metal shard all the way through tommy's throat!
the guests draw back.
so does szpilman and, as he does so, the bricks slide off his hod, crashing to the ground below.
it stands staring at everett, who returns the stare.
throws open the door and runs across the street.
gandalf kneels down and looks at pippin earnestly, his hand on pippin's shoulder.
she ignores him.
she lets the phone ring away.
it's mickey, as the camera soon shows, wearing a short-sleeved shirt, a paper tucked under his arm.
they break.
the white head man goes to his carriage.
halfway through lisa's speech, jeff begins speaking.
he comes over to the table and, with his mouth, picks a cigarette out of the pack.
his mask peeling back to reveal harry's disfigured face, he glides up alongside battered peter.
he forces harry to bow.
the girl stops the boy's mouth with a tender kiss.
as he turns to leave irwin speaks -- almost offhandedly.
he sits, hunched, in the road.
buddy's jaguar speeds off, leaving the mercedes alone in the parking lot.
a guy bins a flyer.
he lowers the glasses, then his gaze settles on peter sitting below him in the stalls.
he shoots a hotel maid.
lt. dan lifts his pant leg to display his metal leg.
she gets up and goes to the arquillian's body, which is still out on a table under the lights.
the machine gun runs out of ammunition.
he drops the dagger.
jackson drives the kids in the limo.
they try.
john is still.
rose's blue lips tremble as she smiles weakly.
there is a tap at the horn from wade, and stan gets into the lincoln.
for a second she loses her poise, staring at him.
andy and her father have dinner together.
three closed doors converge on a landing.
louise reaches over and takes the keys.
he goes to the closet, opens it wide, pulls out all its contents, throwing them on the floor.
bond watches with a frown, then rides away.
kazim and his men rush to two more speedboats tied to the dock.
a female member of staff brings breakfast on a tray for him.
gandalf watches the young hobbit.
featuring the reporters shrugging incredulously to each other, as they sit once more.
papers are scattered on the floor.
miss stubs makes tea.
the germans regroup.
a second onrush of kissing overtakes them.
a man with a cane steps left across the hall.
standing behind it, they look down the hill.
there are small fires all around.
then her stomach gets into the act and she vomits.
hermione holds a long strand of curling, black hair.
she moves forward and puts her head on his shoulder, his cheek against her hair.
cradling rosy-cheeked baby benjamin in a chair by the window, daisy softly covers his face with a blanket.
she comes in.
he loads his rifle and takes aim.
she leans back against the door and composes herself, then takes a hypodermic in a sealed packet from a glass cabinet.
he points to the sign, and looks at clarence.
pulling equipment from her bag, diana hard-lines her credit card burner into the network as sandy searches the shelves.
filch, the caretaker, stands at the back, stroking his cat.
john's glumly making notes and screwing them up again.
presses them together, then pouts in the mirror.
he starts to answer her back, but decides better of it, and instead, leaves the room.
gittes can see the servant again.
a moment as irwin considers it, then it is the general who speaks.
she rushes to the front door, peers through the peephole, then flings it open.
its arms spread out and become wings.
patel waves too but he eyes gandhi rather critically.
lester smiles back and laughs, as rose petals cover his face.
she and evan stroll arm in arm through the quad.
salieri's face falls, almost imperceptibly.
strider watches from the shadows.as boromir strolls through the darkened gallery.
lydia comes skipping and swirling into the room.
she turns on the phonograph.
more pixies fly out of the mountain of furniture.
she stands with her back to him.
ernie is in the doorway.
hermione is beside him.
she then puts a head scarf on and gets into the driver's side of a nearby land rover.
dotted lines appear on the screen, forming a sqaure.
he leans down to kiss her again.
standing at the rail, cal and jack gaze at rose as the lifeboat lowers toward the water.
sandy runs off.
attempting to light a cigarette, daisy fumbles with the lighter and drops it.
he hits wreckage and glides off it as if it were a ramp.
with its door still open, the car pulls out of the town square, leaving the hostages lying helplessly in the street.
the car flips forward and glows into flames.
lt. dan steps inside the latrine, still holding the roll of toilet paper.
they look at each other wordlessly, look back at the crystal set.
then, she closes her eyes again.
it is l-shaped, about fourteen feet wide.
tommy puts his arm around cole.
the activist carries his briefcase surreptitiously toward the door.
they turn slowly, holding each other close.
he put his hand over hers.
the crowd stares at him, stone-faced.
eddie tries to back off but there is nowhere to go, so he makes a casual movement toward the table.
snoop dog pivots toward a broken door lying in the silt.
gatsby looks round and sees herzog nearby.
the colonel gives him a hard stare and walks away from the bedside.
the truck with a machine gun on a tripod arrives.
lupin embraces nymphadora.
in their cloaks and bonnets kitty, lydia and lizzie are making their way through the busy town.
the helpless waiters are called off again as peter shakes his head.
once finished, he gets off her and saunters away, leaving her on her back.
as he and the burly agent lock gazes, the g-man's breathing grows shallow.
towering crags rise out of a shining sea.
the two men end up on the floor kicking and scratching.
ahead of her, a man tosses an apple.
a slightly overweight girl, probably fourteen years old is tied by her wrists with a phone cord to the metal towel rack in her bathroom.
mrs. halpern, 24, an attractive young mother, gets out of the car and walks to the mailbox.
fergus stands back into a shadow.
his face is now close to hers.
agent janus looks at the driver, who's now held by two other agents, and shakes his head.
kate in the back seat holding lilly.
eddie, his cue case tucked under his arm, walks straight toward him.
the car reacts to how horrible that would be.
now elsa peers through the binoculars.
slytherin captain and his teammate, one on each side, jostling and confusing her.
the soldier on stage continues to humiliate a terrified dancing woman by pouring his can of drink over her head.
whip narrows his eyes.
harry turns and looks at the lake.
will won't commit to edward's assessment.
salim winks and salutes the man, then bumps into jamal outside.
as is kayleigh!
ben moves slowly over to the window, which has a fine net curtain over it.
frodo wrapping an arm around sam's shoulder.
their contact is holding court in a white dinner jacket.
moody pats harry encouragingly on the shoulder as he tentatively enters the maze.
as he slowly leaves, our view moves down to diana and frannie's joined hands.
lit by a wand, five people stand in the doorway.
with desperate courage, elendil leads a charge.the black mace ofsauron lashes out!
morgan is the first one to move.
then he overbalances, falls off, and lands on his back on the soft sand beneath the goal post.
george hands the two hundred and forty-two dollars to tom, and speaks to ed, the next in line.
he climbs out of bed but maude remains in it.
debbie notices desi.
she looks at harry.
he scans around.
merrill grins at caroline and absently rubs his finger on the table top.
a shabby broomstick is hanging in the air.
then a whistle blows, a policeman stops the traffic, the barrier swings open and people swarm across in both directions.
caroline climbs back into her carriage and it sets off down the street.
as we hear his footfalls on concrete steps, smalls rises into frame, apparently climbing a stoop.
joe, alice and cary have to dive onto the ground as the cubes pass overhead.
harry turns to the golden egg standing on the side of the bath.
then he glares at the director off-stage.
cussins eyeballs brian, then turns to the players.
mj is distracted when she sees peter in the audience.
grabbing the map.
instantly the book leaps to the floor, pages flying, bookcovers snapping.
but it is ba who is speaking at the microphone, who has brought the shout of defiance from the crowd.
the cab is parked.
assault rifle in each hand, michael shoots out of the window.
edwards follows.
then does air claws with debbie.
dancing awkwardly next to her is angela.
as carl walks across the forecourt, a black cat runs past behind him.
his head goes far back, his eyes close, cold sweat shows on his face.
frodo a look of wonderment crosses his face as he steps forward and accepts gandalf's hand.
across a backyard tommy doyle, an eight-year-old boy with tossled brown hair and bright blue eyes comes running with his books.
she enters a storeroom with shelves full of vials of drugs.
the old woman stares at her suspiciously for a moment, then turns from the door and walks away.
behind them stand a detail of native soldiers keeping guard.
inside the school, kate and zoe walk down a corridor decorated with children's drawings.
daisy smiles as benjamin stares out of the window.
clutching the rope attached to the hook in his shoulder, holmes is swinging about a meter off the floor.
the hunters lounge happily on top of the truck, which heads out across the flat, sandy desert.
a waitress comes over and drops two menus on the table.
professor slughorn stops in front of them.
he opens the door to reveal rows of miniature bottles of alcohol on the shelves.
in his father's study, harry pours himself a martini and adds a couple of olives.
the back of roland's car explodes as he is driving.
mr. darcy leaps from his seat.
jane opens her bedroom door, staring at us.
from above, sarah and school boy look distraught.
she has nothing in her hands but her bag.
evelyn mulwray is standing at the table as he does so.
he reaches over to his side and grabs the remaining flashlight.
he glances over at charlie and the baby in the passenger seat.
he climbs out.
on another page is a picture of a bluey green alien with an angular jaw, and black almond shaped eyes.
she goes to hug ron then hesitates.
thelma laughs, too, but doesn't really get the joke.
he frees one hand and grabs a sharp spear of metal as venom leaps at him.
we move with mrs. robinson and ben out of the sunroom, into the hall, up the stairs and along the hall to the doorway to elaine's room.
harry demonstrates with his fingers.
centering on open touring car, as it drives along a river road.
gabriel spreads his wings and takes off.
carrying their instruments, three of the quartet members walk away as people run past.
cosette looks desperate.
chuck gives him a final belt slap, then drops it.
gondorian soldiers run for shelter in panic, covering their ears.
that night the farmhouse stands in darkness beneath a black sky.
in central park, helen and jacob emerge from the tunnel and walk towards the sphere across the gray carpet of dead bugs.
the bony cheek ss officer puffs on a cigarette as a truckload of people trundles past.
as he peers through the lens.
asael glance his sideways and sees chaya positioning her rifle.
his eyes are all over the place.
sarah's herd rumbles on as the laughing carney men urge their charges into the loading tunnel which runs down the wharf.
hand raised, vainly trying to protect his face and head.
taking her trusty hundred dollar bill like a human dust-buster, she quickly snorts the fat line.
in the dining room, mr. and mrs. braddock are sitting, having their dinner, looking through the doorways toward ben.
a coffee filter is shoved into the metal pan and someone heaps ground coffee on it.
they shake.
gatsby stands at the window, smiling benignly and smoking a cigarette.
grimsrud reaches across carl, grabs the trooper by the hair and slams his head down onto the car door.
don looks at the broken bottle, then after helen.
the policeman hesitates.
behind peter, the black spiky venom suit assumes a life of its own, growing and flailing about.
he tackles him and, with his hands wrapped round everett's throat, the two roll over.
peter, the wind ruffling his hair, sees two youths giving her the ones-over.
fay reaches over, puts a hand on his leg.
harry looks up to see dozens of large spiders lowering themselves from the tree roots to dangle about their heads.
gatsby stands amongst the trees near nick's cottage, looking up the lane.
lizzie steps away from her family and looks around the room searchingly.
her rouged face is grim and somber.
behind laurie is lyndsey and tommy making scary noises.
he sits in roger's bmw with the engine running, having first run a hose from the exhaust pipe into the driver's window in order to commit a seasonal suicide by carbon monoxide poisoning.
the champions emerge.
they glance at each other.
gandhi turns to them.
at night peter walks under the illuminated canopy of the theater across the street from mary jane's apartment building.
now nothing can be seen.
all the bystanders are watching.
chili and harry's conversation gets louder as karen descends the stairs.
the car is parked outside a grand mansion with a pillared entranceway.
the boy runs to the figure.
wickham turns to look at lydia.
more bodies hang from the ceiling.
he turns and stares outside, then closes the door.
on the pitch we see the cricketers, distorted through the moving glass of the window.
she turns to a magazine stand and fingers a magazine, awaiting loafer, who approaches in background.
debbie looks shocked.
strasser looks at renault sharply, but sees only a noncommittal smile on renault's face.
the woman is holmes in a bad disguise.
szalas produces a quarter bottle of vodka, thumps the back of the bottle so that the cork flies out.
neville recoils, as two snatchers run ahead, hit the shield, and disintegrate.
jackson nods and raises his eyebrows.
lilka gently squeezes tamara's clasped hands.
charlie is giving sandra some water through a straw.
mr. st. james is fuming a little.
claire comes down the stairs in a state of shock.
the car passes, and carl wheelies off.
another nurse wheels the rolling bed under lt. dan.
louise glides right back onto the road as if nothing unusual has happened at all.
pink reaches in his jacket for his gun, and pulls it out.
he glances at the door, peers inside, and gives the door a tug.
marjorie stands unhappily on her own in the hall.
the opposing team in black and red fly high above the pitch.
he pauses, then walks up behind her.
smiling, she scratches her head, then kicks off her glittering high heels before stepping fully clothed into the pool.
the brutes and yellin, by the gate, for it is indeed they who are making the commotion, frightened, pointing.
the colonel moves stiffly and seems preoccupied, slightly disoriented.
he measures gandhi challengingly, obviously expecting some contest.
will has a window seat in coach.
during the following, he looks around, looking for some way out.
down in the gryffindor common room, ron is standing in front of a blazing fire.
he hauls down the northwest valley volume, opens it.
as the cat runs past, two professors, snape and quirrell burst through a door.
he brings over two candlesticks and hands them to valjean.
kitty is sobbing.
seeing the map, snape's eyes glitter.
forrest walks over to greet her.
smeagol choking deagol.
his eyes turn quickly to the alleyway and back again to lisa.
fast push in to pippin looking on as denethor eats.
all bow and say, good morning, your majesty.
hermione barely smiles.
the lights of hogwarts glow dimly in the distance.
the camera moves to the stage, revealing a sleazy-looking rock band in the midst of their number.
a jumbo jet touches down, and in the airport, jane smiles as cute blonde tess arrives.
bleeker's mom answers, visibly annoyed.
it explodes against the hanging photo of his son, which stares at it motionless.
a russian guard, inside the compound, approaches, grabs hold of the german captain.
the camera is still moving with lee as she smiles and stops to chat with her mother.
brackett turns and walks out of the bedroom.
he takes rebecca's trays.
slowly, they begin to scramble to their feet and walk to the top of the sunny slope.
the birds dive headlong to attack ron.
kay is at a computer terminal.
the clock reaches twelve noon.
tom glances at gatsby, who points.
she looks embarrassed.
he turns away and walks back to the boat.
down below, susan, in a pained reflex, again turns and looks up towards the hill.
amused, bert gets up and joins eddie at the bar.
the camera moves back to the kitchen as norma talks.
valjean recognises him.
morgan lies back, his breathing returning to normal.
nick walks into the room to find daisy admiring the orchids.
chili glances about, makes sure no one's around, then pulls the key for the 'right' locker out from a crack in the pavement, near the stairwell.
jay and kay sit across the desk from zed.
jackson looks up and sees a light and noah.
holmes gets out.
mr. weasley smiles reassuringly at his children.
suddenly he stops, his hand to his mouth, reflecting.
tuvia looks around at the ashen faces of the people queuing up for food.
peter gallantly gestures for her to sit down.
draco runs away.
sarah joins nullah, who's holding sticks and staring out at his grandfather, who's waiting on the grassy plain.
now, she's seated in an ornate dining room, eating dinner with bingley's sisters.
boromir leaps on top of frodo, grasping for the ring!
he ushers lydia into the carriage.
we follow her out the door, then the camera jerks back to lester calling after her.
holden watches her, then follows.
people of all different ages mill in the area, going about their business.
with her jacket over her arm and her briefcase in the other, she walks past a black servant trimming a box hedge at the front entrance.
darcy regards the building with an air of detachment.
she bends low to dave.
she pulls a similar, neat red wheelie case.
everett and penny walk arm in arm, the seven wharvey gals behind.
the mother glances at her young daughter, who nods.
he moves quickly, hopping about its spinning around.
edwards is thrown for a moment, which is all the time the perp needs to pull out.
he slides sandy the cut card.
diana surrounds her head in a cloud of hairspray.
the man with the bullhorn continues, directing his comments at the distant barn.
puts it back.
mister aziz stares at the eager, bright-eyed youth, steps up to him and reaches for peter's helmet.
charles heads off -- joe follows.
martin turns to him.
the other one, houdini, lies slumped in the yard with bo kneeling in front of him.
a young woman, holding her one small baby.
the dude takes a swig of his kalhua.
he watches the ensemble and we listen to it for a long moment.
he drops his rifle and sprints up the beach to distract the japanese.
and graham looks somber.
in the hospital, caroline turns to her mother.
he turns to lucius.
ron sits up, then lies back weakly on the floor.
then checks that they are locked.
between his fingers is a cigarette, so that the whole thing looks fairly natural.
scrambling forward, he looks for a way out.
cho chan walks up to the trolley.
a row of mailboxes stands left.
he looks beyond them and sees the young man wearing a green jacket embrace his mother and turn to smile at his father.
gandhi sighs, and their faces and minds go to more somber matters.
the director, 40-something rex brooks, gets to her feet and switches off the feed.
morgan lays limp in his arms.
he's filmed on the surveillance screen.
as another police officer starts to lead him away.
he pours in more liquor and some ice cubes.
the host looks down at his computer screen.
jamal stops playing and watches his brother.
the girl, molly, dives onto a sofa.
kay's car hurtles toward certain death in the traffic jam, but at the last possible moment it swerves off to the side, a sucking sound coming from underneath it.
he perches on the edge of a seat, looking morose.
he runs into the next room and searches feverishly among bottles in a wooden box.
they all slide out of sight.
hartley, the violin player, places his instrument against his neck and resumes playing.
he exits frame, leaving only the sorority house in the background.
the thing falls far enough to tell them it's too far to jump.
a handgun lies beside it.
he reaches the top and bumps into cho who has come around the corner.
he pulls out some bank notes.
filch, the caretaker, holds up a lantern.
lester looks up, squinting at: the door raises to reveal carolyn, silhouetted against the bright sunlight outside, pointing a remote at us.
jenny, david, danny and helen were in the crowd.
the alien takes deep, difficult breaths.
forrest writes a letter in his tent.
sarah pops her head out of her tent, staring as the water pours off his rippling muscles.
bo catlett is behind a big wooden desk on the phone.
ray finally turns.
bremner shoots a dour glance at giles.
he joins mr. arnold at the far end of the pool.
nick has come outside and stands by a drinks table with a cocktail fountain on it.
there's a patch of blood on his chest seeping through his shirt.
the car jumps fast out of shot and we pan past bart and center rachel and group, walking fast away from us.
in the crow's nest, the men stare at the iceberg as the ship heads straight toward it.
he exchanges a glance with red and they rise, grabbing their coats.
she hears an explosion.
margaret unbuckles her seat belt.
as keyes and neff enter, the door to norton's private office is opened.
harry backs away, standing with his back to the mirror.
a bulldurham tag hangs from his outside breast pocket, dangling from its string.
he hovers in front of a waving flag proclaming the name krum.
ron is on his knees.
peter remembers hitting himself on the bell when he tried to tear the black suit off.
she gently strokes her sleeping sister's face.
lester looks at ricky, who shrugs.
he turns the key.
a grainy flashback of the lightning hitting a truck.
her startled look becomes relieved, and she touches her fingers to her brow.
jessica and her friends approach the curtain.
she steps over to a dressing area.
the name, emily posa, has been encircled on his list beside him.
elijah watches the green army jacket melt into the thick part of the crowd and disappear as it moves away from the stadium.
it attacks the dark figure, who turns and disappears into the mist.
as the truck drives off.
middle of nowhere wooded area as an ohio power cherry picker truck drives up, parks beside a utility pole.
he turns and hesitantly smiles to an offscreen lee.
as he reads, we glimpse the markings of a plan.
he holds the boy's mother aside and hits him again as sarah strides up.
the lights of the tomb and the water tower can be seen in the distance through it.
as she looks back she sees that lola is staring down at her wrist watch.
the platform is completely empty as he moves towards her.
taylor looks in his rear view mirror and steers.
in a dining room, ruth sips tea with two other women.
watson climbs a ladder on the platform.
the goon puts out a restraining hand.
they begin to half-run, half-stumble across the paddy field towards the solitary soldier.
the bouncer, dragging don from harry's and joe's, gives him one last shove down the street.
the guests are chattering, enjoying themselves; a lamp glows on the corner of the piano.
their lips come together.
harry clutches the scar on his forehead.
he turns and looks away.
he carries the bag across the room.
henry looks horrified by what he's been forced to do as indy searches frantically for an exit.
bellatrix spots them.
he places juno's bag over her shoulder and opens the door to let her out.
he thrust his gun to shulman.
from inside an unmarked car across the street, the two cops watching freddy see him walk out of his building and up to eddie's parked car.
the scene is suffused with a warm yellow light.
bert and sarah sit across from each other.
a man playing cards looks out at him.
holmes catches the apple as it falls and tosses it to the hapless leader.
petunia runs off.
jacob scans the bar.
an attractive girl is setting out trays of canap s, glasses, ice and liquor.
she goes back to her casserole.
the general eyes green grimly and grabs the paper.
graham's steely blue eyes gleam as he stares at the tv.
there is a long moment of silence.
they part, their faces remaining close.
he looks up at denethor who continues as if he has not sent his son to his death.
pippin starts forward unable to say nothing.
findley completes a shot, then lays his cue gently on the table and goes to the bar.
she starts to gather her things from the coffee table.
two other kids, on bikes, watch astounded as santa administers the festive beating.
graham frowns and shakes his head.
dillinger faces homer's hostage.
a bin, oil barrels, a table lamp, a bicycle and numerous other objects are all drawn irresistibly towards the tower.
the inspector looks closely at his face.
her arms tighten around him.
henry shakes his head.
he reaches the end zone and triumphantly spikes the football.
hannah, however, has her back turned.
spider-man sees the severed cables, but the sphere keeps drawing metal objects to it.
the camera makes a short sweep around the neighborhood showing that some of the rooms are now with their lights on.
emily smiles coldly and turns to face cal.
she glances at the sun.
karami stands and hani kisses his cheeks.
elise's smile fades as she stares into david's earnest eyes.
he threads a needle not with thread, but with fishing wire, and begins to stitch the wounds closed.
they both look over their script pages as charles adjusts the camera.
the grave stands amongst sand dunes behind a small house.
the dude and walter stand in the middle of the road, watching the three red tail lights fishtail away.
it has the atmosphere of a funeral.
ferris aims his gun.
hordes of people swarm on the street, where traders sell produce from barrows.
it is a perfect forced perspective image of the rocks below with lines from a hundred feet continuing six feet below his sight line where his feet are stepping.
lester sits at the table in sloppy clothes, eating his dinner voraciously and drinking beer from a bottle.
a hatch opens and out comes michael followed by bob, percy and kyle.
as she searches through her purse for her keys, he reaches out and puts his hand on her shoulder.
as she pours.
in the hospital, caroline opens a box full of old postcards tied up with ribbon.
mike turns the light on and sits up, soaked in sweat.
octavius lifts his head.
he stares up at the ceiling.
she sits beside him.
one a rescue truck, are at the entrance to the reservoir.
they skim between the high-rise city blocks.
arnie, glasses perched on his nose, screws up his face.
his gaze drifts to a road, which cuts through a desolate field toward the flat horizon.
gently cradling rose's face, ruth kisses her cheek.
the snake watches the flame, then bites into sandy's neck.
audrey leaps onto gabriel, pulling him away from charlie just in time.
he finishes dialing.
charlie does the same, counting the bills out one by one.
he steps towards aron and cradles his head in his arms.
his bloody hand grasps the sinks, as his blood drips on the floor.
he is an intelligent-appearing, well-dressed modern detective.
carolyn is nervous; buddy seems amused.
at the end of a lane is a small collection of farm buildings nestling in a group of trees.
yuri sits apart staring at a photograph of his ex-wife and the twins.
a taxi stands by the curb.
he leaps on his glider.
the eye sac lies on the snow.
rambo sees a pistol tucked into the second pirate's waistband.
fantine looks towards the tooth man and the head whore.
being hit by the first car.
she takes it from his weak hand.
his head lies on the daffodils.
the television reveals elvis as he thrusts his hips and sings.
sarah lies bound beneath one.
nehru is standing next to a heavy-set, well-dressed man (patel).
gatsby walks back inside.
hi is walking in, yawning.
he clenches his fist around it.
she draws back.
they stare at each other.
gabriel gets to his feet.
snape walks away.
he tumbles out of the passenger door.
the sheriff takes it casually.
the interior of the house is lit up here and there, ghostlike, by ernie's spotlight.
oleg glares over a shoulder as he boards the waiting plane.
they go in.
he's playing a theme that we will soon recognise.
forrest looks as the crowd cheers wildly.
he hangs up the receiver and presses a buzzer on his desk.
red and blue lights flash outside, as she crosses to the front door.
she moves to a small bar set in the wall cabinet.
she opens the back door of the car and leans in.
several doors down is the entrance to what looks like a sedate conservative club.
the guy digs out two other cards and hands those over.
ben drives his saloon along the sunny coast road from the beach house.
eddie turns and sees her.
don sees he can't loosen the string in time.
harry takes a step backwards.
janie is thumping away at the piano.
he and hal make eye contact before max closes the door.
disbelief turns to fear as shelob gets closer and closer, gollum quickly turns and bolts.
he runs outside.
inigo is watching.
he stares in amazement as the bricks rearrange themselves to form a doorway.
an old woman sees jamal in the van.
now, switching his cigarette, don crosses his other arm so he can pull the bag up under his coat.
the attendant is in the b.g.
throughout the above sequence denethor has continued to eat.
he kicks the door in vain.
hannah stands in the living room of jacob's apartment, watching the rain through the tall glass windows.
however he manages to make the swinging glass door.
he sucks on her locket as she holds him.
watson takes irene's monogrammed handkerchief out of sims' bag and glances over at holmes.
harry slowly goes up the stairs towards him.
- a spinning 78 on a green felt turntable.
hermione shakes her head, bemused.
still worrying the ear.
he turns at a fork in the road which allows him to continue following the flood channel.
eventually he gives up, and using the club like an ax, starts to chop the dummy's legs off.
the salesman speaks some words to the operator.
a milkman steps down from the porch.
men watch them.
he grabs one of the rocks and plods behind the boulder and we.
they all clink glasses and drink.
with a determined glare, the skiptracer follows close behind.
john watches as he paws at the upholstery.
then shakes javier's hand, placing a small envelope into it.
he walks tensely back to graham.
dale and kurt run to the window and see a man dressed in black get out of a black muscle car.
he glances up.
sandy speeds up beside the skiptracer's van.
one of them carries a clipboard.
she is debating whether to take an extra pair of socks.
mr. darcy becomes aware of them looking at him and glowers.
he looks over at charlie, asleep in the next bed.
harry follows the woman and her family.
she looks over at holmes, who winks reassuringly.
shimmering golden flakes flow from a giant champagne bottle.
he breaks in to a broad grin as frodo rushes forward to embrace him.
the book scurries underneath in a flurry of torn paper.
sandra checks the mail, hoping for a letter from edward.
nick walks over and finds gatsby washing myrtle's blood off the front of the car.
daisy and nullah cling frantically to the ladder.
the guy edges towards the open window.
he shoves the metal into burning coals.
buttercup, bruised and torn, as westley crawls slowly toward her.
he moves toward the kitchen.
george is crossing the approach to the bridge when a truck swings around the corner and nearly hits him.
tommy and others stand at the locked gate atop the third- class stairwell.
inigo, behind him, coming like a streak and.
deep in the minute cracks of the damaged drill, tiny black bugs flutter and multiply by dividing in two.
norman follows her.
he easily stays ahead, running backward.
joe's on the verge of tears as overmyer pockets the necklace.
forrest runs back into the jungle to look for bubba.
laurie stands there a moment staring into the blackness.
angela is sprawled across the bed.
he picks up the book with both hands and stares at it.
simon pats his leg -- trying unsuccessfully to get verdell to approach him.
he looks around the blazing inferno.
valjean and cosette have run off.
he lays his head on her chest.
mark instantly smiles.
his eyes are drawn to the dining table.
he reloads and follows the others out into a rail yard.
szpilman, wearing the german captain's coat and under the eiderdown, hears the strange sound of the music, which he recognises.
we see motorboats, gunboats, supply boats, etc.
soldiers surround the bielski brothers.
the man in black begins to squeeze.
frodo starts climbing a stone staircase that climbs through a narrow pass.
the brothers line up and open fire into the dazzling light.
lewis looks relieved.
carrying the standard of gondor.
the patterned tiles underfoot are cracked and dirty.
setting the knife back down on the worktop.
she holds john and pearl very firmly, inspecting baskets, across gate of fence.
camille is led to the speedboat.
she looks at col.
more letters are eliminated from his name.
she starts to dial the phone.
lee hangs up the phone and the movie cuts back to elliot, standing in his living room.
a wild horse is ridden, bucking, around a training ring.
merrill turns and starts walking.
latika shakes her head.
nehru is on the back of a big open truck that is stationary in the street.
scruffy and bedraggled, ron gives hermione a faint smile.
and arbogast studies it, then speaks.
he cocks his thumb.
she hands alicia rebecca's bag.
spider-man stands as if glued to the front of the train.
and puts it on a chest of drawers,
the gunner on the boat starts firing on the shore.
willie struggles to contain his irritation.
ben reaches out her hand, and briefly caresses her hair.
at the kiss's conclusion susan suddenly notices joe is present and has been watching.
maude emerges from the bedroom.
he moves into the oncoming lane and pulls up beside the van.
in his room, he tosses it away.
he briefly glances toward her.
lindsey sees the tv and runs into the living room.
he watches the repentant woman as she turns and gives a teary smile.
they all dine happily outside in the evening twilight.
she clutches his balls.
dumbledore prods the armchair with his wand.
a man removes a large number six from a huge scoreboard with a pole and replaces it with a number nine.
karl perks up, even though it means more for him to carry.
both in chef's whites, nick and kate stand back to back in a kitchen.
lily leads doug off and andy checks out the art, standing alone to admire the floor-to-ceiling, blown-up black-and-white photographs of street scenes.
and the queen plows into the waters.
wet from the rain, he steps further into the bar.
he slides the doors of the shed open, revealing a two-seat cessna plane in the small hangar.
he takes a plate and brings it toward jody.
red goes down.
hermione tries to calm herself.
neff comes through the reception room doors with his hat on and his briefcase under his arm.
the two webs attach to buildings either side of the track, and spider-man takes the string.
in his right hand, he holds the elder wand.
salim is phoned.
he leans over and picks them up.
he disappears down the hall.
in his trademark red track suit, brian sweeps the dingy corridors by the derby dressing rooms, under flickering strip lights.
captain dutton gets out of the truck.
passing don, she runs her finger through the neckline of his hair.
they are both laughing.
he looks around at the overstuffed furniture and shelves of teacup.
the president strides towards a child in its mother's arms.
rambo leaves, passing the footless corpse of the crucified man.
she sees thelma talking to this guy and, for one moment, stops dead in her tracks as she takes this in, then continues toward the car.
she walks through dead bracken and stands beside harry.
still nothing, he tries again.
clutching aisha's phone, ferris squats down and looks up into the clear blue sky.
he instantly loses his footing and falls to the ground.
he stumbles across the uneven ground, towards the big house.
joseph gazes down at the paper, his lips moving slightly.
dementors circle high above the prison, a colossal triangular tower, surrounded by an angry sea.
ben sits in a cubicle, typing on a keyboard.
he turns to dillinger and red.
the producer looks unconvinced by his own suggestion.
sydney boogies on the dance floor with the happy bounces around joyfully as a smiling sydney jives.
servants are holding flaming torches, awaiting their orders.
the ring fills the screen.streams of blood flow across the surface.
alison comes in wearing his oversized pajamas.
she takes them off when she sees carol, then hears the cough.
they continue, coming to an intersection -- where a new tunnel branches off.
zoe smells it.
indy grins, enjoying the repartee.
tears roll down his cheeks.
he clutches the scar in his forehead.
bob holds his thumb and forefinger close together.
inside the titanic a brown haired women herds a young boy and girl up a corridor.
down the street, kids flock around don and his team as they step from the coach and stroll towards the ground in their smart suits, signing autographs.
and he does, in his beaten up old car.
he shakes ben's hand and leaves.
they pass out of shot.
mr. gardiner proffers his hand, and the deal is done.
his body turns, his feet go to the floor, he starts to stand.
peter and rooney go to his aid.
salim is rooted to the spot.
he looks out at gran torino parked on the drive.
they play lacrosse.
he has the picture in his hand.
she breathes a sigh of relief, thinks a moment, makes a quick decision.
he reaches for his glass of water, but josephine already has it for him.
nick films daisy hitting a golf ball.
sam steels himself and leaves to go and talk to rosie.
at an exotic club, he ignores the girl writhing in front of him and rubs a scratch card.
hi is off and running.
szpilman turns and stumbles down the empty street.
he intercepts her before she can make it out.
quartermaster hichens turns the wheel to the left.
jenny rushes over to forrest and pulls forrest off wesley.
andy strolls sadly through the city, mulling over her decision.
bob pulls a shotgun from behind the counter.
wick takes his suitcase, goes into the living room.
filch lurks behind a pillar, spotting students approaching the room.
something is written on it but it is distorted by the glass.
covering the suit with his hand, he turns away from mary jane and hurries out into the night.
vincent and jules, their long matching overcoats practically dragging on the ground, walk through the courtyard of what looks like a hacienda-style hollywood apartment building.
she kisses her sister on the cheek, then leaves the room.
kate's smile fades, and she looks down sadly.
dil raises fergus's head up, with his new-cut hair and holds a mirror up behind his head so he can see the back.
she smirks.
looming above him, they form the menacing shape of a huge, black dog.
a middle aged couple approached jamal.
he takes a moment to compose himself, then turns to face her again.
she sighs.
one of the voices is familiar.
in the motel room, ben looks in a mirror as he carefully shaves off his heavy stubble with a wet razor.
eowyn kneels before merry, adjusting his helmet.
he cranes his head up for a closer look.
and watches people go into the house next door.
he opens the door slightly and points his gun through the narrow gap.
forrest looks around.
as the steward slides the door shut, the lights go out.
marcus and wille are once again in their festive elf and santa costumes, as they strode through a heat shimmer in a car park.
charlie leads a tall, black, 30'ish kyle inside.
on foot, irene adler enters the auctioneers, cromwell and griff.
aibileen, grabbing her handbag, turns to elizabeth.
rubbing the tip of his nose, he shifts his gaze to the dance floor where a brunette in a red dress dances with a man.
hovered against the wall, harry shields his face from the heat.
this kid enjoyed the crash.
he reaches for the whiskey bottle on top of the china closet.
they walk into a health clinic.
the musicians look at orsini- rosenberg.
the lights go out.
the boys struggle to free themselves.
yvonne has never taken her eyes off rick.
hal, max, etc., all are gesticulating wildly.
behind him we see the cabin door opening.
holmes spots a plaque, imperata, and thinks back to the dynamite beside the one in the secret room.
she steps back, looks at david, then at the boy, her head on one side.
gordon is slightly pissed.
he then locks the door, reaches into his desk and finds a tiny canister of pepper spray.
luna and harry watch as draco snatches his walking stick from filch.
the same man who answered the door in the flashback lays partly in the shadow, partly in the light.
and harry is reluctantly drawn towards him.
andy watches a member of the editorial staff quickly binning her breakfast, and another changing her shoes.
standing beside charlie, audrey shakes her head.
purvis arrives and riddles homer with bullets.
a pincer threatens him.
bone saw cunks into the cage.
gunfire continues.
pink walking backwards away from the action.
the barman punches him in the guts and tosses him over the counter.
by the tone of the ring, we know we're not in the u.s. -- it has that insistent european sound.
zeus face turns to the side
across the street, in the same block, is the third pawn shop.
finally arriving at the top.
he comes around in front of the desk.
gandhi is disconcerted by her attitude, but he tries to answer walker.
she runs toward front door and flings it open.
he slams ferris' face down on the table.
the faulty lamps flicker and fizz throwing an eerie yellow light along the tunnel.
the male nurse places lt. dan's hands on a pull-up bar, then picks up lt. dan, whose legs have been amputated.
jackson silently curses his car
scabior pulls back harry's fringe to reveal the scar on his forehead.
and a frank, open regard which has nothing in it to imply flirtation -- or the lack of it.
the last light out, stella stops to catch her breath, and turns to jeff.
her head jerks up from the rush.
she lunges at him, pretending to bite his neck.
he gets in the lift with elizabeth and closes the doors.
party guests whip out their mobile phones in response to the ring tone.
replicating treasure tumbles out thorough the open doorway.
huge array of men in vehicles has assembled nearby.
she illustrates by making a rounded gesture near her stomach.
he closes his eyes tight.
from behind mikey, they hear a terrified gasp.
firing both .45's, mr. white massacres everyone in the patrol car.
the locket lies unscathed amongst the dead leaves.
jacob cocks his head.
emily opens french windows and goes outside.
he turns to a bulletin board where multiple mug shots of familiar criminals hang posted.
harry's wand, dropped in the struggle, is lying at the top of the stairs.
he runs over.
across the room, harry is also asleep but dreaming of dumbledore and the horcruxes.
ron looks confused.
he spots a turkey.
he spoon-feeds the blindfolded kate some sauce from a container between them.
thelma is trying not to cry.
she glances up at a sign over a doorway.
spider reverses up beside thao.
the soldiers toss primed grenades into the paddy field.
rosie throws a beautiful bouquet of flowers.
ernie is reading a telegram he has just received.
he smiles warmly.
the countess steps out of her stateroom and stops a mustached steward.
they watch themselves running along the path below towards hagrid's cottage and the pumpkin patch.
tommy dashes up to the front window and looks out.
she's the feather woman, brightly rouged, with her thickly painted eyebrows, the unsteady mauve ostrich feather rising from her straw hat.
grantaire rather reluctantly goes upstairs.
in the garden, cal takes his phone out.
kate wearily climbs the stairs to her apartment.
they start their charleston.
motor town used cars are cheaper, only around 15,000.
yaxley is gaining on him.
buckbeak won't move.
he leans back into the couch and lets out a huge sigh.
benjamin puts money on the counter.
at hilly's the front lawn is being mowed and yule mae is hoovering.
colin teases abby with some caviar, then pops it into her mouth.
abby steps closer to mike and stares at him intensely.
they sit down together on the path.
morgan looks up at his father through puffy red eyes.
sandy follows, barely dodging the oncoming vehicles.
he turns the gun on sarah.
while zed talks, he goes through paperwork on his desk.
but before he can use his wand, he accidentally rams it up the troll's nostril.
the three girls enter, their backs to us, carrying baskets of tomatoes.
at pemberley, mr. darcy is sitting in the drawing room, watching georgiana practice her piano playing.
kay opens the door and gets out of the car.
they look at each other, reacting, as the film cuts back to hannah's kitchen.
she slips over the edge, regains her balance, turns and looks back at the intersection below, and begins to get down from the edge.
drover stands awkwardly, and backs away from the pair.
steam rises from the lake bad around jackson.
but edward throws back the covers.
cole sprints across the empty lot and reaches the doors of a building.
they are all piled high with shrunken heads and skulls of all shapes and sizes.
jenny walks up to forrest.
she twirls around.
the serpent splashes through the water beneath the statue.
the ruckus slows and quiets, as if a strange spell has been cast.
melvin ignores the question, instead answering a charge he had imagined she might make.
he shakes his head and laughs.
he's moving with great agility.
these same hands steady him.
he holds his ear to it, then pulls it open.
indy and henry walk toward the square.
the ambulance spins at a right angle and flips onto its side.
the green goblin glides up.
he replaces it back to the top shelf and leaves the closet.
light from the tank illuminates ben's face as he stands in the darkness, seemingly lost in thought.
the baltian nods again, falls, and dies.
it tears and stretches like rubber then snaps back like a second skin.
they stifle their giggles
graham and merrill put the children down.
he gazes at the grave.
ice cream has melted around her.
rambo takes cover in the timbers beneath it.
helen and danny, exchanged a worried look.
as parker approaches mary jane, she smiles and waves, he waves shyly back only to find she was greeting to girl friends walking behind him.
jody calls to lance.
dillinger washes his hands.
dealers in gold and currency calling monotonously.
dillinger and his men, using their hostages as shields cross to the getaway car.
the monastery is demolished by the wave.
the speedo hits 110.
slowly laurie begins to pull herself together once again.
andy stares out of the window.
he still does not react to nathan, not even bothering to give him a glance.
tears run down jenny's cheeks as headlights sweep past the window.
all the girls are smiling.
she bustles into the sitting room with her bulldog with her.
the crowd scatters as the huge, hulking, king kong-like figure slams a car sized fist into the ground, narrowly missing spiderman,
everett gives her an ingratiating laugh.
mrs. phillips is coming to visit her sister, mrs. bennet, at longbourn.
she slaps herself repeatedly until she stops crying.
as she goes near pearl's calves, john turns.
javert nods to the guards, and they begin to form the chained men into lines to return to their prison.
valjean reaches up his hands, and lets the ghost of fantine take them.
from a very low angle, we look up to see just how massive he is.
rambo walks away in disgust and heads for the perimeter of the arena.
the girl takes a swig of juice and wags her mouth on the sleeve of her hoodie.
the wind has blown all of the ashes into the dude, standing just to the side of and behind walter.
the beast's journey takes it past a dangling fish hook, baited with worms.
she looks out enviously at children playing in the snow.
whip looks up at a female emt leaning over him.
but his pursuers hit the truck head on.
terrified, he steps onto the wet planks.
three men in long coats enter.
a hazy orange sun rises above the teeming streets, slums and skyscrapers of mumbai.
he unplugs a laptop and makes a call on his cell phone.
we saw before, as buttercup emerges.
standing beneath the girder, venom fires a thread down spider-man's neck and pulls him onto his back, garroting him as sandman brings his fist down like a steam hammer.
she scoffs.
black spider-man tears up the pipe.
he goes to the lunch counter, still looking at her.
the world unity festival hoarding is falling towards him.
as abby walks over to the door and opens it.
carrying a suitcase, oti crosses the road below, bathed in the orange glow of a streetlamp.
valjean goes to him and drags him into the building.
his wand is in a sheath, strapped to his leg.
john joins the kids and marley at the bedroom window.
they jump into the water beside the bobbing, overturned coffin.
the right hand is lettered l-o-v-e.
she lifts her head as a signal to someone out of shot.
a photo of whip appears on the tv behind the bar.
the women watch him tensely.
he looks at her a moment.
bo stands up.
the space is very tight; the men hold up their drinks to make room for her.
the lady appears at their door.
it is crowded with guests; hannah's children play in their midst.
amanda leaves josh open mouth.
the fan leaves, but banky is watching holden go.
comics are knocked free and fall onto the wheel chair and the nearby ground.
the sheriff goes, leaving jack looking nonplussed.
at a landing he slides open a door of bronze bars.
jeep sits up as michael steps over to gabriel and places the tip of his sword on gabriel's chin.
zoe goes back to watching the bugs bunny cartoon.
the couple cross to the other side of the roof and find central park stretching out below.
as he does so, harry, dressed in black, walks into the room.
george feels his lip, which shows no sign of the recent cut he received from welch.
four guards are in position flanking the chapel door.
there is a pause as thorwald gropes for an answer.
zus looks at tuvia and turns away.
donny is trotting excitedly up.
there is a commotion at the door as people attempt to come into the gambling room.
malbin shakes his head.
david who's been leaning on the wall behind joseph, unfolds his arms and puts his hands in his pockets.
passerbys glare at kay, who appears to be seriously mistreating this poor little dog.
a thestral lands, carrying bill and fleur.
she looks at carl with a suspicious frown.
he browses a page, folds it up, and frowns thoughtfully to himself.
they climb down at the far end of the roof and hurry towards the interior of the ghetto.
harry is silent.
he kisses it lovingly and puts it back, then continues up the stairs.
dressed in their empire-line dresses, lizzie and lydia are thoroughly enjoying themselves.
she shoots him a mistrustful look and maneuvers her silver car out into the busy street.
he slaps one of the girls on the rump.
he smiles at his adoring fans.
dressed in black, shirt, trousers and light coat.
cop one indicates the open bathroom door.
the band motions for forrest to stop and stay in the end zone.
in the background we see two women cleaning a latrine.
he looks impatient.
tuvia checks aron's cheek.
harry addresses an envelope to his godfather, sirius black.
at the sound of his raised voice, a man standing at the edge of the channel, talking to two boys in swimming trunks, turns around.
nearly colliding with another waiter, he dons a bellhop's uniform and removes his mustache just in time to intercept moriarty and moran in the lobby.
the door opens and felicia enters followed by quince, sur- prised at seeing a convened board, but still he is all smiles.
the shots go in.
the mustachioed preacher puts a hand on queenie's belly.
when he gets to the szpilmans he selects henryk and halina.
sirius holds him close.
then he downs his drink and quickly strokes out his shot, the ball banking crisply and directly into the corner pocket.
the clock reads 6:20.
he speeds into the side of the van causing it to flip over.
he nods - he has wanted this result all the time.
the gas station attendant is sitting reading a stock car magazine.
he brightens.
he gets out of bed and goes to the garage.
underwater, the body of octavius, the four limbs still attached to him, floats downwards, as does the sphere.
she gets up, sweeping snow from her knees.
their attention is fixed on the plain below.
fletcher grimly watches the boys, streaming towards the trucks.
bones turns away.
the paper bundle is snapped open with scissors
he drops a tray.
gideon has put the wallet aside and now picks up the letter, removing it from the envelope and reading it.
benjamin has his arm around her as they gaze at themselves in the mirror.
the dude pulls his sunglasses down his nose and peeks over them.
aragorn and boromir wade into the mass of goblins with their swords.
his head is grabbed from behind and tucked into an armpit.
mrs. kowalski slaps him.
denethor's eyes meet.
brian kisses peter's cheek playfully.
a dark-haired crewman rushes in.
the passage between ron and harry is completely blocked.
she shakes him harder, then gazes toward the lifeboat.
she glances around furtively.
he looks at ben searchingly, then turns and continues up the stairs and down the hall.
nick looks up.
they get ramped werving with their own boat sideways.
her face breaks into a smile.
as willie and marcus enter the store gin slagel drives by their cars, carefully noting their tags.
vernon smiles at him sadistically as he pokes the fire and the flames turn the letters to ashes.
he sees the face of sirius black.
as a handful of colleagues listen to a woman's analysis, charlie paces thoughtfully.
streaks of light burst all around, illuminating the dark sky.
icey turns to the street mob.
as he turns the car out, his headlights light up the porch.
jamal wanders the teeming streets of mumbai by day, and by night.
ben is sitting on the bed, leaning against the headboard, watching the television set which is on a stand facing the bed.
peter is in the crowded planetarium.
ben sits on his bed in dim lamp light and takes a book and a file out of his bag.
he walks through the lobby, ignoring the uniformed policeman standing nearby, and stops at the desk.
daisy sits on the edge of the bed as benjamin rides his motorcycle down the driveway, to the road.
outside, the night is almost pitch black.
nema pulls up outside his grandma's house.
he releases michael and throws a grappling hook over the side.
malfoy's eyes shift, regard hermione with disgust.
a platoon of soldiers marches up the street to face them.
the rain is coming down in sheets now, and there is a sharp clap of thunder.
he salutes the colonel good-naturedly, grinning.
percy's body lies covered on the table.
glances down at the streets way below then takes a deep breath.
it leads to a dim stairway.
marley looks up from his box with big sad eyes.
she moves a little closer to him.
the twins try it.
he stands upright and sees some more glasses of water on a nearby cabinet.
the car screams away.
latika is left standing on the tracks.
mj lowers her head.
in the background we see jude rising.
carl tapes his nose up so it looks like a pig's snout.
he flips the switch on the dictaphone.
he looks up and sees javert standing there waiting for him.
peter is lost in thought.
as arwen rides through the forest the figure of a small boy of about 5 suddenly runs across the path in front of her.
he is obviously undecided as to what he wants to do.
laurie glances back at the bushes behind them.
rambo starts to tear a strip from sarah's shirt.
mr. darcy nods and leaves the room.
szpilman opens it to find inside several loaves of bread.
in fact, there's a group of about 20 citizens spilling out to see edward approach.
the crowd reacts and the sergeant turns just in time to see it dropped in the flame.
she stops beside neff, who is pretending to read a label on a can.
and we push in on charles, going from depressed and lost to.
a little boy is rooted to the spot.
dillinger pours antiseptic over red's wounded abdomen.
she steps towards the potions.
amidst the cheering crowd, eowyn moves towards aragorn.
peter looks in.
then stride the pavement menacingly.
cal and lovejoy step out of the sitting room and stop a dark-haired steward in the hallway.
the tea leaves shift.
soldiers raise their swords and aim their muskets.
taking off the backpack, diana lies down next to big chuck.
she opens and closes her mouth, and nods her head.
dot is looking offscreen.
he smiles politely and they pay no attention to him at all.
they catch sight of him.
in his room, nick starts to write.
the eyes on the ragged billboard for the oculist, a dr. t.j. eckleburg, stare blankly in the darkness.
he jumps on and flies off, the dragon gives chase.
neff comes through the arch and walks slowly towards her.
jenny turns and looks at forrest jr. in the other room.
in the kitchen downstairs.
bert gets into the police car, and, siren screaming, sets off in pursuit of george.
benjamin watches solemnly as david snatches her away and dances closely with her.
he sips, grimaces, passes the flask to george, and starts to shrink.
ruth and molly reach toward rose.
malcolm's eyes are locked on the spool of audio tape as it spins in the player.
jay makes blow job faces down an imaginary line of guys, looking quite like a performing seal.
gothmog turns at the sound of the distant horns.
diaz leaps from the truck and rolls uncomfortably.
ron and harry approach cho and her friends.
he plunges down the duct heading straight down and smashes through a vent, which is above the table of sweaters lois had repositioned to break his fall.
lester hurries out the front door, carrying a briefcase.
howard cranes the camera on him.
across the plaza, matthews, clutching a chest wound, tries to sit up.
tommy stands at the top of the basement stairs, looking down.
another far less elaborate gangplank extends from the aft section of the ship.
he knocked the table off the porch.
jackie sits across from simon's wheel chair.
a huge, gray, spiky dragon lies chained on the ground.
the town roars its approval -- jack, impotent, tries.
his eyes widen as a car comes flying towards the window.
a waiter places drinks on their table, then leaves.
lizzie is with her father.
they scowl down at him through the chain-link fence.
the clock starts striking three.
inside, he searches along more dark bookshelves.
he continues upstairs.
it looks up as they open the classroom door.
he free-falls hundreds of feet towards a river, then gets whipped back up by the heavy-duty elastic.
jenny switches the light on in the barn.
a third nurse races in, throws a straitjacket to the first nurse, hurries to one of the other beds.
then startled when darcy emerges around a corner.
he takes the bundle of clothes from mary.
a woman with similar short hair comes down a staircase, hands billie a large, brown paper bag, and follows her into the apartment.
huffing and puffing down the road with his huggies.
frodo is turning the neatly inscribed title page of a red leather bound journal.
harry starts to write with the quill in his right hand.
riddle puts a hand to his face as the powerful light for surges out of his body and lifts him of his feet.
indy pops back up through the water.
chester takes pictures.
he sees himself, along with hermione and ron, about to confront malfoy, crabbe, and goyle near the monoliths.
dillinger rubs his lips thoughtfully as he looks at tommy and nods.
it blasts flame.
close fast traveling, the sergeant's point of view.
audrey stares into the red nothingness surrounding them.
wormtail takes the knife over to the cauldron and lets the drops fall into it.
there are sounds of terrific banging and scuffling upstairs.
a small staff helping him.
he cuts harry's arm.
ryan's solitary figure is framed by one of the row of tall windows in a nondescript hotel block.
the chest opens, it contains a series of smaller chests.
mr. and mrs. wickham are sitting in the back.
holding the knife at belly level, he twists the long wide blade until he's looking at his own reflection in the polished steel.
aragorn, legolas and gimli disappear into the shadows of the mountains.
he lifts the locket from under his shirt and holds it in his hand.
whip pulls up to the apartment entrance behind nicole's car.
groggily he looks at the sleeping people all around him.
firemen are evacuating the building's occupants.
he's prepared himself to make this confession, but it's still hard.
melvin opens the door.
with what nonchalance he can muster he bends down and looks under the bed just as wick enters, a sheaf of white paper in his hand.
indy pulls henry and brody from the tank.
david shakes his head again, watching a crimson stain slowly seeping through the bandages of the other passenger.
as he begins to move the body into the refrigerator, he breaks into a wrenching spasm of coughing.
then moriarty's expression hardens.
benek points to the customer, who makes an imploring gesture to szpilman.
he breaks the surface and sees a horse panicking in the water.
one shoe is missing.
don comes out with the bottles in the paper bag.
in the bar, people singing along with the music.
he makes a move.
his mouth gaping in horror, he looks up as his body and clothes disintegrate into thousands of tiny pieces which float upwards.
they trudge towards the house.
sitting in a campaign bus, charlie and an aide watch a news report on the vehicle's tv.
evan looks around to make certain he's not being watched, then uses the security card to open the door.
moving past as donny moves through parked cars, joe, charles, cary and martin keeping up.
the crowd at ames sits stolidly in their seats, watching each player, each move.
marcus is in the air conditioning duct overlooking the security booth.
a guard in a rain poncho smokes a cigarette and sees the headlamps of the truck in the distance.
in class, bleeker swallows some tic tacs as juno appears by his side clutching her folders.
a bony hand shoots from the water and grabs his arm.
her fingers reach out, but only push it away.
cole just stares.
ryan follows natalie outside.
she replaces the necklace.
walt gets a cigarette.
next to him stands galadriel, the lady of the elves.
emily looks away.
dante walks away, shaking his head.
as they run, more spheres plummet from the shelves.
he is breathing heavy.
harry looks blank.
he leaps up, kicking off one tree trunk to grab another one's branches.
craning up past his parents standing there, up from the neighbor's house to a high shot of the neighborhood as the sounds of police sirens rise in the distance.
he looks at her slowly, almost absently.
he sees a message from ronnie from work.
he advances cautiously into the nursery, gesturing with his gun.
juno rests her head on mark's chest.
instantly, snape appears, eyes flashing hideously as he stalks forward.
jamal then reaches out and grabs a hand hold on the train.
hermione sits beside him.
he puts the digicam down and joins jane on the bed.
then david smiles, stands and moves to her.
jack enters a berth.
adrienne follows.
downtown, the four-dour automobile pulls up at the curb.
in her cabin, rose unpacks a painting.
he sniffs dubiously at his spoon.
the weapon smashes into the stone wall surrounding central park and shatters into a million pieces.
as he crosses to the house, dillinger tosses a set of keys to pete, who joins red to see the new cars.
he grimaces.
peter starts to speak.
again carefully placing his paws to avoid a crack in the sidewalk.
they share a lingering kiss.
he lowers his eyes then frowns.
an orange ball is slapped back and forth by a blade.
the women in the beret takes a ladle full of soup and passes the pot to shimon the school teacher.
under a skylight, he steps on a toy.
forrest pick up the magazine and turns the page, revealing jenny as she poses with a school sweater on, and that's all.
voldemort pulls harry to his feet, harry begins to move away.
nice guy sees mr. orange.
passing all manner of creatures, trussed up in evil web-like material.
she kisses him fondly after closing the door.
brian gazes out at don ushering his players onto their coach, patting their backs for the press.
we catch a quick glimpse of reggie as she ducks down out of sight.
soldiers hack off villagers' limbs.
the operator slides the grate shut.
he speaks into his mic.
tim sits on the edge of his bed, panting.
lockhart looks down into it, then backs away.
wild-haired moody glares at crouch with his mad, rolling eye and flickers his tongue.
she frantically undoes her seat belt, looks at michael, and notices the windscreen is being eaten.
closeup - his hands, rubbing each other getting blown dry.
bureau members stare as they march down the center aisle.
a police car drives past.
ben walks down a hospital corridor towards emily's room.
keyes takes his cigar stub from his mouth and turns it slowly in the flame of a lighted match.
and looking skyward, joe smiles.
harry, a dressing on the side of his head, crosses to peter.
a man is going along a river lane on horseback.
they go to the theater.
going up the spiral staircase, harry spots the figure through an archway: it's draco malfoy.
sarah runs along the verandah watching the spectacle.
brody is a step behind.
he turns; the last words have betrayed the smile on his face; they have a painful sense of truth about them.
she grabs fantine's cheeks and forces open her mouth to inspect her teeth.
she watches sam disappear into the office, waits until she hears the door close, then looks about for another way to reach the house.
the seven irish players zoom out in formation.
sporting a dark beard, nick walks along a street looking haggard.
charlotte puts on headphones as pete walks her to class.
graham enters and sits down between his children on the bed.
peter averts his gaze, nods his head, then looks down at the floor.
when bert sees eddie push open the glass doors, he draws himself up fearfully like a turtle, and motions with his eyes to his men for protection.
it's a mild, sunny day and lizzie is taking a walk in a field near longbourn.
ben is exhausted-looking.
renault sits at a table on the cafe terrace, watching this evening's performance.
she looks back once more at adam, then makes up her mind and starts running towards the exit.
malcolm's eyes scan the room and come to a stop on a box marked with the label.
it stretches its long leathery neck.
ron is sitting behind them.
the tendrils spread up peter's arm, covering the spider-man suit like black ivy shoot smothering a tree.
neville approaches a student, who runs to a radio.
fergus comes out.
behind her, gandhi's reception is in full spate -- silver trays, tables covered in fine linen, indian servants, a swimming pool, a small fountain, the grounds filled with indian millionaires and dignitaries gathered with their wives to meet the new hero from south africa.
gittes looks up at the red faced farmer.
he is followed by legolas and gimli.
gandalf looks down at pippin, he says nothing.
bob's tv glows with bright rolling static.
they bow and everyone applauds.
she walks the length of the street and disappears.
in the silence of the room, they bend over their cues and softly stroke out their shots.
in hagrid's cottage at the edge of the dark forest, his dog fang raises his head.
tommy spins around and flashes an evil smile.
he flings both parts off the bridge, into the chasm below.
frodo reacts to the foul stench coming out of the black hole.
he sees joe and darkens as he approaches.
he screws up the paper.
brody registers a look of surprise.
tess, in a shimmery dress, approaches from the other direction.
flint's accomplice runs up.
as they drive.
they both survey the six harry potter lookalikes.
school boy picks up his hefty weapon and follows her.
the place is crowded now, packed.
the crowd of spectators in the arena scan the sky with nervous anticipation.
they weep together.
he holds her above him with her knees bent and her toes pointed.
in the storeroom, percy lies under a white sheet.
billie eyes it, then looks to a staring co-worker.
kay straightens up, fast.
his pipe ignites a tapestry.
an ambulance punches through after it.
choppers circle the sphere in central park.
the girl moves towards a second exotic dancer on stage in front of another punter.
sam walks over to the table to pick up the glass and a fallen chair.
inside is a huge orb.
hearing voices, he heads for the stairs.
they pass lavender, a girl with curly hair.
they walk along an oaklined road.
a beam lies across her severed hulls, split open to reveal a ghostly corridor littered with debri
moody lowers his wand, withdrawing the curse.
everyone is looking at howard.
the men around them are extremely uneasy.
they share a long, loving kiss as diana enters, her sheepish eyes averted to the floor.
he goes out to meet her.
this shuts hi up.
hermione's spell stuns the snake.
he sees a streak of blood on the side of a worktop and touches it.
burton holds up his fingers in the shape of a gun.
a man snorts coke.
over them is heard the noise of the train coming into the station and its lights are seen.
now, she holds his legs from behind and bounces rapidly.
another intense, low sound -- then a high pitch hit, like metal on wood and joe backs up, nervous.
now, in broad daylight, merrill leaves his converted barn holding a large white cotton sack.
waves crash against the pinnacle and the imposing coastline in front of them.
whip turns around and his eyes fall on a fridge.
mcgonagall fires a burst of energy.
malcolm and cole are among the spattering of passengers.
a crack appears in the car park outside.
a question appears on the screen.
harry dives into a fireplace and is whisked up.
the wand pulsates with energy and a silver mist comes from it, forcing the dementors back.
bellatrix presses the dagger against hermione's throat.
graham bends down where he stands.
her eyes drift down to juno's middle.
now, jane is riding nellie through a rainstorm.
they are getting closer.
the remnants of flickering fires cast his shadow before him.
another day - the platoon shelters themselves as they walk through the wind and rain.
he leaves.
randal jumps to his feet as dante comes at him again.
they push a large briefcase towards him, and he opens it.
brian's now lying on his back in the sun.
harry stands alone, looking towards the setting sun.
the next day at the mall, bob, the manager, is doing his rounds.
she looks at him; barely audible.
everyone becomes very still.
she takes off her ring.
and now, slowly, westley begins to move.
he tries to ignore sidney, who's tapping a notebook with a pen.
he is biting his lips, unable to find another argument.
the crack of a bat announces the game-winning home run.
and he's pissed.
homer listens too.
the headwaiter gets don's hat from the checkroom girl's hand.
in the middle of the night, a stormy sea lashes a small rocky island.
lorl goes outside and closes the door.
szpilman stands and stares, then sees one of the soldiers cock his rifle and fire at him.
the intellectuals shrug and get on with their digging.
darcy is watching with amusement.
spider-man is on the flag pole at its peak.
on the watch tower, school boy has a soldier in the site of his weapon.
aragorn, legolas and gimli make their way up a gloomy canyon, shadowed by black fir trees.
he lands, slides down the tiles, then jumps again, landing heavily on a ledge.
under water, jack and rose hold hands as they tumble in the jostling current.
he turns crazily to look at another booth, then another.
gandalf hauls a small figure into the room.sam gamgee sprawls across the floor!
the sun shines on sydney's red brick building.
walt picks up his colt .45 automatic and cocks it.
he brings two down with his sword.leaping into the ruins as others close in on him.
jeep's about to fire, when the old lady's eyes go all white.
still in his chair, will wakes up a bit at a time.
he goes back, picks up the umbrella.
she jabs a needle in his stomach.
the maid shows darcy in.
cherie adjusts tony's tie.
tilting upward.
gordon struggles for height as the street rises.
the customer lets it sink in, and then leaves in a huff.
jack stands and places his hands into his trouser pockets.
mary, watching, sticks out her tongue as she passes.
their son climbs down from the train on which he departed, as it reverses into the station.
he blows dust away from the tile and tries to pry it up, but cannot.
inigo, pointing behind them.
sadie grabs her sister.
as the male dancer dips in a far stepping lunge, elise rolls fluidly over his back.
count rugen mounted, watches.
harry grips his wand.
he looks up suddenly then turns back quickly to his work.
she is amazed at her own skill.
she pulls him through the sitting room toward a door.
moriarty's bearded agent is leaning against the side of the car.
the tree-shaded dirt street of a small, one-street river town; a picturesque, mid-19th-century remnant of the old river civilization, which general progress has left behind.
she looks coldly at him.
richard goes to put a hand on sydney's shoulder, but can't bring himself to do it.
they go up to the bar.
it rises up, so he looks down on david.
the bullet clips his right flank, but he keeps running.
merrill keeps a hand on his nephew.
appearing back in the real world, sam rushes over to him.
she reaches the front door, opens it slightly, fixes the catch so that the door can be opened from outside.
pete smiles tightly as his dad cuddles the little blonde boy.
blinking, david focuses, then shrugs his hands.
elliot runs to a phone booth across the street.
filthy, matted hair hangs to his shoulders.
chili examines the cover, the first time he's ever held a movie script.
graham hurries down some stairs into the gloomy basement and slams the door shut.
his hands pushing against the door, its olive green paint peeling.
she leans in towards the patient's crotch.
he stops before him politely.
he spills her drink.
he spots edward walking back into the tent.
they come to a swing set and sit down on the swings.
skeeter looks down at her lap.
then the boy takes the woman's hand and puts it in his father's before setting off down the corridor.
an equally young severus snape emerges from a large tree trunk.
rising, david stares at him.
holmes goes over to her.
marius stands before valjean, alone in this more private room.
they turn to look at bobbie, and their eyebrows shoot up in unison.
michelle moves away.
they stop laughing, and look deeply into each other's eyes.
he shifts gear and moves through traffic in the narrow street.
he sees szpilman and stops.
at a tailor's, walt is fitted for a suit.
adrian stares forlornly as anheuser walks off.
carolyn is driving; jane stares out the window.
abby waves a giant foam hand that she picked up at the game.
there is a break in the action.
he makes a little comment to himself as he moves.
szpilman glances back, sees that it's majorek singing.
man #4 tries to grab forrest, but forrest shoves him down too.
we are in peacock alley.
as she stares out of the window, memories of darcy pass through her mind.
continues to watch.
the elf shakes his head sadly.
a stunning looking sixteen-year-old girl with dyed-black hair and a piercing or three, is leaning seductively over the jukebox, swaying gently to the music.
david stretches as he feels on the top shelf.
harry lets his hand slide down over his belly, taking his time, wanting to show that he has it together now.
at the hill's crest, the clean-cut lawman stops and watches the outlaw run between two rows of trees.
sam bursts through the trees and runs toward the lake.frodo is already paddling away.
the hood is drenched with sweat.
in her bathroom, abby runs her fingers through her long, blonde hair.
he stares at the mobile, which lies beside him on the bed.
the next morning whip walks through the lobby of a hotel, cane in hand.
he moves cautiously into the hall.
he places a gun on the table and tuvia takes it.
the dude is at the bar, a bottle of kalhua frozen halfway to his glass.
he answers his phone.
the real harry steps out of the front door with hedwig on his arm.
cala looks at the boys and points.
they pass through it out some french doors along a trellised walkway to a large pond with running water.
sophie is slender and beautiful.
bassam calls on his mobile.
in the cabin, andrews sits at his desk.
he looks at her with an air of sadness as she strolls to his hotel room door.
across the room, call center managers walk around, monitoring staff calls.
over this we hear lisa's voice.
an empty carriage arrives at longbourn.
jody looks at him and says as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
the mother ignores it, beats a retreat.
he turns and walks into the house.
she pulls some bills from a bundle of cash.
harry and hermione run past ron into the kitchen.
harken turns and walks away.
twisted branches loom out of the darkness, throwing weird and frightening shadows.
peter sees a crowd of people milling around on the sidewalk.
joe and cary run through the semi-demolished neighborhood, many houses shattered, some cars obliterated.
nearby, a group of frightened french people cluster around a loudspeaker on a wagon.
gandalf looks at frodo, sadly.
the entire bus is rocked, charles screams, hurt -- at the front of the bus, nelec falls -- hits a bench, then.
he raises his arms at the desk and the display case head.
suddenly thelma fires the gun, blowing two holes into the trunk cover.
thao, sue and their mother leave their house.
but he is dressed as what he is!
fletcher tries to speak and then collapses over a piece of wreckage.
don gives him the money and picks up the bottles like a miser grabbing gold.
sam spots the elevator stuck on the seventh floor.
she nods to mr. bingley, then leaves the room, followed by mary and kitty.
gatsby goes to the other side of the room to answer the phone.
westley picks her up, carrying her across some swamp water that is bridged by a narrow, rickety tree branch.
she closes the magazine she was reading and gets to her feet.
she nods pensively.
he looks up it.
shivering, rose clings to jack as she looks down at the sinking ship.
he quietly closes the door behind him.
they grab him.
following the sound, harry bumps into ron and hermione.
they stand together, as so often before.
whip removes the blanket covering the windshield and switches on the lights.
she waits, arms folded.
daisy washes up in the kitchen.
the crows scatter to the skies.
he closes his eyes, concentrating.
vanessa moves her hand, wanting desperately to feel the baby.
merrill, morgan, and bo are already eating in a pizza restaurant when graham comes in and sits at their table.
she puts her bag down on a table.
a nervous debbie approaches a hostess.
dropping frodo.
camera moves with george as he comes into the scene.
they walk on together.
the tank gun fires again, showering them both with gunpowder and debris.
the wine stands untouched.
karen shakes her head.
the rebuffed cop looks to richardson, then walks away.
outside, there is chaos on the streets as people and military personnel hurry to and fro.
fred leans towards george.
renault stops dead in his tracks, and turns around.
halina tries to comfort her.
the tiny ring lands with a heavy thud on the wooden floor.
as the night wears on, benjamin drifts off to sleep.
forrest drops his books and runs down the road.
as she turns to lizzie, her smile fades and she glares fiercely.
he turns and sees ron coming out of the cubicle, transformed into fat-faced, dumpy crabbe.
kate makes her way through the crowded dining area.
his pants are undone in the front.
john looks up from pebble-skimming and loosens his tie.
a young redhead at the wheel of a blue convertible 1962 cadillac speeds along a dirt track bisecting a wide field.
he shoos the elderly couple out of their compartment.
she pulls on his bindings to release him.
shivering, he gazes at the sword, takes a breath, and drops feet first through the hole in the ice.
melvin appears impressed.
the guests have departed.
then we hear a snipping sound o.s.
then she looks at fergus.
as harry stares down at the paper, a spot of blood drops onto it.
with that, sam lifts frodo on to his shoulders and starts to climb mount doom!
she moves quickly to the dresser and begins opening the drawers to check them.
graham looks at the majestic dog.it's shivering.
bassam walks along the track with nizar.
suddenly, a ghostly head appears in the middle of the table.
dyer looks ahead calmly.
they force open the door.
king george looks in horror, as fletcher grabs bull's rifle.
her handbag is next to the suitcase.
he puts the newspaper to one side.
kayleigh and evan walk down toward the house.
she stands on a cliff before a cloudy sky.
he turns his head suddenly at the sound of lisa coming out of the kitchen.
the man enters the bedroom.
he takes ken's hands.
they pull up outside harken's palatial home and park in the shadows.
skip is thrown through the windscreen.
mickey's father comes back on screen; he's carrying a plate of hors d'oeuvres and an empty glass towards the kitchen.
then he's inundated with a rush of water which pours over him, knocks off his hat, carries him down the channel, banging into its banks, as he desperately tries to grab some of the overgrowth to hang on and pull himself out.
he turns back slowly, smiling to himself.
he is deeply moved.
the green army jacketed man looks back at elijah with a blank expression pushing through the turnstile.
camera drifts through the silent room, over an ocean of sleeping bags, finds harry lying awake, staring at the net of stars glimmering beyond the highest window.
then walks from behind the counter with a trash bag in his hand.
we track alongside.
he looks down at some hospital admission forms and test results.
holden's shaking his head.
it is martini's place, but almost unrecognizable.
a smile slowly spreads across jenny's face.
he's seen someone he recognises.
inside dillinger's room, a framed religious icon hangs on the wall over his bed as he rests.
he fires and falls into the ocean.
wynn watches him go, then hurries back into the building.
walt opens his front door to a teenager, thao.
he sends venom flying through some walls with a flick of his sky stick.
heralding the arrival of the bingley party, an awestruck hush descends upon the room.
kurt picks up bobby's razor.
ben wakes, sees preacher, and hits him so hard in the face that he falls from bunk to floor.
david in his pajama bottoms gets up.
they gaze at each other.
at this moment, perhaps because of the jostling of some of the people on the other side of the tree, a little silver bell on the christmas tree swings to and fro with a silvery tinkle.
thelma is breathless, drunk and giggly.
marius' brow is arched and his face wracked with anguish.
harry closes the egg.
two girls overtake him and giggle.
we look down with edward, who is drifting right for the stage.
he tosses it on the seat beside him and turns on the ignition.
he glances at it, and holds his arms out.
harry's scarred face looks up at peter, and he shakes his head.
the road is narrower.
bernie backs out of the driveway.
he takes her head in his hands and kisses her.
sarah and drover continue to kiss passionately.
thomas looks away.
we are pulling carl as he walks toward the car.
darryl is fumbling with the phone.
he bites kyle in the neck.
shirtless, he holds a roll of toilet paper in his hand.
she glances away, then back.
lizzie hides a look of amusement as the dance continues.
her lips trembling, hilly holds aibileen's firm gaze, then runs off into the next room.
the clerk turns and says in a moderately loud voice.
daylight spills in through the tall windows as benjamin strolls calmly to the water's edge.
dumbledore puts his wand to his throat.
she and bleeker exchange glances as they play.
sitting with a cigarette burning in an ashtray beside him, al-saleem slots a sim card into a mobile phone and replaces the battery.
he pulls a wand from his stick and advances on harry.
he enters his room, puts down his bags and the liquor, and sits on his rusted brass bed.
he sits at a table, his back towards us, mumbling over his bible.
the green meanie easily just punches the cops with his fist.
lewis grabs a soldier by the leg and pulls him over, head- butts him unconscious and spits on him contemptuously.
they reach the end of the driveway.
john stands still.
harry's snowy owl, hedwig, flies along the valley.
the mustached subordinate peers after his boss with a faint smile.
rachel sits on the screened porch, awake, gun on knees.
they stand close to each other about to kiss, then gatsby moves back.
in a living room, a boy is lies over a sofa, his feet over the back, his head hanging down to the floor, flicking through tv channels with the remote, upside down.
edwards, stunned, looks at kay as 4-eyes boots her onto the screen: mean face, cat glasses.
there is also a pile of bejeweled cat collars.
sidney runs off.
we see the worn jungle gym.
it's raining outside.
malcolm enters the living room and smiles at what he sees.
they have landed on something soft.
pierced by arrows, gwarp drops umbridge.
he jumps off.
he is struck from behind.
mike puts the phone on hold.
he turns.
as carson moves carefully across the darkened stage near the footlights, looking for reggie.
we're zoomed in on a badge, it depicts cedric on a bright yellow background.
he goes out, shutting the door behind him.
through the bubbles, a pole appears, poking down from a blurred figure at the pool side.
fergus takes his place in the chair beside jody.
on the main floor, they walk briskly across the room, reaching a giant screen on the far wall.
several more drums come indy's way.
they stand grumpily, side by side.
fedora's comrades practically salivate at the sight of it.
a television shows president reagan and his staff as they react to gunshots in front of a limo.
they drive through a little stand of buildings.
ben's saloon pulls up outside emily's.
he turns and swims toward open water.
he pauses and checks his flier.
eddie just stares at her.
he picks up the phone.
the baby looks goggle-eyed at each one.
the young man hangs up, turns around and sits down to an overflowing plate of eggs and meat, potatoes and toast, the counterman refills his cup and the young man ties into the breakfast, eating it with such relish that susan can't take her eyes off him.
in a tidy restaurant kitchen, kate, a pretty brunette in her late 30s, ties a dazzling white chef's apron around her waist.
pippin drops to his knee offering denethor his sword.
the office vibrates with an aura of crisis as george enters and proceeds directly toward his father's office.
he lowers the bar again and again straightens his arms, while joseph stares.
meanwhile, a guy in a ball cap enters the green room.
she heads off into the night.
the orange light glows in the huge robot's head as the reapers approach.
minnie folds down the top of a brown paper bag and hands it to celia.
the door sign shifts from closed to open.
john scrambles up, grabs an oar, and holds it defensively.
we see that there is a remaining key on the board.
graham's silver station wagon drives along the freeway, and passes a large modern church.
the two ladies curtsy.
reaches and snags a chain on lenny's passing boot.
phyllis puts a few cakes of soap into her basket.
mrs. bennet waves her handkerchief at him as mr. bingley sets off.
he starts down the step.
kate follows her and gets in beside her.
the reward posters for harry undesirable number one swirl around the atrium almost engulfing yaxley.
he looks down at the police, making the point stick.
the boy turns to the apprehensive sarah.
nathan is staring toward his desk.
then, abruptly, the tunnel ends.
shooting past neff sitting behind the wheel of his car the car hop hangs a tray on the door and serves him a bottle of beer.
the maitre d' takes this as the signal.
hating the scrubbing.
a gondolier sings as he steers his gondola carrying two passengers past indy's window.
fantine walks down the steps with short hair, mocked by the voices of the whores on either side.
a spot-lit dancer twirls enormous multicolored feathers.
the angel's wings retract with clockwork-like precision.
graham hess slowly rises to his feet.
he peers through the window and sees an ocean liner passing the other way.
the crowd parts to reveal none other than edward bloom.
she raises her eyebrows, imploring him to go in.
glen at the top of the stoop, turns out to the yard.
it leaps through the open window.
benjamin goes to the next window, so that he can track her progress.
merrill walks out the door of the army recruiting office.
the man, ravache, is eating.
rose closes the door.
peter jumps free of the hoverboard and shoots a web thread to the top of a skyscraper.
hermione, harry and ron sit at a table.
the file appears to be full of newspaper cuttings.
carrying the plate away, zoe greets leah with her baby.
one sailor slides down a rope.
peter leaves the car, then enters the theater.
the sewerage gets deeper.
the small pincer releases the sphere, which floats in the air between the four pillars of the machine.
then she drops her robe and steps into the tub and turns the shower on.
featuring gandhi and walker, pyarelal just behind them all glancing ahead at the police, who are now quite near.
the boards squeal and creak, but he continues on.
her hand is placed in a man's.
the colonel watches, incredulous.
he wears smart, polished brown leather shoes and a maroon suit.
he enters the apartment turns on the living room lights.
harry sees himself as voldemort.
eventually, darcy pulls out a chair and sits down.
he turns back and stares in the direction of the house.
they're standing close together, but only their lips touch.
larry takes some of the food she's throwing out.
he turns to look at the stern.
the babes head off.
a couple of them try to stop them but they ignore the men's protests.
on the bridge on a flat roof top they watche a computer image of mount everest.
the guard driving looks at the shadow alongside the van as the mass of sand forms into a human shape standing on the roof.
valjean uses the knife to cut javert free.
vanessa is obviously entertaining some worse-case scenarios.
vincent takes out a roll of money that would choke a horse to death.
walter pops the latches on his attache case and takes out the homework, which is now in a ziploc bag.
laurie sits there.
three punkers--a girl with pink hair, a girl with a spiked mohawk, and a guy with stevie wonder braids and sunglasses--watch and bop their heads to the sounds of the offscreen rock band, the 39 steps.
ron looks at hermione and harry.
brian keeps his wary eye fixed on the players.
she's talking to her friend.
as a bird, it comes to rest.
she leaps on him and straddles him.
ezra, an attractive man with an aquiline nose and longish brown hair, sips his drink then self-consciously smooths down his hair, unaware of ben standing over him.
he and natalie get out.
he pretends to drop the baby in front of latika.
mounted police ride in to break up the crowd.
gandhi has listened to it all with a growing sense of despair.
the ring glinting in gollum's hand.
gavroche goes.
fabienne gives butch a sweet long kiss.
he surveys the diner, the garage, the roof -- assessing the situation.
the bride's dress is ripped.
both clap their hands.
on to another table where two conspirators talk.
he plants his hands on his head and heads away across the sodden compound.
armed germans go after asael, but their bullets whiz past him.
the figure and arrows on the screen show carl which moves to execute.
the nazi soldier knocks henry into a pile of boxes, then punches him in the face.
merry's face visible under the cape looking.
up on the back wheel, carl crashes through a barrier and heads out of the hospital car park.
he stares, wide-eyed at silent bob.
she sets it in a dock.
evan's in agony as kayleigh opens a series of dorm doors and lenny rushes evan's wheelchair through.
still staring at the other figure, david slowly shakes his head.
she takes his arm.
godse moves his right hand rapidly from the stance of prayer to his jacket, in an instant -- it holds a gun, and he fires point blank at gandhi -- loud, startling -- once, twice, thrice.
buildings collapse as the whole state breaks apart and slides beneath the water.
night, sidney gazes out through the window of a sleek black automobile as it glides through manhattan.
carl spits out a lime.
westley lies as before, not a muscle has moved, his head is still on the headboard, yellin's sword at his side.
pretending to be her bitchy sister.
he wins the game.
realizing the balloon is now soaring upwards.
as he's loading the purse with bills, she's taking beef jerky from the display and putting it in there, too, while she points the gun at the cashier.
joe seems to drift away now, they lie together as one but for the first time, she feels separate from him, sensing him gone to some distant, distant land.
cabinets are left open.
it forces him to half-whisper something he hasn't at all said to himself.
as he does so, holden, leaning beside the fallen mathews alongside barnes, glances across and sees him.
nick walks up, holding his invitation.
it crashes against the stone platform and splashes into the water.
the child picks up the receiver.
chili says nothing, sits down in one of the red leather chairs.
ferris sips his coffee as bassam drives.
she leans against him as he rubs her arm, soothingly.
crack - from afar, the foreground lizard is blown away.
the gentlemen and ladies bow and curtsy to each other.
snatching a bat from a beater, he deliberately hits a bludger straight to oliver, who falls backwards through the hoop.
rambo wades up the stream.
bemused willie shakes his hand.
renault rings a buzzer and the door is opened for them.
he walks away.
bob and lynda enter the house.
they watch as kitty jumps from the swing into the arms of an officer.
the petrol washes pools of blood over the side of the boat.
the door is opened by gloria.
he trains the beam .
in the main body of the bus, a technical sergeant has been knocked cold.
zed's hand inches toward the weapon.
he strides past mickey towards the kitchen.
they move to the door.
the fourth platoon makes their way through the jungle and rain.
all the men are drinking tea.
she gazes up at him.
he grabs the tartan blanket lying on top of the bed and hauls it over him.
a man waves at miranda and turns to emily.
they stop at the entrance to the den.
they head to wilson's garage.
taking out her wand.
the magistrate looks around the courtroom and is only too aware of the mob outside.
the figure stands and pulls back the hood to reveal elrond.
the monitor reveals the baby's head.
alone, szpilman stands, lost for a moment.
he looks up, alarmed.
the girl pirouettes.
lt. dan stares out the window.
the row of gray-haired men in blazers rise.
don stands helpless for a moment, then, feeling the woman's intrusive stare, straightens up.
denethor slams the door shut.
the two begin kicking the door together -- on three -- one -- two -- crash!
rambo takes a hit and falls from the machine-gun platform.
some of the women look at him curiously and smile.
lizzie's face is a picture of joy, while even mr. darcy's usual stern expression has softened into a beaming smile.
carl is driving.
seeing her, joe smiles.
harry keeps staring into the basin.
she looks at him, he smiles, nods, but doesn't release her until she smiles back.
harry flies through the explosion, shielding his eyes.
the limo has rolled to a stop.
the two lanes ahead are blocked.
close shot -- grandpierre as he winces.
then, they both look up at the willow tree above them.
from the way fergus walks through, it is obvious he has never been here at night.
she winks at constantine, who is nodding approvingly by the door.
her jaw drops and quivers with excitement at the sight of a green chiffon scarf draped around the neck of a faceless fashion mannequin.
she moves away, suddenly insecure.
he and sarah move slowly towards each other.
the old man looks down on the homestead from his hilltop.
neville's eyes are tight shut.
they walk down a corridor.
the top button of his pale green shirt is undone.
he takes the bills and change from his pocket, puts it on the bar.
he faces the street, strikes the match, and lights his cigar.
phyllis smiles faintly and covers the anklet with her dress.
the man, marwan, hani's bodyguard, leads ferris through a meeting room.
walter's eyes are on the road as he listens, driving, to the dude, whose speech is occasionally punctuated by yaps from the back seat.
he falls heavily.
everett squints and shakes his head.
he looks at his son whose eyes are wide.
the eight-year-old child reaches into his pocket and slips on a pair of very large glasses.
it begins to rain.
phyllis and neff go toward the davenport.
well placed in front of the goal, angelina catches the quaffle and hurls it straight through the center of the hoop, past the helpless slytherin keeper.
the running team sprint around the track.
he sits back down as thao helps the woman.
the four by four swings out of its parking bay, and accelerates off down the road.
the kids enter, with screams of delight.
she twitches slightly but doesn't wake.
he puts the door knob down on a shelf.
he rushes onto the bed and kisses his wife.
it's morning, and the sun shines brightly.
the dude, in the back seat of a taxicab that rocks and squeaks with every bump, is gingerly touching at sore spots on his face and scalp.
boromir smiles at frodo, ruffling his hair.
it sits on a tee in the middle of a football field.
swiftly valjean grabs a gun and shoots up at them sending them scattering.
andy ponders for a moment, then turns and walks off in the opposite direction.
venom swings into spider-man and knocks him through the windscreen, tearing off the roof.
banky is smiling ear-to-ear.
the cab drives off.
walsh rises when gittes enters.
harry and peter fly towards her on the sky stick, weaving past the sandy hulk.
a group of the pirates sit on a veranda overlooking the river.
klaatu leads the way, followed by helen, trying to keep up and holding jacob's hand.
cole is playing behind the couch.
his body is ghostly pale except for a v-area at his neck and his arms below the short-sleeve line, which are a bright angry red.
harry kicks his trunk.
charlie turns to the guard.
he vanishes beyond trees, his singing more distant.
he curls up under the covers contentedly.
asael smiles with relief.
balloons fly and fireworks go off.
he walks out of the booth, reacting, then walks down the sidewalk, where he bumps into a frantic lee, just turning the corner.
the only sounds, the weeping of the people opposite and, nearer, mother crying softly.
thao turns to a grim-faced walt and shakes his head.
floor spins up at us and then away; ceiling spins up and away; the length of the alley with pins at the end; floor; ceiling; approaching pins; again and again.
tommy, fabrizio, and others follow running rats down a hallway.
looking tanned and healthy, benjamin and daisy carry luggage up the front steps of the retirement home.
gladys tips her table.
he consults the policies he is holding.
emily approaches andy's desk.
at sight of the composer they break into sustained applause.
they're stopped by the closing gate.
a line of ticket holders snakes towards two turnstiles where stadium crew are ripping tickets.
arms quivering, eyes tight shut, face twisted, he presses it up to full extension.
kurt finishes up in the bathroom.
he takes it out of the envelope and takes out his glasses before reading it.
aunt may in her dressing gown comes to the doorway and softly comes in.
9 nazgul dive out of the dim sky, clad in battle.
it's printed on aged parchment-type paper.
mickey starts pounding the door again as the movie cuts to: a beautiful snow-covered church downtown, complete with courtyard and wrought-iron fence.
beside them, the river; in the background the business of the ashram goes on.
wick turns toward don, who has followed helen to the entrance hall.
the man lifts ferris's hood and holds a cup of water to his lips.
he stops when sacha brings the drink to laszlo.
they start to eat them, greedily smacking their lips, stuffing the cakes into their mouths.
the students watch with baited breath.
brian turns back to the press.
he is on the verge of collapse.
crouched on the lawn, graham, holding his son across his thighs, adjusts the syringe.
harry writes again.
a ball of fire hurtles to the ground, creating a flaming circle around the house.
he throws himself at gollum.
pappy is considering the crowd.
joe can no longer control himself.
he turns to his agent as he autographs the book.
gandalf drops the ring into frodo's hand.he reacts to its weight.
tracking the tray behind him.
later, carrying a briefcase, the well-groomed businessman walks through an enclosed courtyard and enters an office building.
two other women sit at a table.
filch tips the painting to one side.
her hand slips into his coat pocket and removes the grail diary.
high above, dobby unscrews a chandelier.
joe stands up fast, faces a mountain of twisted steel -- upside-down train cars piled frighteningly around him.
walt stares at the house, eyes narrowed.
ba catches it and sends it back, warmer, less complicated by doubts.
donnie has nodded off.
salim stares at a pensive jamal, then wraps an arm around him.
he approaches the phone hesitantly, undecided whether or not to answer it.
a priest hurries to the radio hut.
it has a terrible sobriety.
sarah is in the washroom.
a man and a woman in the crosswalk scurry out of their way.
it is somewhat smaller than a tennis ball.
three passing hmong youths make no attempt to help her.
he opens the chamber -- the gun.
he looks up in terror as gandalf looms over him.
emily blinks and begins to look drowsy.
an uneasy silence descends, during which mrs. bennet winks at kitty and lizzie, gesturing to jane and mr. bingley.
later, as dusk is falling, a carriage pulls away from pemberley, waved off by mr. bingley, mr. darcy, and georgiana.
one escapee gets shot despite a barrage of gun fire from dillinger and his armed cohorts.
edward ducks a bit so the mayor can put the key around his neck.
spread before them is a feast of breads, meats and wine.
ruth turns to her two maids.
covered in sewerage, valjean holds marius onto his shoulder and climbs up steps out of the sewer.
the camera moves back to reveal mickey, his back to the camera, sitting in front of father flynn's desk.
ryan wakes up in bed.
as a girl passes, he turns and watches her for a moment.
she smiles as she sees zoe walking out on her own.
captain mike and benjamin are on the snow-covered deck.
father salieri receives his plate of fish and starts to eat greedily.
bleeker is sitting next to his bed, noodling on the guitar.
cal is in a diy store with robbie and molly.
jack grabs rose's hand and runs through the crowed
harry points across the street to the cafe med where we see a red ferrari convertible parked out the front.
mozart takes it absently and goes on talking.
hearing the sirens, he turns to the window.
hanging mid-swing, he flicks his wrists.
randal pops his head in and makes the loud slurping noise again.
as it floats in the water, a hummingbird flies past it.
molly and jack gaze into a full-length mirror.
kyle and audrey spin to look out over the back side of the diner.
all he can see are the bottoms of a couple shelves in the corner of the pantry.
evan smiles with the cigarette pressed tightly between his lips and places his hands over kayleigh's ears.
peter is pushed out of the room.
elsewhere, women are sitting at sewing machines.
john's head is hung in defeat.
the unmasked spider-man watches as the four limbs raise octavius aloft and carry him, as they lumber towards the golden orb floating in the fusion chamber.
going to a wall, he takes down a framed piece of artwork.
she blows a kiss.
two men swing each other around on the platform as couples dance.
bart wears a hard derby.
fats allows a perfunctory bow of his head, a courtly gesture, to eddie's manager.
he holds his hand out.
the triwizard competitors pace restlessly in their tent as dumbledore announces the contest.
the page shows a beautifully illuminated picture of what might be a stained-glass window.
metal panels are sucked off the walls.
water rushes in, knocking the man over.
two men in body suits grab him under his arms and drag him back to his chair.
rooney gets into the bed and shushes peter.
they emerge in a basement room.
in the gym, they watch the basketball team practice.
she is laughing, and he is answering her in angry tones.
they fail to notice dillinger, who strides around a parked car and returns to his vehicle.
he offers a napkin.
the biker is shaking his head; he doesn't think they went that way.
a chill goes through her body.
peter pushes harry's head up into the path of the sky stick.
nicks walks through the neglected garden and along the dock.
sandra is watering the garden.
the parsonage at hunsford stands resplendent in the sunshine.
from his window, rick watches the revolving beacon light at the airport.
he glances at the elderly professor who nods.
cary opens his backpack, whips out a fourth of july sparkler.
she waves at david.
harry turns and sees a strange creature behind him.
school boy lifts his rifle off the tree and searches the area using the sight.
the male singer knees and cradles the body of a woman.
once again, he scrutinizes his wrist.
they dash into the elevator.
at the wedding, jane crouches down to be the same height as the japanese bridesmaids.
tommy and kayleigh load popcorn and drinks onto evan's lap as lenny pushes the wheelchair.
tina sticks her tongue out.
frodo struggling against his bonds, as gorbag climbs back into the room.
he sits up to find.
as he talks, lee is seen turning on the bathroom light.
dumbledore has vanished into the whiteness.
the commander watches, his eyes hidden behind his sunglasses.
delmar, though stunned, is faster to size things up.
then a newscast shows on a tv.
the women cower.
neff is entirely alone.
peter is beside him.
the doctor lowers the baby to his lap and unwraps him.
decides they are no good, and returns to his carpet sweeping.
harry stands utterly still, wand extended to the heavens.
robbie is standing in the front garden.
ron hurls a length of metal pipe.
indy looks back at the missing tail section, then at his father.
elliot turns back to the sink, once again obscured by the partially closed door.
n board, laura comes out of the president's cabin,
when he reaches a corner, a young beggar girl stops him to ask for money.
they approached a burly man.
carney frowns and the salon women stare in awe as the street fills with cattle.
voldemort slides the wand slowly from dumbledore's hands.
her head goes limp, but the gun goes on firing.
neff walks away from the piano and takes a few steps back and forth across the rug.
jenny looks down to the intersection below.
cary finally sparks his zippo into life.
the room is hung with streamers.
the furnishings are spare given the space.
on screen, elizabeth grins.
ahead is the summit of cirith ungol.
the car is an early 1930s morris minor.
lightning sets the broomstick of a gryffindor player on fire.
stokes is also staring at the band, frowning.
the volunteers stand up in the boat, collect their belongings and begin to disembark.
the professor is not just studying it, he is copying it into his own notebook.
harry crosses to the window, and looks out.
from the darkness of the back yard lester springs forward into camera, snarling and barking viciously.
the boys break a classroom door window and enter.
on the porch, gatsby holds up a hand.
she looks perplexed.
as he passes the burlesque house he sees bert the cop standing beside his police car.
rambo leads sarah under the wooden bridge over the stream.
he batters them away.
a sailor pulls the woman on deck.
and she's gone.
his face is covered with sweat.
ben dressed differently, stands by the window overlooking the backyard.
morgan and bo sit in the back of a car.
he finds it stocked with juices and nonalcoholic beverages.
their attention is drawn to an elaborate horsedrawn carriage proceeding down the other side of the street.
in the bedroom, a dark-haired boy wearing round glasses is looking at an unusual photo album.
a woman painting her nails, another scratching her arm, another using a nail file add to the crescendo of sound.
he looks up the vertiginous tower as if he were at the deep of a deep well.
black spider-man lands on the street and sees a trail of sand slithering down the grating.
upturned face, her eyes growing larger and larger.
a ladder leads up to the air vent.
through a hole in the wall, jamal sees hundreds of men women and children flock to the runway.
later in his room, peter is in the shower with the water streaming over his tightly closed eyes.
he hurriedly carries inez out of the room, and puts her into a wheelchair and wheels her past reception.
vincent walks forward out of frame, never giving butch another glance.
she moves close.
the agent shifts his rueful gaze.
ben starts the car forward down the driveway.
yellin stands on a wagon in the midst of all the scuffling.
another jump cut as a soldier offers a bucket of food to the alien -- it's woodward.
she turns and aims her wand at harry.
as he stares.
on the control bridge, adriane and laura watch horrified as members of the crowd outside plunge off the boarding platform into the pit.
a train track is thus revealed in the distance.
running across the driveway to the garage.
the boys start back to their rooms.
harry sees her go and follows.
later, lizzie is sitting reading in her room.
she cries.
hilly shoves the plate at minnie.
ernie sticks his head out form the driver's seat.
he turns back, takes off his checked shirt and hands it to her.
they arrive at a meeting area surrounded by clear glass panels.
willie listens to the back of the safe and taps it.
still creeping in.
he steps towards tuvia, who's looking at the blood on his fingers.
it is crowded.
they head across the street to the 7-eleven.
he removes a cigar from his desk and inserts it into his mouth.
her temper barely held in check.
dot spins and smacks glen across the face with her purse.
pappy o'daniel emerges from the car with his retinue - eckard, spivey and junior.
tony watches harry drinking.
draco nervously opens his cabinet door.
then the sound of recorded music, as a car, with a loudspeaker and a polish national flag, comes into view, the polish national anthem blaring out from the speaker.
michael's bloody lips twitch.
joseph just stares at his father.
he sits facing carl.
octavius is back on the rampage.
he dumps some ice cubes into the glasses.
the atrium is busy.
he gurgles blood and shakes.
a young private tosses a playboy magazine onto forrest.
rambo clamps lewis on the shoulder and the hooded man jumps off, taking cover between the two huts.
he skims another.
molly advances wildly, and strikes bellatrix several times.
pulls a large carrot, almost broken through in the middle, out from his back pocket.
he hands willie a roughly carved bit of wood with a ribbon round it.
rooney goes to the fridge.
salim stands at the front of the crowd hemmed in by security.
he carries a spirit-type bottle of golden-brown booze in his hand.
we now see that the girl has a small hat with a veil, and an ornate corsage pinned to her light blue tailored suit.
peter, crossing the road, turns and looks back.
a few steps away, he turns.
andy holds out a folder, which miranda ungraciously accepts.
mark walks over to his music collections
the young woman sits down, glances at some leaflets, drops them in the seat pocket, straightens her shoulder-length brown hair, tucks down her top, sits back, and closes her eyes.
she half-turns to him.
he holds it up.
his little helper shakes his head despairingly.
rugen watches as his warriors bring westley to him.
as he backs away from the advancing alien, a rocking board breaks under him.
30-something emily lies asleep in her hospital bed in shadowy light.
the elderly woman looks at the magazine and at forrest with surprise.
kids jump over it.
she smiles and puts down the phone.
on the show, he's wearing a gorilla suit.
instead, we hold on edward as he witnesses his death.
ben looks down at his outfit.
the man turns and joins a second man.
bert shifts uneasily in his chair and we hear the pool balls knock together, then slowly roll down the track through the belly of the table.
evan pets the dog as he watches his mother work.
they cover their ears.
howard sits up catching anna.
julie and jim walk up the aisle, arm-in-arm.
the footman approaches moriarty and hands him holmes' letter.
ron is sitting alone.
suddenly we hear someone trying to open a locked door.
he drops to his knees to gather everything.
we get a better view of the salesman waiting while his connection is being made.
don birnam, in a light summer suit, paces up and down the lobby.
kate stands up.
tommy slams the door closed.
thelma looks over at the bar where harlan is grinning at her, making dancing motions.
she pours it out, saying nothing.
henry looks shocked and horrified.
he gets to the door.
all four look up.
annina sees rick and goes to his table.
mozart is actually playing the final movement of his e-flat concerto with an orchestra.
she takes a breath.
count rugen, looking across the room at inigo.
they notice the creature is holding what appears to be a severed human leg.
the witch king extends a haggard hand towards frodo, reaching for the ring on his finger.
the logo fades away to black.
they make their way past chefs, busy at worktops, until they're stopped and searched by some other man.
she motions for edward to lean down, so she can whisper something to him.
rose holds out her engagement ring.
as he gets closer to the customer, he realizes that the man is in a wheelchair.
a red flag is thrown to marius.
he frowns and checks his palm, too.
she hangs her bag on a hook by the door, drops her keys into the bowl and begins to remove her coat.
harry enters the rocky arena.
the key falls to the floor.
tom and nick watch them dance.
sam motions lila to wait, to hold still, then goes on to the office, opens the door, calls in.
fergus takes out the umbrella.
he begins to move away along the embankment, up steps, towards a bridge.
then the salesman turns and moves to the center of the room.
tuvia's hardened eyes flicker as he looks up aron and the people he has brought.
his back is to the archway as he hears high heels clicking on the staircase.
on the brightly decorated peer, kevin is among the guests.
a terrible light comes into frodo's eyes as he stares into the earnest eyes of sam.
they use torches to search the rainy night.
he glances back to his friends in the street.
he faces his wife.
it yawns at camera, only a trickle of water dropping into the ocean.
he turns back to the stove and flips the bologna.
rebecca's slipped an arm into a coat hanging on the rail, and she's trying to reach the letter.
the brighton chairman extends his hand to shake.
thurmond opens a box on his bed.
vincent takes a bite of food.
this subdues gittes a little.
his eyes well up, then he glances down at the black spider- man suit under his dark open neck shirt.
dan and michelle lie asleep in each other's arms.
brackett turns and walks back to the street.
stunned, he slowly lowers the phone receiver.
upon the hill rise many mighty mallorn trees, taller than any others.nestled high in the crown of the mallorns is a beautiful city.
sediment rains down like snow over the wreck, which appears covered in a layer of grayish ash.
yuri's pilot sasha marches over.
he quickly unlocks the grill door and pushes it open.
they sit on the davenport, fairly close together.
back in the interrogation room, billie sits with her head down.
armed special branch officers dressed in black run across wasteland.
she holds him.
the whomping willow waves its branches menacingly.
they face a set of double doors.
looks out the window to where he can see dil staggering down the street, through the crowds that have gathered.
two young boys look up from the seat.
jimmy strolls off, leaving peter frowning at brian.
then a punching white.
michael closes his eyes.
jamal and the host walk to their chairs positioned at the center of the studio stage.
he waves both arms as if conducting a symphony orchestra.
cheryl, a heavy-set waitress, reluctantly moves to his table -- unseen by melvin as he takes out his utensils and arranges them.
he heads towards the kitchen, then turns back to her.
she holds up her hand.
she carries john towards the house.
it hits his head and bounces away.
he opens a door and enters.
the man in black, leaping from his ship to the rope, starting to climb.
the bug just keeps moving toward the ladder.
the malfoys stand nearby.
gittes smiles a little sheepishly.
he stops and looks up.
holmes watches and twitches his shoulders in time with the music.
arthur, amos and cedric come down more gracefully.
in the house, curtains sway in the breeze as connie sits reading a letter.
jody, vincent and a young woman named trudi sit at the kitchen table of a suburban house in echo park.
with a shrill shriek of hatred, he knocks eowyn backwards with his mace!
skeeter replaces the receiver, grinning as if she'd just won the jackpot.
harry follows the merperson as it leads him above the jagged rocks on the bottom of the lake.
molten gold pours from the lip of an iron ladle.
gandalf looks from on to the other of the, gathered company.
jack smiles, then closes his eyes and winces.
jacob kicks leaves away from one of the graves and dust off the headstone with his glove.
he's sprawled on the stairs on his back, head downwards.
suddenly we see the hand reach up, grasp the shower curtain, rip it aside.
she looks down the street toward the wallaces.
abby is pacing, clearly on the verge of hysteria.
he pulls down the waistband of his trousers suggestively.
adrian gets out.
he continues his chore with determination as he moves from cabinet to cabinet, removing and tossing bottles and cans.
he gains on the army jacket.
both carl and laszlo look up.
he gives a nervous smile.
he steps timidly into the room, where chairs lie turned on the floor and the tables being wedged against the door leading into the pantry.
they see a boy on the stairs facing the window.
as they back away, the doors slam shut.
and with that he whirls, turns on the machine, grabs the lever and.
tuvia appears.
doesn't understand what he sees -- push in on him.
he puts his head near the wood floor.
she takes one and puts it in her mouth.
attractive women dwarf him in an elevator.
he unfastens the pouch and hands the deluminator to ron.
hermione looks exasperated.
gimli looks up into the eyes of legolas, with whom he has shared so much.
the ice cream truck pulls to a stop with its headlights facing the diner.
several people come running past the cab.
they throw themselves into the hole.
the events rewind.
emily brushes her fingers against ben's cheek as they continue kissing passionately.
david glances at jenny who freezes.
they all step back as the heavy top of the structure rises into the air.
nick stops pouring the drinks, bottle poised in his hand.
the bird has gone.
dumbledore still kneels beside harry, who is lying unconscious.
the bus red tail lights shine through the dusty.
water pours down the steps, and then they run towards the boy.
she picks him up in her arms.
charlie's face lights up when she sees the police car.
she turns aside, putting her hand over her eyes.
she turns, and totters slowly away.
she gives simon a kiss.
dillinger wears a faint half-smile, his eyes shining.
he takes it.
gets in, starts the car, backs it out.
on the journey he leans back in the carriage.
laurie stares at the station wagon as it moves past.
hermione looks like a tiny doll in the giant's fist.
one trooper smacks the back of ben's head with a pistol barrel.
he slips the crutches from under his arms and stands on both feet.
they crawl out.
he runs after the others.
in a balcony seat to the side of the auditorium, dark haired harry osborne is watching mary jane through opera glasses.
he rubs at particular spots now and then.
watson notices some soldiers.
she gets up and leaves.
he gets up from the table and puts his books under his arm.
elliot, standing near the nude drawings, is looking through a book.
her father's face forms the most heartbreaking of smiles as he watches the performance.
the big bird joins two more perched on the tv aerial.
delmar stares at everett, who looks appraisingly at george's retreating back.
gladys smiles sweetly before slapping him clear across the .
now we cut to darkness -- we're inside the dungeon as it opens -- the boys look directly at us -- their faces say it all: the mother lode.
pete exits his home riding his bike.
they look sadly at each other and she gets out of the car.
harry is in the room still sobbing.
the dance couples strain to get a look at what has happened.
simon's pen moves across the blotter -- carol sees him earnestly engrossed, a beat of indecision and then shyly but deliberately she lowers the towel.
she squats down next to jamal.
mike exits the stage door and walks into the alley, followed by the confused camera crew.
he points.
open suitcases occupy every inch, filled to the brim with neatly packed clothes.
on the screen, a man rides on a woman's back.
it contains a small table and some chairs.
as harry reaches bottom, he finds ron weasley protectively cradling scabbers, while hermione grander does her best to restrain a hissing crookshanks.
norman comes further in.
mark drops his head, dejected.
everyone is very disappointed, taking off their headsets, turning off tape recorders and looking at darryl like he's an idiot.
a black haired man raps his knuckles on the table.
a fissure splits the ground between the rv and the runway.
the indecisive customer wears a face that belies utter disbelief in the audacity of this most lackadaisical video clerk.
he swerves again.
harry is still clucking the glowing sphere.
he responds a little better.
she stumbles in the dirt.
the old woman's shadow is cast on the diner door.
his hands slip the wrap down from her shoulders.
things get even more serious when roscoe pulls a knife.
ferris's eyes dart.
the elder woman stops.
david and elise enter.
salim's gang steal the tires off the mercedes just as jamal brings the tourists back from the river.
the man jabs him viciously in the ribs with his elbow, lifts him again, but can't escape the arm across his throat.
they enter a bedroom decorated with framed landscape paintings.
in a nightclub, two girls swing upside down from a trapeze.
tarquin hands suze the lamp.
hugh clears the table.
he blinks, then leaves some money on the table and starts after her.
ferris gets out and runs across the street.
graham brings alette a cup.
below is the mirror-like surface of the lake, surrounded by lush forest.
he takes a bag of marijuana from a wooden box in a drawer and flushes it.
he glances back at the house.
snape waves his wand and the necklace rises into the air.
back amongst the throng, nick holds his hand out to jordan, who's dancing with teddy barton.
he climbs out, walks to the back door, takes his shirt from a chair and starts to put it on as he opens the back door and goes through.
with him at the door, also listening, are cousin tilly bailey, a waspish-looking woman, who is the telephone operator, and cousin eustace bailey, the clerk.
colored buttons fall into a large heap, forming the warner brothers' shield.
he finds the young boy curled up with his hands protectively covering his face.
she steps towards the door which has light peeping through the gap.
he takes the knife to harry and cuts at his arm.
they're photographed.
forrest stops in mid-sentence as he looks down at the bed.
she points the gun out into the haze like she's been holding one all her life.
the phone rings and she answers it.
the phoenix drops something into harry's hand.
forrest gives jenny the peace sign.
suddenly he becomes aware that lisa is signaling to someone who is watching him.
duffy stops chewing.
they have stopped walking and now face one another.
graham picks him up in his arms.
a bearded henchman lights a candle as arvind sings for maman.
they look at each other and evan slowly lowers the phone.
ron pulls a face.
the sound of a glass jar shattering is heard within the hut.
lee walks over to the loft's stereo area, pulling up the sleeves of her sweater as frederick talks.
the chanting abruptly stops.
struggling to regain the power of speech.
abby clasps her hands around his face and kisses him passionately.
and morgan holds his hand out to graham.
gittes looks significantly to evelyn.
now under a dusky sky, david walks across a deserted shipping dock.
pete shakes his head - didn't catch it - and repeats, also overarticulating.
jeff, tense and wide-eyed, watches lisa climb the fire escape.
vince has been letting this conversation go through one ear and out the other, until that last remark.
as they approach the house, a young blonde woman greets them.
she looks at him with a lover's pain.
he looks down at the lights reflected in the river below.
graham pads across the landing to the children's bedroom, holding bo by the hand.
she bursts into tears all over again.
valjean moves among them, tending to the wounded, lifting down the dead, regardless of his own safety.
the tunnel lies dark and glow making it impossible to stand up right.
carol never expected the kind of praise which would so slip under her guard.
she goes back inside.
a white car swerves to avoid her.
michael slowly approaches gabriel.
eyes closed, tears roll down her cheeks.
a wave of weakness overcomes him and he sags against the door.
he uses his wand to send it around the class.
in the lounge, the tv shows news footage of a corn field with a line of crop circles similar to graham's.
something flies down towards the diner.
lizzie pops out her cheeks.
suddenly, ron drops his rat, blood on his finger.
his image is blurred.
they look like a set.
while lisa starts up the fire escape, we see stella running toward the wall in the foreground to climb over it.
graham rushes over to pick up morgan and the dropped syringe.
they exit.
the beast is now gleaming.
she carries a small tray with a pitcher and a glass.
father janovich is with the police outside smokie's house.
harry points to the couch, where he saw spider-man stand over his dead father.
up ahead, the dark clouds jeep saw earlier have finally closed in, descending onto the highway like a wall.
randal walks past the two, and pats veronica on the head.
he turns halfway around, and points.
zoe gives a faint smile.
he stiffens as the pain registers.
he smiles and walks on past an alleyway.
ben writes his name on the card and then stares at it for a moment, crumples it up and fills out a second card.
lizzy watches him for a moment, looks down at the letter, then searches for a comfortable place in which to read it.
indy ducks but the shovel catches henry sending him over the side and onto the moving tread.
he takes one of the carnations, puts it into the purse, closes the purse and thrusts it back under his coat.
pippin finishes his bittersweet song.
edward steps back into frame, looking at the sorority house.
harry's father looks back at him from the mirror.
coming around a bend, his pitch drops as he sees thick, thorny vines growing across the path.
he pushes her away as javert approaches.
james gets up and salutes his fans.
the trio makes their way down the slope and past buckbeak, chewing on a ferret with idle satisfaction.
now a toddler, caroline sleeps beside daisy.
parvati is asked to dance.
he walks through a thin layer of crops and emerges in a clearing.
chili drives a dark road up into the park.
harry spots elphias doge.
he reaches into a bag.
ernie reaches over and hands george a bottle of champagne done up in gift wrappings.
harry pulls hermione up.
they see a statue covered in cobwebs.
queenie turns the baby towards the old woman.
a waitress meets them at the table.
as he climbs the spiral stairway, harry gazes after him.
his eyes never leave hers.
a flashback to irene.
as he smiles down at them, he is turned by.
when nick's back is turned, gatsby's smile fades and he lifts the telephone to his ear.
the nazi soldier looking through the periscope pulls away from it, smiles, then turns back to it.
ferris' brow is pinched as he is driven past the market square.
dillinger gazes off shyly, then finds her lovely face.
angle from outside the shower: lester's naked body is silhouetted through the fogged-up glass door.
a woman performs physiotherapy on daisy's leg.
we can see, on the far side of the safe, its door as it finishes creaking open.
within moments the gate is smashed and giant cave trolls enter into the first circle of minas tirith, under the archway that no enemy had ever passed.
wearing winter clothes, they wander down a deserted street.
the guy gives chili a look, puts his arm around his date, and quickly starts up the aisle so that chili can now see karen sitting there at the end of the row.
ahead of them three youths (twenty, twenty-one) in working clothes, carrying lunch boxes, lean indolently against a building directly in their path.
he wanted something else.
at home, he takes pristine white t-shirts off a shelf and lays them in his suitcase with the rest of his clothes.
he gives desi a hug.
they begin to walk down the street.
cole looks nervous.
his nose bleeding, tuvia walks away from the burning remains of the camp,
in the living room, jay sips some of her lemonade and winces.
as he straightens up and prepares to jump.
from a high bench umbridge addresses a woman sitting below.
he strokes her cheek.
he edges his mouth closer to hers, then stops.
he watches a flight attendant walk down the aisle pushing a trolley.
norman turns to strom.
they're interrupted by sir william.
the hat speaks.
ilsa walks over to the couch and sits down.
the grid flexes turns and walks as the sand billows against starry darkness.
at night, mary jane comes home and hits the light switch.
diana stares ahead, avoiding his gaze.
sarah barges her way anxiously through the crowd on the wharf.
he looks horrified and lowers his rifle.
rollo sighs and slips her the bathroom key.
another protester grabs the policeman and pulls him away.
up on the roof, bob and jeep stare out into the darkness.
she snuggles closer to rick.
neville reluctantly follows moody back up the stairs.
the manager cracks open his shotgun and inserts two more cartridges - thoonk thoonk - in the smoking chamber.
charlotte brings in sadie's electronics and puts them down in a pile beside her.
rose glares at cal.
he shoots out a web to steady himself.
as indy edges away from fedora, a portion of the stockcar's roof collapses and indy falls through into the car below.
in a large house, a craggy faced guy in his 40s, edward hoffman, dictates into a laptop.
crash - the bathroom door flies open as the biker bursts in astride his hog, bright daylight streaming in with him to throw him into imposing silhouette.
dawn is breaking.
the camera moves back to elliot.
as she sits for a portrait wearing formal robes of state, the queen's attention is drawn by television news coverage of tony blair.
clambering through bracken and over jagged rocks.
helen and his grandson are at another table.
he gives her back a fatherly pat as she clings to him.
and writes cal's name on the envelope.
he sits down on the bed.
a teller looks up.
evan enters the office and tears the file cabinets apart, looking for something.
he gives miss bingley a piercing stare and she looks away.
he sits hunched, his head hung.
as he climbs off the chair, jean-louis suddenly runs to the door, unbolts it and runs into the hall, camera panning with him.
she turns and stares at him before walking back towards him with an imploring look.
now, she leans into the kitchen.
darcy makes no effort to make any further inquiries.
the manager looks off screen, and begins speaking in italian.
he removes a piece of gray cloth from which a gun butt protrudes.
all the children freeze, pearl is on ground, just beyond john.
eddie keeps looking at her.
the agents gather.
they both smile wistfully.
she leaves orchestra practice.
dante manages to break his study of the o.c.
he gets a loose cigarette out of his pocket and puts it between his lips.
watson looks down sadly at holmes, who lies motionless in the boxcar.
delegates are arriving at the castle, expanding their back falls, which stumble hundreds of feet vertically down the mountainside.
she looks up when a minibus arrives.
jack turns to leave -- but joe, enraged, says.
she smiles back at him and presses his hands against her head.
one of the women's' dresses is torn away, leaving her topless.
then looks to his girl.
he glances toward his office.
paulie bleeker is running as fast as his legs can carry him on the dancing elk track.
enrique rubs his palms together.
he turns it.
dumbledore grabs him.
eddie grins at this.
he is dressed in dark clothes, a paper collar, a string tie.
he beams brightly at her.
octavius is at the desk in his lab.
penny, who's overheard, comes in.
ashton turns over and looks up.
cary tries to get his lighter to spark up.
panicked families load their cars in preparation to evacuate.
uncle billy stands before him like a frisked criminal, all his pockets hanging out, empty.
they all mutter equivalents.
she wears levis and a plaid cotton shirt.
pippin instinctively slashes his sword at him.
forrest runs, carrying bubba.
bo walks over and squeezes in also.
he is surrounded.
helen enters, very matter-of-fact.
rose searches through a cabinet filled with keys.
and it falls into an earthquake.
inside a framed photo on a bedside table shows a smiling family.
he is standing at the far side of the graveyard.
the boffin opens a door for m.
deep in troubled thought, his brow is pinched.
hearing the siren, they look around in confusion.
graham sits up.
steve clears the table.
fergus smacks the hand away.
the students flap at the pixies ineffectually.
glimpses of dillinger thrusting into billie from behind, interspersed with their nuzzling face to face.
after a moment, he rises, thanks the boy and heads swiftly back upstream scrambling up the bank to his car.
jane looks in a mirror and rubs her cheek, then crosses to the window and looks out.
malcolm turns back to cole.
david crooks a smile.
- and nails him right in the face, setting .
evan roots through the trash until he finds something: a razor sharp piece of metal about two feet long.
mrs. kowalski leads sydney into his grotty studio apartment.
hermione comes out of the tent as harry approaches.
rose kicks to the surface and emerges amid other flailing survivors.
the assistants walk off.
he turns and makes for the door.
tears roll down zoe's face.
forrest pulls a couple of shrimp out of a bucket.
she looks sternly at her driver.
the door handle turns.
he leads her out the door.
anheuser and adrian enter the darkened chapel.
he volleys it in.
rows of tellers pore over ledgers.
his eyes lift from his hands, heavenward.
and so does the colonel.
thurmond cleans his bicycle as a skaterat walks up.
she sprays on perfume.
the scars on his face are almost gone now.
klaatu's face appears on the cop's computer.
a few hold knives still wet with blood.
but it's like he wasn't even there, fezzik towers over him so much.
now, wearing a gorgeous flowing black outfit with knee length boots and a long pendant necklace, andy's arranging magazines on miranda's desk when miranda arrives.
hermione is standing by the tent door whispering in.
tight shot of darryl's face going deeper and deeper into a state of shock.
the grey patrol boat flies the burmese flag.
louise hops in and thelma peels out, spraying gravel.
then leans in to eavesdrop.
a cauldron stands in front of harry.
she chases him with a brush.
the guest continue to laugh; they are charmed.
pink tries to open the driver's side door, but it's locked.
the housekeeper comes in,
to reveal gandalf, frodo and sam hurrying across a ploughed field,away from hobbiton!
the president clinging to a drip stand, fixes his eyes on the tall pointed washington monument.
they are watched from across the road by walt, who's parked up in his pickup truck.
she pulls herself into a sitting position against the head of the mattress.
a group of ashen faced guests stand in the distance behind him.
they straighten up.
the rugged countryside as the hobbits journey on, lead by strider.
ben is standing behind a tree watching the robinson house.
fergus walks over to him, lifts the hood up so his mouth is revealed, and pushes the sandwich toward his lips.
at her desk, she opens a letter.
lenny slowly follows evan as he bolts away.
joe is struggling with a response, finally, inevitably, he drifts into a long silence.
moody nervously licks his lips and takes a swig from his hip flask.
the van drives through the dessert, passing nomads with two camels.
as they enter the kitchen we pull back.
outside koscik hands out clothing to the jews who were hiding.
hermione's spell has disfigured harry's face.
she shoves it in her mouth.
alone, benjamin fails to reach a tram in time.
on the way he picks up his hat.
the sound of running water can be heard coming from behind the closed door to the bathroom and dyle is the first to notice the water beginning to leak out from under the door.
charlie slams down the bill and goes to the kitchen.
dillinger curiously cocks his head.
he looks over.
she looks happy, but older.
he is gone.
students appear at each end of the corridor.
and the others do battle on the stairs.
he takes a case of corona and some other beer cans from the fridge, and also, drains them.
harry looks up from his books to see two girls staring at him curiously.
he looks from the cricket whites that are hanging up behind a curtain to the photographs.
lisa begins to move around the room assembling her possessions preparatory to leaving.
holmes glares at him then makes to go.
he kisses her on the lips.
in the engine room, water pours in as a man scrambles past furnace stokers swept across.
she walks across the loft, with its high ceilings and beige walls, holding her coffee.
they fly shoulder to shoulder.
other law enforcement types roam around the house.
harry stops him.
and the quaffle sails straight through the middle.
a new face-off pits dante against the customer.
meantime, phyllis is holding the attention of the conductor and porter by showing them the ticket.
he smiles and shrugs.
willie is atop the safe, swinging a sledgehammer at the lock.
at one point, she lifts her torso up slightly to brush crumbs out from beneath her.
leaning forward, he faces her with a knitted brow.
emerging in the first of the crop circles, graham lowers his arm gently.
whenever jules talks to yolanda, he never looks at her, only at pumpkin.
then notices smoke from a small fire.
they continue on their walk, jane looking somewhat sheepish.
graham takes morgan and bo by the hand and leads them quickly down the hall.
he gets the mare to lie down.
he stops and shines his wand down onto the empty floor.
he shows him the medal.
he turns to face the others.
he looks down at the street way below and waddles slightly.
back at balmoral, thomas sits at a desk.
fergus holds his hands from behind, so jody can lean forward.
the agent bringing up the rear checks the passageway before entering and closing.
cafe customers are startled to see indy and elsa climb out of the sewer, wet and smelly.
camera pans to reggie, peeking around the corner.
he puts the phone down.
he hears the screams and runs.
they restrain his arms.
he then head butts open his food bin, knocking some books off a shelf in the process.
he turns off the engine and reaches out, taking her hand.
keyes and neff start to get up.
sausage finishes racking.
the boy's lips move.
forrest stops and aims his weapon.
karl and rick lower their pants to their ankles.
fields gets out of her seat and moves down the plane's fuselage.
a young man rushes toward the window.
at the top of the stairs, a steward stands behind a locked gate.
close to tears, john leaves the surgery.
they stagger out.
evan, hardly able to take his eyes off her as she hands him a tissue.
the man is none other than.
she's wearing riding boots, is perspiring a little, but looks younger than she did in the office.
the boys scamper to peter.
hannah tenderly takes elliot's hand as she looks around the table.
they scramble down a hill towards the river.
vizzini starts to laugh.
then smiles at himself.
harry looks again.
jay and kay duck into the air shaft and look up -- too far to climb, and the walls are smooth anyway.
he's trying to remain cool, and doing a pretty good job.
as the queen sits watching tv, philip enters.
in the truck, rambo's eye-line and bandana are reflected in bn's driving mirror.
she looks down at hermione.
he bends to unfasten the lead.
the troops angrily gesture to the frightened men to cross the field again.
strasser turns to see the plane taxiing towards the runway.
then he steps over her body and moves across the hall to a door that is slightly ajar.
they're dressed as harry, ron and hermione.
two large policemen stand arms-akimbo at the front of them all, their postures imposing and threatening, though the impression is somewhat weakened by the children skirting around them.
-- headquarters, where every bell, whistle and light imaginable is going off.
peter's eyes sparkle with the with the eye-hole at the balled cover, as he listens to the crowd.
constantine, in a smart, cream dress and navy hat, is packing her suitcase.
freddy enters frame from the same direction he exited in the previous scene, finishing his sentence.
jeff looks, turns back to her, trying to suppress a chuckle.
he stands at the foot of the stairs in a baseball cap and his rain cape, watching humanity ebb and flow.
parrish regards joe, the tie is a sorry mess now, a batwing of silk stretching across his collarbone.
bren appears in the doorway and smiles approvingly.
forrest holds two ice cream cones in his hands as he is wheeled on a rolling stretcher.
stuart and cliff stare at the monitors, eating it up.
the band has launched into 'man of constant sorrow', precipitating the huge reaction.
he is looking at the ralph's shopper's club card.
she can't walks off.
the room grows dark.
behind the door we see the outline of the shape standing there.
the passenger was the spectacled 30 something adrian hold.
a line of barmen flamboyantly makes cocktails.
ben scratches his eyebrow shyly.
the same part of the bridge where george was standing before clarence jumped in.
ben stairs pensively at the details, which include a photo of attractive, dark-haired emily.
pete is all awkward smiles and deep, burning eyes.
the camera is now facing jeff.
mr. orange looks up at his friend.
they lie next to each other, sprawled unconscious on the stony beach.
a hit hurls in through the air, severing his legs below the knee.
sam watches her, concerned but unable to inhibit his cheery, humorous good mood.
she turns on the second lamp and the light shows us that her beauty is not alone in her face.
mr. mccleery takes a couple of steps up, ben following and stops again.
michael keeps the shotgun in place.
some people pass by.
malcolm finds cole playing in his pew with a set of green and beige plastic soldiers.
a few men in the congregation rise and pointedly escort their families from the church.
jack stands up on the railing and gazes toward the bow.
they step back slightly.
she offers him her hand, and he kisses it, then the two of them go inside.
dyer gives a quiet order, the car backs away.
he finds that elsa's bedroom is in a similar ransacked state to his own.
barnes scowls as he scans the press photographers.
mia comes back to the table.
she watches morgan as he puts the receiver to his ear.
she peers in and sees the man's eyes fluttering.
and the queen moves slowly along and smiles at them.
another view through a movie camera shows the lawmen lead dillinger though the haze.
daisy rolls onto her side and smiles as she gazes at him.
gatsby gets up.
ba is gently removing gandhi's suit coat, staring fearfully at a bandage on his head, another along the side of his face.
her nose grazes his beard.
the car suddenly reappears.
gimli lets out a sigh of relief.
at that moment donovan and elsa appear.
in the dim light, he sees row upon row of artillery shells.
harry reads the curious words at the top.
inside a plane, the queen sits and stares out of a window in contemplation.
she looks at the picture; walks over and sits down in front of it.
hi and ed are seated on folding chairs facing an agent's desk.
frozen washing hangs heavily on the line.
but they catch him and fling him up through the ceiling, and out into the night sky.
walking alongside, barnes looks down.
vizzini, watching him.
they walk out of the alley.
the dragon raises its head and breathes fire, incinerating bogrod.
graham closes the door behind him.
the customer leaves, wiping water from his face.
suddenly, the ladder gives way and he falls.
forrest lies in his bed as the door opens.
laszlo and ilsa emerge from the rear of the car.
gordon steps on to the runway and checks his watch.
she holds her breath.
flash bulbs go off, and the group breaks up.
charlie reacts in shock, as all eyes are suddenly on her.
a newscaster silently reading copy.
he sees the creature -- then looks across to the lifeless body of alice.
fire consumes the card.
lonnie spins around and stares in horror at the talking hedge.
holmes scans the faces of the people.
he is not fully recovered, but well on the way.
an old hayseed with his hands in the air speaks up.
king george pulls a pipe off the water tower.
staring around anxiously, elijah spots the man on the other side of the road from the dark brick built stadium.
while holding up one hand.
the black cloud and the images disappear.
looking weary and ill, ron gazes down at it.
the receptionist stops typing and looks at banky, shocked.
brody looks at henry.
he tries to toss it in the pan.
he looks up into the cheering crowd as his teammate fields the kickoff.
bo is crying.
holly looks away sadly; she shakes her head.
she complies.
the clouds seem join together.
spotlight beams illuminate the packed stands.
ben walks duke on a lead past the travel inn reception.
in the chamber, the operative tightens up the new drill bit.
graham takes in the news as he moves to the stairs.
a girl - constanze - rushes into the room.
suddenly cary is there, a burn wrap on his right arm now.
he grabs his battered guitar case as the car pulls over and trots up to the open window.
jack's eyes shift -- he spots an aircraft fuel tank.
he enters whip's room with a video camera as a nurse helps whip from the bed exposing his buttocks.
arwen -- escorted by a small entourage of elves -- rides through the gathering darkness of a pine forest.
wormtail stands in the doorway and looks at the old man.
he flicks web balls off the face, then catches the falling hand with another web.
the man in black, racing up the mountain trail.
the second man overhears sallah.
nullah chases the last steer onto the ship.
ahead is the bishop stretching out a hand.
marcus and willie go about the business of being a santa-elf team.
dyle, tex and gideon stand in the center of the room, looking around.
crashing down from a wheelie, lenny's roaring bike is almost upon him - aiming up the middle of the v.
there's a photo of bleeker playing his guitar.
ed is running up the alley toward the front of the bank as lenny enters.
the glider comes back to the balcony.
umbridge's chair is upholstered in pink.
the pope leads the prayers of the faithful gathered in the square.
kay races into the morgue just as the examination table explodes into the air, revealing edgar, who was hiding beneath it.
the cloisters are decorated with greenery.
the sun is still shining, and the birds still chirping.
mia's head is jolted from the impact.
she stands on the stage in front of a huge swinging pendulum.
he aims his butt at him and farts.
he looks up, awestruck, as silhouettes of fans leaping to their feet in celebration crowd the frosted windows.
four of gatsby's men march slagle out through the gates.
he comes to a decision and starts to leave.
she hits the clay.
gandhi absorbs the news stiffly.
they watch as people grieve openly.
mrs. robinson lets her dress fall to the floor.
harry sees a ghostly dark-haired woman in a gray dress hovering by a window.
banky allows a smile to creep across his face.
burton re-aims, but michael's faster, already firing back.
he's sitting on the floor, gazing dreamily out of the window.
tim walks out into the night.
hilly arrives in front of skeeter's house in a storm of dust and marches towards the front door like an angry chicken.
the salesman, having just raised the shades in the living room, is now looking out the window.
he tries to shake him off.
he leans back in his seat.
suddenly his braces shatter, sending steel and plastic flying into the air.
they are in really beautiful country now.
the upstairs of abby's apartment has a balcony.
gittes bends over, instinctively trying to keep the blood from getting on his clothes.
as he sits at the table, women fuss around him and load his plate with food.
ron reaches the summit, disappears over the top.
celia leans forward to reapply her lipstick, turning her perfectly formed behind in their direction.
at one end of the room an orchestra is playing.
they raise their wands for protection as a group of black- cloaked figures swoops down.
he punches the driver.
graham starts across the street to the pharmacy.
he waves back.
at last, he slows down and looks around him.
gimli leaps into the battle, wielding his might axe.
a wake is being held inside the house.
she turns and leaves, slamming the door after her.
jay takes the neuralyzer.
the attendant looks up from a newspaper.
she looks again into the darkness.
she grabs his phone away and answers.
parrish, spinning with anxiety, tries to summon up his courage to go as allison continues.
he's now throwing clothes.
the children center, their backs to us, sprinting towards the boat.
at the retirement mrs walters is reading to some of the residents from the book.
sirius's image has been burnt away.
he takes a step back and sees that the entire board is covered in flyers for lost dogs of all shapes and sizes.
owls carrying mail flutter in through a high window.
he takes off his vest.
mr. mccleery and ben stand and look at each other for a few seconds.
he cycles on between the headstones.
jody looks up at him, his face bathed in sweat.
she looks after them.
helen stares at danny.
harry sees something swirling around inside the crystal ball.
the woman is tall, attractive, etc.
they kiss, tenderly.
as another apartment door opens emitting the loud sounds of a party and simon nye, early 30s.
gandalf looks at the approaching orc army, now less than 50 yards from the walls of the city.
jude cocks one eye upward.
vincent, carrying the black briefcase from the scene between vincent and jules, steps inside.
the morning sun lights up the skyline of new york.
dillinger reloads his gun and fires it at a man hiding behind a car.
a marquee in front of a cathedral erupts in flames, and smoke billows out over bodies on the ground.
standing rooted to the floor, graham continues to scrutinize the images on the tv.
the car laughs.
he stops, his face blank.
salim yanks jamal away and peers through the hole.
holmes lies still for a few moments, temporarily stunned by the blast.
the photo shows tim standing at holly's hospital bedside.
allison elbows him.
then, butch coolidge, still dressed in boxing trunks, shoes, gloves and yellow robe, leaps to the dumpster below.
valjean instinctively puts his arm round her, guarding her jealously from this distant boy's gaze.
his mad eye swivels round to stare down at harry, who looks up at him warily.
holes appear in his suit.
matching action as hi finishes swinging the plank into lenny's face.
amid the crowd we see don price.
with his rifle raised, dillinger cautiously opens a metal door in the hallway.
in her room, zoe sits on her bed with a scarlet-haired smiling rag doll resting on her drawn up knees.
he leaps up screaming and flings the board across the room.
they both stand stock still.
dante dips his fingers into the shoe polish and writes large letters on the unfurled sheet, leaning on the cooler.
he is looking in shock at the tellers' counter.
she hands the phone to will, concerned.
gower and uncle billy are conducting a bond rally from the top of an army tank.
she looks up and pouts sadly.
she looks down, frowns, then, looks up.
he pockets the remaining bacon.
kate runs down a hospital corridor.
as hermione unloops the necklace, harry glances around in confusion.
ferris stops at the door and turns his battered and bruised face to look at hoffman, who stares at him and nods.
the answer is hopefully raised eyebrows.
inside jenny looks out, surprised and annoyed.
an anchorman named chet huntley appears over the television.
tenzen shakes his head.
then he stops, listening.
he arrives with two friends and a valet.
the ring lies between them on the table.
the identical thugs come up behind holmes.
he nods his head.
edward keeps walking.
he looks right at cole.
joe and cary would scream if they didn't need to stay quiet.
he hands a key to the young man, and then obligingly brings in two suitcases which he places on the floor beside them.
his watch shows 2 am.
the extended lock on a door leading to an adjoining room bumps repeatedly against the doorjamb.
moriarty's mouth is open in a scream.
loosening his tie, draco rushes into the boy lavatories, leans over a basin then pulls off his sweater.
the woman pleads with snape.
he clutches her waist.
don drags himself in, drenched in sweat, his breath as short and agonized as that of a dying man.
he leaps up from the bed.
the second hits it.
as the rear of the ship continues to tilled upward
girls emphatically embrace each other good-bye.
peter's eyes widened.
now, the plump identity thief sips from a straw as she rides down an escalator.
her hand slides the zippo back in the overcoat pocket.
viktor krum swings hermione high into the air.
and holy shit, alice actually starts to cry as she performs her lines.
evan runs into dr. redfield's office just as another patient is leaving.
the men release holmes and the corsac.
out of nowhere appears a zippo lighter in vincent's hand.
lee continues to walk, past a modern chaise, a bookcase, some sofas, two columns.
unaware, henry, sallah and brody start to walk away.
the ship slowly sinks beneath the surface of the shimmering water.
jack and fabrizio run up a gangplank.
he moves forward.
as the car dealer looks at her in amazement, she reaches into her bag, feels the money-filled envelope, pauses.
a forty-year old man named beamen comes out of the seed store to greet edward.
george and mary are helping the martinis move.
he takes dyle's key and gives dyle his.
alison's puzzled.
the attendant, whose every move seems to require a tremendous effort, shuffles over and grabs a towel as eddie removes his jacket.
harry pushes his trolley across the station.
madame thenardier takes the bunch of notes from her husband's hand and inspects them.
harry emerges from umbridge's office.
vijay speeds up leaving bleeker alone on the running track.
in the common room, harry uncorks the vial of liquid luck.
he leads her across the yard as caroline pulls the barbecue fork from houdini's throat.
bert turns his back on eddie and joins findley at the bar.
the mighty ship snaps in half, sending the rear of the boat plunging back toward the sea
jenny smiles to herself as she listens.
vizzini glares at him, then turns, leaves them.
camera pans with them, and as they turn around the office corner, they see norman coming down the path toward them.
he is sweating.
he glares.
wearing black cloaks over their school uniforms, the pupils are dwarfed by the giant hagrid.
the blow catches everett on the chin and sends him reeling.
gatsby walks through, shaking hands with people.
jeff lowers the camera quickly.
he shuts his eyes tightly.
black smoke belches from the funnels of a paddle-steamer as it leaves the white cliffs of dover behind.
hi doubles back once again toward the back aisle.
marius gazes at eponine.
but before he can think of an insult to top welch's, we hear a click on the phone.
mirabehn, azad, pyarelal, the doctor and others on the roof watch fascinated, a little frightened.
desi picks a shirt.
the players seem unusually small.
hoffman's agent, zayed ibishi, is naked and tied down on a table.
she moves towards the living room, where there is still light on.
a long drawn wail comes down the wind, like the cry of some evil and lonely creature.
mountains rise up on the horizon.
the figure is tall with a thin face and beard.
harry stirs and witnesses the man standing there.
reggie leaves the hotel and runs to it.
she invites skeeter to follow her to the sitting room of her spotless little house.
he punches pete in the face.
they deflect off gabriel's steel breastplate.
he nods to himself as he takes in the view.
debbie looks around the house for pete.
the pair walk off together.
sparks fly out of the fire.
he watches intently towards his mother; pearl holds his hand.
brackett looks back at the dead animal.
skeeter obediently moves back her chair.
one grabs a woman by the leg.
back at home, she sits studying.
ron jacks the wheel to the left.
the twins hoist harry onto their shoulders.
harry holds dumbledore's left arm.
ben lies on his side in the motel room bed.
the two prisoners look up at their captors.
charlie manages to get out.
satisfied, he recovers the foot, then moves to the other end to uncover the head.
later, minnie sits down at a prettily laid table by a window in the kitchen to have her lunch.
a chair has been propped up against the bedroom door to prevent anyone from entering.
thelma wonders if louise is really that naive.
he is wearing a set of headphones.
the lights in the room flickered.
sandra and her sisters peer out through the curtains.
preacher backs away towards his horse, bouncing the knife lightly in his hand.
jinnah as usual in a finely cut european suit, the others are dressed in tunics of homespun as they will be to the end.
a woman slips, but is helped to her feet.
gatsby takes daisy and nick on a tour.
he grabs her hair and pushes her against a pillar.
javier sets charges which blow the door to the president's room.
from beyond him phyllis approaches.
the camera stays with frederick as he walks into the loft's bedroom area.
even the huge giant is dwarfed by the tall trees, which rise up and disappear into the darkness above their heads.
ellen nods.
ron starts the car and puts it into reverse.
then his eyes shut.
the agent stares in fear as gort raises his massive hands to show he's free.
as his huge left arm crumples into the ground leaving out of dust, the crowd whoop their delight.
she hurries to answer the phone.
forrest stands in the doorway looking at the room and bed where jenny had been.
venom leaps out at spider-man, knocking him into column of girders that he bounces against as he falls.
he smashes the walls.
they pull, revealing the soaking back of a man's coat.
count rugen, suddenly going into a fierce attack, striking with great power and precision for he is a master swordsman, and he forces inigo easily back, drives him easily into the wall.
he lays his hand on harry's heart.
four gendarmes hurriedly jump out.
as he passes he turns to call back over his shoulder.
a punch sends spider-man high into the air and he lands heavily.
beneath those black wings some hideous pygmy struggle is going on.
she squirms and writhes.
two trains are tangled like snakes.
a curly-haired boy turns to lilka, the beautiful newcomer.
javert has a noose around his neck.
jane can't meet tess' furious gaze.
pippin, huddled in front of gandalf, the wind sailing through his hair.
he puts an arm around her, starts to walk with her as he encouragingly goes on talking.
lester finishes his last rep, straining, then puts the weights in their rack and sits up.
rick stops and comes over to their table.
on the roof they jump off the ladder and skate around.
cheerleader tess flirts with footballers.
for a few moments he holds his hands together in front of him, getting a shifty look in his eyes.
they eyeball one another.
at dawn, a thick blanket of lead gray clouds passes over the city.
we top the rise and the smoggy vastness of los angeles at twilight stretches out before us.
she's embarrassed.
light surrounds the sun, and a shadowy bond aims his pistol.
in her eyes, once kindly and understanding, there is now cold suspicion.
george puts down his coat and comes around to the table, incensed by what potter is saying about his father.
archival footage - day slow motion - president kennedy rises in a convertible and smiles.
morgan moves his beam onto merrill.
then inigo withdraws his sword and as the count pitches down.
in the distance the plane turns onto the runway.
the silence is broken by the bleat of a squeeze-me toy as the lights are snapped on.
he apologizes.
don cries out so hard his throat seems to burst apart, buries his horrified eyes in the back of his chair.
she studies her as if she's never really seen her before.
forrest stands under the old oak tree where jenny has been buried.
she points and the elderly assistant, and while his back is turned, reaches over the counter, takes a bracelet, and drops it into her bag.
on the opened historical pages, the circuit light pathways are unchanging.
holden looks around, nervously.
a spider's web is behind the letters which break up and vanish from the screen.
the quaffle zooms towards the goal.
randal closes the door and stands there, momentarily, totally appalled by her exiting remark, then shakes his head.
hermione glances away.
a pretty young woman stands at the door.
as she starts to fill in the form, she becomes aware of a black woman seated nearby crumbing her fingers against her clipboard.
the group of villagers on the stage laugh and mock the.
peter sits next to carl.
she breaks up a pack of cigarettes and throws them away.
he directs the circular torch beam onto the edge of the crop.
he flips the paper over to look at the headline.
a woman holding a baby approaches the captain.
they hurry out of a side door in the side of the rusty, corrugated iron stand and over to the entrance gate.
nigel and his team are on a shoot by a lake in central park.
they move with each other easily, sharing smiles.
his jaw drops as he looks through the door.
miss lonely hearts lifts her head to listen, and slowly lowers the pills and glass of water into her lap, her whole purpose arrested by the beauty of what she hears.
cole is standing before the beat-up twelve inch kitchen t.v.
he moves to the center of the window and begins to pound on the glass.
she nods somberly.
she touches his cheek.
jinnah bows, taking his notes, gesturing to the auditorium.
on the end of each arm is a pointed pincer which opens out.
a house elf emerges onto the landing dragging a wooden box.
standing beside a tall window, they move closer and kiss again.
sarah watches as eddie, both hands now encased in plaster casts, tries to sleep.
the soldiers shepard the boys onto a bus in the car park.
a hole appears.
sarah looks over with concern.
debbie is getting a colonoscopy.
in the distance, harry can see a river winding its way down the valley, the strong wings of the hippogriff carrying them even higher.
his arm is out the window, however, and we see an olive-colored hand protruding from the sleeve of an expensive white linen suit.
joe runs, looking for another way into the creature's massive space -- he finally finds another intersection -- he turns into it -- he disappears down the tunnel.
he carries marley out to the car and gently lays the old dog down in the boot.
naturally it is the best office in the building; modern but not modernistic, spacious, very well furnished; flowers, smoking stands, easy chairs, etc.
angela smiles, aware of the power she has over him.
harry is on the other side.
the man in the blazer dabs sweat from his face as he stands over brian.
david turns to the high school football field behind him.
buzzing surrounds them.
a man opens the car door for sophie.
she takes his hand, lifting his hat up to the peg.
a dry and faded flowery hangs on a hook.
they leave tim's portacabin,
seeing him come, octaviuos pulls two passengers from the train and holds them up.
he faints dead away, hitting the floor like a felled tree.
the boys swap wide-eyed looks on the back seat.
we just moved the rehearsal back to cedar lake.
as each boy comes down the others applaud.
holly, excited, runs over to april, who is busy taking the stroganoff out of the oven.
very slowly they lean together and kiss.
she looks at the scrapbook and grins.
he gets up and starts running.
the beacon glows brightly on the slopes of mount mindolluin, high above minas tirith.
indy struggles to control its descent.
the catholic priest looks out a simple stained-glass window, then turns to an offscreen mickey.
hal goes over a list of every registered green t-bird in the state.
harry leaves the rock, leaps away from the dragon, and jumps onto his firebolt as it swoops down into the arena.
a jet touches down in la.
he reaches a departure gate, gets the pass checked and goes through.
the hogwarts express is right behind them.
salim sounds on the roof of a train, hauling jamal up on a rope.
bond emerges from the range rover and enters through through the building's glass door.
hearing the news, sandra cries out.
it flies even further away.
john is nine; pearl is five.
holden grabs banky and pins him against the wall.
as the elevator descends, lovejoy glares through glass at them.
he talks softly, perhaps guardedly, with an occasional glance at the bedroom door.
he has stopped in front of neff.
the businessman takes his newspaper and releases the machine door as he turns to leave.
everyone is yelling at once.
with a loud flat crack something detonates in the front seat and the interior of the car is spattered with bright blue paint.
voldemort reins him in.
frodo is suddenly pulled to the ground.
a lone figure stands under a vaulted ceiling, silhouetted against a wrought iron and plate glass door.
ashton disconnects the metal bar and holds it against his chest.
he sits on a wall outside, with caroline in his lap.
cary puts a cassette into a tape deck, hits play.
photographers takes pictures as she lifts her sleek, jet black hair over her head and wades gracefully towards eleanor.
something whips past her face.
flings open the cupboard of small medicine bottles, and scoops them up into a sack.
from the table in the background comes gloria, headed for the powder room.
he rises onto his knees.
with a tentative step, he passes the window of a private room and looks inside.
skip lies unconscious in a hospital bed with a breathing tube in his throat.
bob turns to kyle.
now, baum dashes past agents clegg and madala on his way to intercept the fugitive.
andy finds nate watching tv alone.
a document is placed on the table.
ferris looks at the boys.
she walks past david to a counter where she begins to fold napkins.
he holds up both hands.
she turns to face the camera and undoes the ties on her dressing gown.
szpilman, mother, regina and father, with others, enter through one of the gates, which closes on them.
his eyes close as the figure enters the water behind him.
they struggle and fall.
uncle billy dumps the basketful of money out onto the table the money overflows and falls all over.
we fade up on butch coolidge, a white, 26-year-old prizefighter.
uncle ben's eyes close, and he falls to the ground.
munching a strawberry, he leads ferris through the large, cluttered living room.
he watches his reflection in a mirror as he sows.
he glares defiantly at sue and thao as the officer shoves him into the car.
he pauses for a moment, staring down at the youth.
forrest jr. stands next to jenny.
he jumps on his bike and rides off, displaying the tee shirt willie sent him.
denny crosses to meet them with his companion.
bone saw hauls his opponent out of the ring.
the 27-year old butch coolidge is dressed in boxing regalia: trunks, shoes and gloves.
at the bugle, robbie walks into the editor's office.
ond puts the plane into the dive working the controls furiously as the fighter loops to get behind them.
john and rachel watch a moment.
wind whips garbage across the parking lot as carolyn's mercedes pulls in next to buddy's jaguar.
harry is trampled unconscious.
frowning, he steps forward and pushes it open wider, and flicks on the light.
ben comes to on his motel bed.
the snake fixes its gaze on a boy in the crowd.
laurie strolls up to the front porch.
he waves, and nick waves back.
he walks behind the counter, and she sits on his lap.
jane looks her in the eye, then turns and picks up a folder from the table behind her.
the burlier of the two, burton, glances out as they pass people on the sidewalk.
it is quite small.
the buchanan mansion recedes into the distance.
the boys leave donnie in the car park and scramble over a chain link fence.
shire.60 years later camera tracks to: a figure lies beneath the dappled sunlight of an old tree.
john grins as the dogs play together in the shallows and more join the fun.
the very anxious customer stands like a sentry at post.
walter ignores the dude, addresses the germans.
she stares guardedly at him, then takes the seat facing his.
ray bones pulls a pair of black leather gloves from his pocket and steps around the desk.
the two men bow.
george tiptoes in cleaning his teeth a bandage over his ear.
then, allowing the man in black to drink first, he swallows his wine.
they are shirtless black men with bandannas round their necks.
her phone shows four missed calls from adrian.
pushing the airbag away, the skiptracer sees a squad car speeding straight at him.
ben meets her gaze.
and he nimbly scoops up his sword with his foot, catches it and as he dashes off up along the mountain path.
willie is hunched at the back of the safe, stethoscope to its surface, giving exploratory taps with two knuckles.
money piles up.
all heads turn to look at the stairway down into the planetarium.
the prison guard appears in the doorway, looking off in confusion at gandhi, then back at the office for guidance.
now violently shakes the ground.
joe breaks the window with his elbow and climbs out onto the side of the bus.
the still-spry dog goes after it.
she stands for a moment considering it, then turns and walks upstairs.
through it we hear lou's voice, heavily filtered.
the pov moves up behind the sister.
the salesman looks toward the bedroom door, hesitates, then reluctantly walks toward it.
the ageing dc-3 dakota lumbers down the runway, raising a cloud of dust in it.
a man delivers a bouquet of red roses to abby.
he wears dark glasses.
the camera goes slowly up to a sidewalk clock with a diadem of three balls, which stands outside the hock shop.
the cable falls free, and he crosses, still on his knees, to the girl, and repeats the operation, glancing over his shoulder to the open door behind him.
when butch and fabienne speak to each other, they speak in babytalk.
willie cracks open an ampule of amyl nitrate and inhales deeply.
eyes closed, billie slowly shakes her head and takes a deep breath.
she hands one to harry and one to ron.
he looks around with some satisfaction.
quirrell flies through the air and detects harry who falls over backwards.
makes his escape.
unfazed, don slugs him again.
the aide checks his map book.
the film quickly cuts to a brief look at lee and doug, still talking animatedly and smiling.
we see her image on the tv as he videotapes.
they gaze into each other's eyes.
the waitress hurries away.
students driving back the pursuing soldiers hack away at the staircase, smashing it to fragments - the soldiers below fire up at them - students fall, their bodies caught on the jagged remnants of the stairs.
he joins in.
at the party in the hotel ballroom, natalie, alex and ryan are at the bar getting drinks.
from his pocket he pulls out the few crumpled bills he has left.
christian is close beside andy as a tv journalist collars nigel and miranda.
2 more ringwraiths slide in from different directions to join the chase.
gurdeep helps satin open up the large tank.
she looks with sultry hatred in his direction.
whore 3 bites her fingertip and applies her blood to rouge fantine's cheeks.
a flashback of gatsby grabbing the wheel.
a taxi screeches to a halt at the edge of a fence a hundred yards away.
suddenly, the hedges close together behind him, blocking the way out.
and we push in on charles and marin, who watch, amazed, as the distant light rises into the sky.
she hands sydney her bottle of beer as she strides out onto the balcony in her bra and knickers.
the trooper is stopped on the shoulder just behind them, writing in his citation book.
fletcher looks out at the night, and urges an aboriginal lady indoors.
fantine starts to spasm.
he picks up an umbrella and in his mind, plans his attack on the corsac.
the vehicles cue to get in through the east entrance.
lovejoy walks alongside jack and slips the heart of the ocean into jack's coat pocket.
some way behind him are rambo, sarah and school boy.
frodo is unable to resist any longer, falls to his knees and slips on the ring.
looking, with a dead pan, from the file to hi.
myrtle flies around again and gets in the water.
boromir looks at them all then walks towards frodo.
his hands slide down the blade.
suddenly we hear the screech of the bike's brakes.
the camera looks through the bedroom doorway of a hotel suite into the main area.
out of the corner of one eye he sees something and slowly and with difficulty turns his head.
a melancholy expression's on her face, not looking at miranda who sits beside her.
bellatrix aims her wand at the huge windows.
on the bank above, it is huge in the mist.
she is hidden by a shelf; only elliot is seen as he talks to the offscreen lee.
peter looks concerned.
she nods slightly.
beverly, carol's mother, enters the room.
a cigarette by jameson threw out of the window is thrown back.
klaatu removes the electrodes and the operator collapses on the table.
for a moment, he glances out the window.
he peers into the shop to make sure there are no other customers, then quickly steps inside and stands breathing heavily.
on stage we see the huge figure of the commendatore in robes and helmet, extending his arms and pointing in accusation.
they watch for a moment as the train crash happens -- but it's so sudden, so fast, the camera picks up almost nothing.
kayleigh shakes her head sadly, then suddenly looks up.
the dude looks at the picture.
malcolm closes his eyes.
he turns around and sees her.
he has a thoughtful expression on his face and doesn't meet the man's eyes.
the senior airman driving the bus hesitates before reluctantly obeying the order and opening the door.
the ponytail man shakes his head moves behind elijah.
ron stares out of the window into the rain.
they take hands-ful, and make to eat.
ferrari pours a cup for rick, who takes a sip.
barnes fires back as taylor starts the police car.
people watch in mute shock.
ben picks up a can of beer and drinks from it.
the policeman looks back at his half a dozen men.
graham lifts up a plank and hold across the door.
they stand at the end of the dock looking across the bay.
phyllis moves away quickly and flattens herself against the wall behind the opening door.
delmar, moaning, looks blearily up through swollen eyes.
the third has a long, thin face and a beard.
crowds swarm around the vehicles as they slowly move along.
fantine looks miserable.
he sees words.
the last of the crowd exits.
he spots someone up ahead.
mrs. zyskind, holding a toddler, is cooking at a small stove.
he regains control and speeds off.
she has john and pearl by their napes.
he crawls towards graham and merrill.
in his office, jameson in the spider-man costume, minus the mask, leaps onto his desk a big cigar in his mouth.
finally, carriage pulls up outside a busy inn.
helen moves towards the hazy figure.
harken sinks to the floor and clutches his leg.
the white torch light angled low illuminates the limp straggly green leaves, which bend back as he pushes through them.
they both pause for a moment.
knocking him and his torch to the floor.
he stares at reggie and she stares back.
bernie heads out of the bar.
he looks at her warily.
her eyes filled with tears.
he shakes the bottle, fizzing the champagne up, then pours some into his wide-open mouth.
he stops, halfway up, listening, then, a weary sigh.
then the man in black copies inigo.
people clamber out of the water onto a grassy bank, sinking down to rest their weary legs, smiling and laughing with relief.
he kisses her again.
it is indeed tommy johnson.
mozart plays the first half of the march with deadly accuracy.
it flies over the head of a statue on the battlements.
he is sliding out of his side of the booth and easing in next to marge.
he presses his lips together.
harry runs towards hagrid.
sandman tries to grab harry, but the monster's huge arm shatters like glass.
john walks away, grinning.
tommy smiles viciously at lenny, traumatized to watch tommy pick up the lighter fluid and spray a liquid fuse from the campfire to the soaked gunny sack.
she turns and shouts.
deep gulps of air as the tail end of the ship sinks beneath the surface.
a blade shoots out, stabbing michael behind him.
the ponytail man straightens the wheelchair and starts down the aisle again.
the man looks at him wearily.
ash falls like snow.
the girls inside the salon pull back a curtain, and they all clap.
michael hangs his head.
she stops massaging, reaches for the oil.
harry does so and goes underwater himself.
cammie lies still.
something is floating across from us.
we shoot through the door; he quietly enters.
she falls, tumbling through the air -- -- and lands in the branches of a tree.
frodo screaming as the morgul blade is driven into his shoulder.
as he opens his mouth to make a sound, reggie, her eyes on dyle, rises quickly from the table and goes, leaving a very confused tourist with his mouth open.
julie and jim poke out of the top, looking a little wrinkled and worn.
he sees sarah lying prone in the pig sty.
the soldier raises his arms in triumph.
the guard waves them through, a cigarette ember glowing between his fingers.
he's been shot in the stomach.
it glides overhead, both engines on fire.
it is indeed george nelson, grinning and game despite his heavy restraints.
it floats in front of him opening as it does so.
wagging his tail playfully, marley's got the necklace.
dumbledore speaks briefly -- unintelligible from this distance, then -- caw!
he stares at andy, who gazes back then glances aside.
he gazes into her eyes.
they're thirtyish, and they've seen a lot of houses today.
indy presses the luger against his assailant and forces the nazi to squeeze off a shot into himself.
the air is thick with sand as he gets to his feet, trying to shield his face.
she starts ahead, fast.
outside, the sun is setting, casting a salmon pink glow over rosings.
the hooded figure lifts his head.
he checks its sturdiness, then checks the deadbolt.
the man in black, holding his grip as fezzik tries to stand, halfway makes it, but there is no air.
jenny grabs a hold of the ledge and carefully climbs down.
rose sings to herself as she gazes up at the starry night sky.
she shakes him again.
sarah drinks her drink.
waving her arms around jerkily, she draws closer.
this is a really crummy third avenue house -- dark woodwork, paint peeling from the walls.
joseph starts back to the barbell.
a moment passes.
edward pitches his plan to norther.
she throws her arms around him.
people in the building opposite begin to scream.
the doorman and the taxi drivers are staring after him.
keyes shakes his head suddenly.
indy and henry, followed by sallah, take cover behind a rock to watch kazim's men and the nazi troops exchanging fire below them.
in a yard outside, soldiers are playing basketball.
the theater is dark and quiet.
we are at the door of a grocery store.
they see dale pounding harken's chest.
across the street, winstead and hurt leave the recessed storefront.
harry moves towards him and kneels down beside him.
a guard on the wall distantly looks at them wonderingly.
a sinister mounted ringwrath steps into view.hooded and faceless, mounted on a huge snarling black horse with insane eyes !
he looks at her defiantly.
forrest paints a name on the side of his boat.
back in town, joe cycles up beside a community bulletin board and sticks a flyer on it.
inside, kate shows zoe around the apartment.
enrique keeps running.
then, leaning down to gin.
lewis turns away.
the woman walks away, leaving brody alone in the crowd.
young salim and jamal sit on the roof of the moving train.
he heads towards him.
in the cargo hold the two families run to a bentley.
a determined guard perseveres in chasing salim and jamal down a walkway and past a river swollen with rubbish, plastic bags, and green slime.
they touch glasses.
thelma has tears running down her face and she is watching the ground as she storms back to the car.
indy spurs his mount on to greater speeds but the autos not only keep pace with his horse.
he wears an all-in-one dacron-polyester stretch bowling outfit with a racing stripe down each side.
later they walk through a covered arcade.
removes his coat and opens a first aid box.
the bottle emptied, wick puts it in the sink.
she starts to get up when stuart stops her.
filch leans close as she gives him instructions.
finally the dog's legs stop moving and dangle lifelessly.
her attention slowly moves to the framed certificate.
prayer flags hanging from the eaves of the roof billow.
they go into a barber shop, where a distinguished man with gray hair, beard and mustache sits.
she places her right hand over the diamond.
juno recognizes the protester as a classmate of hers.
one man wipes tears from his eyes.
the graceful birds swoop amongst the carved oak beams and fly from one end of the great hall to the other, delivering letters and parcels to their delighted owners.
rambo draws his homemade machete and runs up to the cage.
in the distance, a railway line runs through the trees and a train is approaching.
mary pauses, turns, sees the patrolman, then the mechanic.
ba is spinning.
at their feet, they see a line of spiders following each other.
look nervous and frightened.
arwen looks into strider's eyes.
now among the marchers we see the ghost of valjean, singing with the rest atop the barricade, amongst the waving red flags.
in the school grounds, the kids and parents stand around chatting.
emily lies with her eyes closed, listening.
zed is in his office.
cala puts bowls on the table.
jimmy finds brian outside the door.
he hauls off the mask, then recoils.
we're looking through greenhouse windows at lester and jane in the kitchen we can't hear what they're saying, but it's obvious it's not going well.
harry grabs quirrell's hand.
a second, then a merchant stands, signifying his pledge.
holmes looks up at him.
a crowd has gathered to watch him.
mj, her arms wrapped tightly around spider-man, looks around in wonder and awe both at the experience and with him.
hani strolls over to ferris.
even ginny weasley refuses to catch his eye.
looking apprehensive, breen slowly makes his way outside.
she rushes now, going into the bedroom, camera following crazily, lurching and careening behind her.
dillinger smacks the back of the bystander's head.
the singing of the gravediggers begins a mournful swell.
she shakes her messy hair around, then faces the mirror.
merry is bitterly disappointed.
at this moment, they are all holding their breaths.
both gittes and escobar register considerable surprise at seeing one another.
he's about 14, and glumly looks down at a locket that he's holding.
wide shot, rising past six bicycles, thrown to the ground in a typical kid jumble.
their eyes meet across the dimly-lit room.
dusty settles down in the backseat and closes the door.
aragorn, legolas and gimli as they slowly ride towards the back of the plateau.
rambo watches the volunteers leave.
people are seated at a long table in front of a blazing fire.
an elegant redhead is waiting.
the one grandpierre gave reggie.
stars drift slowly in the blackness of space.
ashton lowers a sidebar.
thelma starts to laugh.
zus comes surging out of the trees, single-handedly decimating the germans caught off guard.
she is.
martin pulls a gun and plugs him full of bullets.
kate reluctantly walk over to the phone.
diana sleeps on the floor beside the girls and holds frannie's hand.
jack steps back over to the colonel.
dillinger wears a faint, sad smile as gable faces a fellow convict.
out in the street, holmes and the others see a massive fireball erupt from the hotel.
boxes of old toys sit in the corner.
still drinking, she turns to him.
the boats start to move.
charlie, who has a beard darker than his long, straggly hair, looks around furtively
they pass a few other people as they walk.
andy reluctantly picks up her telephone receiver and calls emily who's running down busy streets with some big bags.
she has a satchel in her hand.
amassed army of death eaters stands on a rocky outcrop, looking down at the school.
as they pass a bundle of fuel drums, indy uses the two sailors as leverage to kick up his feet and break open the clamp on the metal bands that hold the drums together.
hermione shakes her head.
then-- the moon slips through and-- inigo was right--something is very much there.
he turns away from his aunt's inquiring eyes and goes over to the french windows.
zus appears carrying kindling.
they follow his stare to the kitchen table.
his eyes settle on one old parchment.
to avoid flash's colleague peter flips into the air, somersaults and lands on his feet.
marge looks up from the car.
will turns on his cell phone recorder.
they lounged together beneath palm trees on golden sands.
he peers toward elijah.
harry and the others enter the boat house.
two thai sex workers leave bobby's.
next morning using a can of dr. pepper as a target, peter is busy fine tuning his wrist webbing.
the truck turns onto the bridge, and george takes a narrow catwalk at the railing.
george crushes her to him.
half asleep under a blanket bobbie adjusts his genitals.
he sees the sweets.
he massages the bridge of his nose with his fingers.
as he jumps, ducks and weaves, so the goblin attacks with his gloved fists.
he smiles, surprised.
she crouches on the edge of the band stand beside him.
indy uses his arm to demonstrate that he's referring to a direction and not a time.
partially caught by a blast, sarah tumbles into the water of the field.
the top of cole's head stops moving.
abdul starts to close the door on the man.
andy turns and looks at miranda.
aisha is standing by the window, consulting with a colleague.
she kneels and thinks.
gandhi is rising from the floor, where his spinning wheel sits.
then, very determined, he takes her wrists in his hands and pulls them away from her face.
they dance close together.
they kick up a sandstorm with flint trapped in the middle.
harry moves away, as ron leans closer.
felipe crosses the busy hotel lobby.
brandt's voice is hushed.
a police officer takes a piece of paper from the typewriter, turns to a microphone, and reads.
a crowd watches as the safe house burns.
evan, now dressed like his usual self, bangs a wooden spoon on a metal salad bowl that a poor theta chi pledge wears as a hat.
safely disembarked, the crowd of new students follow each other into the castle and up a wide marble staircase.
he notices that jamal's eyes are closed and that he's dribbling.
there are wooden homes on the riverside and harbors made of timber.
in flickering light he turns around and takes a deep breath.
benjamin pats thomas on the shoulder and takes a seat behind his father.
eddie pauses, smiling.
carrying sacks over their shoulder, jack and, fabrizio dashed into the ship.
she takes advantage of the moment and flings herself out, into the air.
howard her husband was there
he's letting a couple of the kids feel his flexed bicep.
his hair, only half-gray in london, is now white.
a piece of metal protruding at the front of the truck, punches into the cars door, locking the two vehicles together.
she reads a title.
in a plush suite at the plaza hotel, tom watches an employee chip away at a large block of ice with an ice pick.
camera holds as arbogast goes up onto the porch.
beneath the form is a piece of carbon paper and beneath that another form copy, which jerry periodically checks.
he has guided gandhi to the first step of the platform.
she stands and faces the water and the distant skyline across the bay.
they descend the porch steps, and george turns his uncle around and heads him down the street.
his face breaks into a smile.
laszlo and ilsa make their way through the jam in the lobby of the prefecture.
the dude is flying over the city, his arms thrown out in front of him, the wind whipping his hair and billowing his bowling shirt.
the film abruptly cuts to mickey's flashback, a visual counterpoint to the story he is telling holly.
dil turns the gun on fergus.
she gasps, disbelieving, but his hand is real.
having downed casey's drink, jane heads for tess and george.
civil rights activist roy wilkins comments.
mr. robinson turns and goes down the stairs, past mr. mccleery who looks up at ben.
the camera follows them, cutting to the restaurant's interior at the same time the sisters walk in.
pettigrew's small, watery eyes dart toward the windows and door.
sim whacks the corsac over the head with a bottle.
they rap on the door.
natalie kneels on the floor, transferring her belongings from her hefty suitcase to the neater, smaller wheelie case.
nick surreptitiously walks around to the terrace.
after a moment, a young man open the front door of the house, pauses, starts down the path.
forrest reaches over and shakes her hand.
mickey stops pacing and leans on the couch behind norman.
jacob goes into the living room carrying two drinks.
he points his wand at the goblin, griphook, who stands beside ollivander.
juno dials a number on her hamburger-shaped phone.
lizzie keeps her gaze averted from him.
he finishes in great glory, takes his hands off the keys with a gesture of triumph - and grins.
diving behind the parked car.
he sees his own reflection in a mirror.
a woman in a neat business suit approaches.
he stands at his room window, the frames weather-worn and in need of paint.
he sees the dark cemetery with the winged stone statue.
the camera focuses on tall bench bushes at the back of the yard, then, returns to the interior.
he corners sharply.
as platinum blonde celia, in a yellow playsuit, rings off, her husband creeps up behind her.
close to camera the dark shape moves into frame, watching laurie disappear around the corner.
the sergeant slams the billy club down again -- firmly, but with a manifest reluctance.
through the open door beyond them we can see a strip of the parking lot.
he closes the bird inside the cabinet and picks a single feather off his cuff.
everyone stands.
the elderly couple enter from either side of the camera and stand in the foreground, backs to us, facing the table.
they stand in a doorway.
the continuing track reveals a couple in bed, sleeping.
ricky and the colonel sit at the table, eating in silence.
walt sits down on his porch with a newspaper.
for the first time, he realizes the birds have stopped singing.
lupin grabs him tightly and holds him back.
a convertible smashes into a chasing police car, which is drawn alongside, then heads straight for peter.
as the kid creeps closer, he is able to hear their conversation.
finally he goes back to cliff edge, starts to talk.
his hands travel up to her blouse.
the pov moves back away from the sister's lifeless body, spins around and careens out of the bedroom.
harry hovers for a moment, then aims the firebolt down towards the gleaming golden egg, and triumphantly snatches it up.
breen picks the petrol pump's nozzle out of a large pool of gasoline on the ground.
in another exam room, a technician positions debbie at a mammogram machine.
three jews inside the van start to unload the stuff, dumping it in the yard.
diana timidly walks in and puts her hand on the counter.
victor finds hermione in the crowd and gives her a note.
eddie picks up the bottle and sets it before her.
he is holding an axe.
tom pours champagne into the seated nick's mouth from a ceramic goblet.
walsh shows him the photos.
they chant at the harper children.
chili can't believe it.
huge garden is covered in snow.
her five daughters set off behind their father.
hurrying down the stairs, harry turns, and propels a third death eater.
everything depends on frodo going inside the tunnel.
one year later, and wedding guests are gathering on a beach.
lester just laughs.
george's eyes widen as she walks in wearing a stylish black dress.
the camera focuses on the passage.
peter suddenly throws in a fancy move.
dumbledore moves around the desk and looks closely at harry.
evan sips from a beer cap as lenny and kayleigh make out in plain sight with tommy's bashful approval.
dr. redfield nods, awed by evan's effortless interpretation.
resuming their initial position, holding waist and shoulder, they whirl altogether.
he zips up her dress.
he strides resolutely through the crowd and halts just behind her and leans onto her chair.
at last gandhi has got a reaction, but the dropping of the card has been as matter-of-fact as his speaking, with none of the drama one might expect from so startling a gesture.
we continue to follow the line up, and bring in, close, the stern of ben harper's skiff.
he stares at lights in the sky which go out.
looking from the paper to rose, he sketches.
looking, he spies a rather ragged-looking rat (scabbers), pursued by a decidedly ugly orange cat (crookshanks).
venom snatches the sky stick from under him.
they both have white hair and long, white beards.
emily arranges a pile of magazines on miranda's desk before quickly tidying up her own.
she stares down at him.
michael is inside.
the drover rides up as they pull away.
peter marches off along the jetty away from brian, leaving him pacing furiously, hands on hips then on his head in despair.
the girl goes off and a boy of about eight walks up and sits on santa's knee.
emily walks away.
the worst confirmed, she moves down the narrow hallway, her innards squirting the same chemicals that drives elk on opening day of the hunting season.
harry finds himself surrounded by hooded dementors.
he nearly leaps out of his skin as a dumpster flies past him.
she grasps his shoulder and tosses back her long, straightened hair, then steps back as he steps forward.
she offers ben her hand.
the woman crouches beside the boy, looking into his face.
they arrive at captain mike's tugboat.
she moves past the anchored ships, beneath the bowsprits, trying pathetically to attract custom.
the gown billows, revealing his bare backside.
he goes down the stairs, as she follows.
one of the volunteers gives an oral examination to a woman.
holden remains in the swing.
she is an ethereal beauty, in sheer peach nightgown, covered by a gossamer matching kimono.
a few drunken party guests, including dave, are there.
cu, salieri, staring wide-eyed.
nearby mustached ismay sits with the captain.
again, spider-man sweeps the passenger up before he hits the track, and then places him in a web mat.
harry actually looks glad to see him.
smiling, he turns back to holmes.
wearing suit trousers, white shirt and a maroon waistcoat, jim sits reading a children's book.
he presses his forehead against hers.
bob looks over at jeep, sees him trembling.
it is, in fact, salieri's idea of paradise!
dwarfed by philomena, mr. oti walks away.
then a second hand appears.
the rockets are fired by the army.
cal rubs rose's arms.
he walks about ten or fifteen yards.
she watches benjamin through a venetian blind.
butch kisses her on the mouth.
she starts to kiss him again, but he stops her.
birdie's face falls; he takes another drink.
he gets to his feet and jumps from the vehicle onto another ledge, then shins off a drainpipe.
the wolf stops the hose, tossing it on the ground.
kyra picks up the spoon and takes a sip.
he wakes up with a cramped neck.
more flashbulbs pop as the men reach a sedan with a sleek bird-winged hood ornament.
he is holding a fancy black-and-red leather ball satchel (perhaps a sylvia wein).
observing him, morgan gets up from his chair and goes to his dad who is now throwing down his fork and is sobbing uncontrollably.
albus dumbledore falls from the astronomy tower.
in the distance, we see jamal running holding onto his photo of amitabh.
now indy and vogel struggle with one another, the chain still wrapped around indy's neck.
when evan comes to in this memory, the lit cigarette absently drops from his mouth and nestles into the folds of his shirt.
charlotte touches sadie with her slobbery fingers.
palm uppermost, he flexes his wrist again and another web shoots out and falls to the ground.
dil is lying back on it.
we begin to crane down to tighten on the absently staring hi.
as lightoller seats people in the lifeboat, one woman toting luggage tries to climb aboard.
she pulls out a bottle of floor cleaner.
the car pulls up and arbogast gets out of car, leaving motor running.
outside, purvis spies a window framing a view of two women, a tuxedoed man and a fourth person drinking and smoking inside.
he paces in front of one of his gun cases; the glass door is open, and a gun is conspicuously missing from inside.
at sunset, drover, in the saddle, leans down and kisses sarah.
he lights the cigarette.
he still watches.
minnesota fats sits in his chair, engrossed in the afternoon paper.
nick goes to the front door and finds gatsby outside, soaked through.
frodo slowly looks up, his eyes widening with amazement.
she walks offscreen to a nearby rack; the camera remains focused on holly.
his body dragging across the dirt, walter hangs onto dillinger's arm, grimacing in pain.
in a dark, peaceful forest, peter and mary jane, lying on a huge hammock-like web on their backs, are watching for shooting stars.
he calls back.
once again, everything appears normal the laundry room, the pool, his apartment door nothing appears disturbed.
the switch is flicked and the machine comes to life.
grandma is in the living room watching tv.
the train comes to a stop, and harry is among the first to get off, followed by an attractive girl about the same age as he is.
we see indy and vogel struggling atop the tank.
the corgis run through the clearing.
the japanese are searching the buildings on the beach.
at the munitions factory, holmes climbs over a barred gate and leaps to the ground.
kay and jay walk away.
hannah and liz are at a bar with a group.
the narrator, nick carraway, is with a doctor.
willie collects their stake money and prepares to toss the coin.
ron spots krum kissing hermione's hand.
don rings the bell beside it.
blocking his view of the ceiling is jason, whose face is now monstrous with rage, and whose cuffed hands are wrapped around evan's throat, choking the life out of him.
at the high table, professor dumbledore gets to his feet and looks around the whole.
a moon glows silver in the darkness.
seeing preacher, she drops two eggs.
it shows the back of hermione's head.
forrest jr. reads a book to forrest sitting next to him.
the magistrate searches the distant wall, the top of his desk, his twitching hands for an answer.
mrs. robinson stands at the end of it, looking at ben.
hitler pauses to sign them.
norman looks up, studies the man's face, his own face showing apprehension.
birdie rocks heavily; liquor gurgles from bottle to floor.
fats and eddie regard each other with amusement, sharing the private joke of pool hustlers.
he reaches for it as someone else whisks it away.
as she hands him his food, he notices a sign in the corner of the window that reads.
grimsrud smokes and gazes out the window.
she looks around to see herself disappearing, from every photograph in the home.
then he freezes.
older students are placing their names into the flame and others are applauding, cedric is one of them.
he steps outside the door and listens inside.
peter is with gwen.
andrews hurries past, carrying blueprints.
denethor looks down at faramir's unconscious body.
later, the girl with red hair is standing with wickham as charlotte and lizzie look on.
he is getting a little panicky.
they're tipped out of the cart and plummet.
they both look to the front door where a tall, skinny woman with wild, jet black hair stands.
she hangs on the air, the chains on her leg drawn to the sphere.
ryan runs up to the church entrance, opens the door and runs up some stairs.
the entire airport is surrounded by a heavy fog.
standing on the running board, dillinger grabs his arm as they drive away.
the kitchen is small and busy with cooks, waiters, washers-up.
lynn looks around helplessly, fear creeping into her eyes.
the reverse shows a disappearing waiter and the backs of many, many people sitting at tables between us and the very distant stage.
alice wipes the tears from her eyes.
gabriel clamps his hand over jeep's eyes.
harry sees a hologram on the card.
the pole is lying on the ground between them.
abby runs joyfully to her apartment.
he enters, sees the money on sarah's bed, puts down his cue case, and turns to see a crowd in the adjoining room.
tuvia looks deeply into his fearless brother's face and kisses him gratefully on the cheek.
harry rises, slides open the door, peers into the corridor.
holding hands, jack and rose approach lovejoy, who stands in the hallway.
she takes it out to see cal's name written on it in big letters.
his credit card is swiped.
she perches beside him on the edge of the bed.
ron is kitted out in his quidditch gear, including his leather helmet.
rebecca runs into the meeting.
the equerry reenters with cherie following behind him.
it's full of machinery and some kind of industrial scale construction is taking place.
neff has come out and hobbled to the railing.
it spins like a catherine wheel.
brett now sits in a lone chair before jules like a political prisoner in front of an interrogator.
the sun blazes down.
harry stands alone a little distance from them.
the young man searches susan's face, now takes her hand -- and together they start back towards the party.
they pull up to a luxury resort.
tuvia looks up sharply.
her father furrows his brows.
crystal blue waters wash the shore of a coastal city.
donny, the strike-scoring bowler, enters and sits next walter.
darcy is standing a little behind the group.
looking down at cedric.
frowning heavily, nick goes to look out of a window.
we intercut their faces, very close, as he speaks.
the alien holding it above morgan's nose.
david and elise go to kiss.
an ominous sound of angry voices comes from the other room.
lying outside the door, the bodies of jehuda, mrs. zyskind, their two sons and the toddler.
although we've seen him briefly before, this is our first real exposure to grown-up edward, who we'll follow from roughly the ages of 18 to 30.
harry's sleep is disturbed by dreams.
the policemen do nothing.
some small children stand near them.
he slides the shake back.
the snot-nosed kid is next in line, frozen by fear.
he is now looking at the windows of the apartments nearest to him.
elizabeth scoops up her daughter.
gandhi sitting, holding ba's hand, his eyes once more on the floor in their empty stare.
he stares amazed.
snape bends down and picks a plant with two leaves, which flutter like wings.
but, lizzie hurries to her room and shuts the door behind her.
dominic green and his guard get out of the car.
rick kisses her passionately.
jane and lizzie look around the room excitedly before being received by the bingleys.
julie nods and looks down sadly.
fields' body is on the bed covered in black oil.
whip takes the yoke and pulls back.
he glances at harry.
she approaches jeep.
helen goes to the umbrella stand, takes out the bottle.
using a large shell as a cup, dumbledore fills it with the liquid and drinks.
on stage we see the queen of the night fantastically costumed, furiously urging her daughter to kill sarastro.
eddie sits down unhappily.
as the kiss continues, she turns abruptly and walks out.
he aims his trolley, takes a deep breath, runs straight at the wall, and finds himself safely on the other side.
she sits with her arms pointed upward over her head.
inside nearby king's cross station, a dark-haired boy of 11, wearing a striped shirt, wheels a trolley piled with luggage and an animal cage along a platform.
again the figure of a man is outlined in silhouette against the outside brightness.
again fezzik charges, slower this time, but still a charge, and again he spins and creams the man in black against the rough boulder.
there is a woman standing nearby, wheeling a baby in a baby carriage.
in a different aisle, harry is pursued by a flaming serpent.
she is down to a tasseled bra and g-string.
he still hasn't smiled, but gandhi and charlie have.
vince continues.
the older man sips from a cup of coffee as it gazed fixed on norman, who wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.
a woman on stage reads her name.
john throws the hairbrush, striking preacher's head.
harry looks over his shoulder and spots a figure behind.
old report cards, books, toys and photo albums fall on the floor.
gittes moves over to the buick, opens the passenger's door.
her hand brushes against the knitting needles protruding from her totebag.
all about, the great stone wall is cracked and splintered into countless jagged shards.
he gives his head a stunned shake.
he glances around and picks up a goblet.
the dude is stunned.
neff just looks at her.
she greets mrs.
she tests the weight of it, and then puts it under the seat.
he knows what it is to lose someone.
they look at him like he's from uranus.
smiling happily, he stops and looks up at them.
this is the first time we have seen them.
a photo of dillinger appears onscreen.
she goes to see stuart in his office.
emerging from her room, aisha smiles at ferris.
george starts to run up the stairs, and the old familiar knob on the banister comes off in his hand.
on a jet, ryan gazes out of the window.
she shakes her head with a sad smile, then lowers her gaze.
shimon and malbin are trying to keep a chess game going on their knees.
as he steps through the doorway, an aproned woman rushes over to rose, then bends and picks up dishes.
she enters breathlessly.
lila pauses on the threshold, reaches in, feels the wall, throws on a switch.
they both seem easy and relaxed in the sunshine together.
gramov sitting by him is whistling.
peter is sitting with his elbows resting on his knees out in the open air.
it is firm and there is an edge of assertiveness to it that the captain doesn't like, but gandhi's unrelenting stare unnerves him.
professor slughorn and molly do the same.
rain pours down, soaking the cobbled street.
mickey is so dazed, he doesn't even notice.
jamal springs to his feet and stares, unable to believe his eyes.
they look to cooley for guidance.
later, andy is hurrying out of the benefit when she meets christian coming up the steps.
kate watches him
she stares at it.
after carol leaves.
he loudly pounds his fist on the counter in despair and frustration, then covers his eyes with his hands in sorrow.
bn notices the patrol boat as it rounds a headland in the river.
the redcap leads phyllis and neff into the shot.
major strasser is one of the reasons the third reich enjoys the reputation it has today.
norma walks over to a glass-doored cabinet and takes out a bottle of gin.
gandhi has already started to come toward the podium.
he keeps her strolling.
on the veranda, bo looks back into the living room through a broken window as graham heads out onto the lawn.
the time is counting down.
darcy looks at her defiantly.
the weasly twins are shouting, busy taking bets.
they set off down the avenue of trees at an easy pace.
harry takes a step back.
nehru crosses and kneels so that he is almost at gandhi's eyeline.
ginny and harry kiss amidst the mayhem.
david looks around as joseph returns.
they race back the way they came through the moonlit forest, stumbling over the uneven ground.
as he turns to run, a massive explosion erupts from the debris, throwing him to the ground.
inside the tent, harry lies on a bunk.
the gypsy man indicates a bearded man holding a goose.
she emerges with an armful of things.
zus drops a grenade into the tank.
sandra steps out of her sandals and climbs into the tub, facing him.
brian's new young signings looked troubled as their manager steps into the corridor.
she reaches into her shirt.
rick stands at the balcony outside his office and watches the germans below.
the boys flee through a playground from an out of control tank.
zoe gives a faint nod, and turns back to the tv.
gittes nods, turns, carefully replaces the items in the purse.
his face bloodied, louis sits up in the driver's seat.
harry speaks again.
his hands fly in to wrap around the grenade - too late - bright light.
as she drives, she glances into her rear-view mirror.
a beat, then the door handle begins to rattle.
jenny puts her hand out toward forrest.
the two girls hurry around the outside of the house, then across the wide expanse of lawn, looking for their father.
she puts her sunglasses on and primps her hair, then gets out.
she abruptly becomes still, eyes wide, as if sudden recognition.
harry takes off his rucksack.
pippin as he stares up at the vast night sky.
longson stares at the table as he smokes a cigar, while the other directors look away from brian's plaintive looks.
she takes a package.
an exuberant woman puts a garland over his shoulders.
reaching the closed window, he stops and looks through the glass into an office.
ben has not moved.
same shot as before, but now, prison lights are on; and a man, a prison guard, waits close inside door.
the wand's spot dances across the parchment, finds another dot.
gandalf is sitting in front of the fire, with his pipe.staring into the flickering flames.
luke looks blown away.
she comes it through from the sides.
evelyn is beside him.
in a two-line formation, before the chamber musicians, the ladies and gentlemen, set to their respective partners.
she rides an internal elevator and totters towards a reception desk with an apricot-colored briefcase.
harry looks up towards the high table.
they hang from hangers and sway slowly to verdi's rhythm.
led by fantine, valjean walks out of the chapel towards the cloister.
the germans stand about chatting and laughing.
chaya brings plates full of food to arkady's table.
he looks around, then turns and marches off briskly shoving his way through the crowd.
reluctantly, he opens his mouth.
at the blood running down his finger.
dumbledore flicks his hand in the air and the lights dim.
icey and willa enter the shot, their backs to us.
he switches on the overhead projector without looking at it.
at the bar, jacob smirks and rubs his head.
everett strides up to a portly middle-aged man who wears dark glasses and holds a white cane.
satisfied, he takes the scratcher out.
he takes a piece of paper from one of the cups.
he stands belly-deep in the river, easing a white-robed man back-down into the water.
he looks around, relieved that no one saw that.
as he sets her down her foot accidentally hits the front door and it swings open.
evelyn is breathing very deeply now.
the illness has been quick, and left him largely intact.
gordon heaves a lever.
asleep in bed, harry is having a nightmare.
elvis dances around in the same manner forrest did.
they glimpse a stoic figure and a fedora passing by as he shuts the door behind him.
the snitch disappears under the wooden scaffolding supporting the spectators' stands.
she looks at flynn, who respectfully removes his hat.
smeagol wakes suddenly, shaking, his face drenched in sweat, eyes wide in horror.
benjamin watches as she gets in.
fedora puts the box on the rock next to the lantern.
sam, merry and pippin ride behind, leading frodo's empty.
scobie holds the receiver in his metal hand.
delmar has reached the minister and holds his nose as the minister incantates over him and lowers him into the water.
he places his hands into his pocket and turns to rose.
he falls against the bell in a struggle.
spurting back into the syringe, mixing with the heroin.
he has a list of what he needs.
on the roof, kyle and audrey look out into the darkness.
he reaches out for the figure, who spins round.
the men turn in unison to look up the track.
emily fetches andy, who's holding her resume.
later, dinner is served at a long table on the terrace.
fresh, clean, well pressed dresses hang neatly.
lester turns off the faucet,
laurie closes the door and looks in at tommy and lindsey engrossed in the horror-thon.
he's now wearing a rolex and some gaudy ring.
zus looks across at viktor panchenko.
the pimp leads the captain down the middle of the whores to fantine who wears a filthy white dress.
a young woman, with spanish looks, sits parked, drinking a steaming hot cup of coffee out of a white styrofoam cup.
we see salieri, age thirty-one, a neat, carefully turned-cut man in decent black clothes and clean white linen, walking through the crowd of guests.
mrs. bennet is close to tears.
parrish moves deliberately down the hall, slows as he nears the doorway to the library.
mary enters office, crosses to her desk, sits down, rubs her temples, finally looks over at caroline, a girl in the last of her teens.
as the sheet starts to lift.
the teacher arrives.
she hurries to walt's house.
monday, video footage shows a long line of people standing outside buckingham palace, laying more flowers at the gates.
elaine turns into one of the doors.
mrs. weasley takes harry's face in her hands, smiles.
as he sits down in the center of the front row a couple of large men sit on either side of him.
he tugs down his floppy forelock and stares intently at his reflection.
lola meets his glance.
salim watches the girls cavorting with no interest.
the page turns to a set of interlocking v's.
from the living room has been coming the sound of wick opening the closet door and ransacking.
banky stands there, open-mouthed.
lights come on in the house and the butler, henri, comes out onto the porch.
alison follows to find sidney leaning out of a window.
the nurse shakes her head, a bit apprehensive about this strange man next to her.
the floor at indy's feet suddenly begins dropping away!
he flings it up at octavius.
his eyes start to open.
thelma waits in the car and moves over to the passenger side.
lydia and kitty are enjoying a card game with the officers.
looking fraught and agitated, tim turns away from the nurses' station, paces a little and sits down on a chair beside a water cooler.
they sit on the sofa together.
the volunteer looks down.
a handful of jewish fighters are lined up and shot.
photographers crowd round a car.
walt is in his garage installing window grills.
as he struggles to get up, flying feet knock him aside.
almost as far as the eye can see, row upon row of beef sides, hung on hooks.
she nods and moves away.
at nowogrodek, nazi soldiers stand guard as jewish men and women wearing yellow stars file into the ghetto.
two gendarmes approach him from behind.
he runs toward it and desperately grabs the receiver.
in an elevator, benjamin now looks in his 50s.
he just stands there and stares into the darkness of the hall.
graham makes a sudden right turn.
picking up a pen, he dips it into an ink pot, then sets about writing a letter.
she joins michael.
there are scratches on a door frame.
a plume of smoke from a glowing flare billows crookedly in the wind.
his hand shakes has he holds it out to voldemort.
one of the letters is sealed with wax.
he takes a seat between them.
a young man is looking over an assortment of luggage.
a man runs out into the street.
however, when he realizes they're discussing him, he turns away.
swinging gracefully with long of web.
harry struggles out of the vault and runs to a balustrade.
wearing cowboy hats, the officers head out.
he sees clothes laid out for packing in a bedroom off the living room.
he finds himself falling down into a crowded courtroom.
as the water rises, some are carried up the staircase while others are trapped against the ceiling of the room below.
his walk is unsteady, the wood blocks still strapped to his feet.
the first oncoming headlights slash at the windshield.
he drops the cup.
alyssa's head drops.
the spreading light falls on mail scattered over a tiled floor, and on clothes strewn on the floor further inside.
she looks over at him.
as hermione, ron and harry come out of the goblin's room, they stop on the landing.
the men look at one another.
hichens turns to the bridge door as captain smith enters.
the cable car still swinging in the wind, held up only by the goblin's strength.
the volunteers move up the boat en masse towards rambo.
he is wearing only a white loincloth, the shawl over his shoulders and sandals -- the costume he will wear for the rest of his life.
he helps charlie down as she carries the baby.
he walks to the entranceway, flanked by two stone lions.
grabbing onto a cable, jack stands on the railing of the ship's prow.
ryan raises his eyebrows.
they stop and look around breathlessly.
benjamin looks at a young guy.
the clerk turns sharply around.
irene turns her head and faces him.
ernie looks out through the curtain covering the broken glass of the front door.
he sees a seated man on the tv gesturing as rescue workers push a stretcher behind him.
rick walks over to a table and opens a cigarette box, but finds it empty.
boulders flatten orcs.
smoking, she looks out to the street lights.
indy puts the cross in his belt.
hermione slowly approaches.
they smile nervously back.
suddenly a big gust of wind comes through the opened window above her.
darcy, striding through cloisters in his gown and mortarboard.
the backmost row has stopped, facing away, only a few yards from the bushes that hide delmar, pete and everett.
a car passes by him.
the brumby trots towards drover, who holds out his hand to it.
michael, face tight with pain, trench coat back on, steps out of the alley, stares with determination at a dark storefront across the street.
billie stares back defiantly.
graham looks at his two children with foil on their heads.
holly, thrilled with mickey's overwhelming response, stands up, her hand on her head.
shep says nothing.
high above london, the car disappears.
in the crowd, jack turns to tommy.
clink the weights comes off the rest.
on the screens, we see live images of aliens.
flames pouring from the upstairs windows.
forrest and jenny hug on the bed as jenny's roommate pretends to be asleep, but is listening, horrified, with her eyes open.
he has a wild america beard.
flood waters gush into the train station's storeroom, sweeping an old office chair into the corner where mr. gateau's brass clock lies half-covered by a sheet.
harry wakes up quick, nearly wets himself as bones then casually steps into the office.
david stands at the lip of a tunnel that opens out onto the upper section of the second level.
beneath it, a low-rise bungalow perched on a gentle slope looks out over an uneven lawn under a cloudy sky.
holden shakes his head.
her shelves are filled with puppets.
splayed out on his belly, marley is hoovering biscuits.
from the window she can see the street, and a station wagon parked along the sidewalk.
she leans forward.
sitting on a toilet, pete plays online scrabble.
a guy asks a girl to dance.
pete makes a wood chipping splatter noise.
the devils in norman's mind cause him to close his eyes tightly and he shakes his head wearily.
the kid's eye is indeed black and blue.
lilka passes ammo to those with guns.
harry overhears them from an adjoining corridor.
graham halts, raises the torch and peers into the tunnel of foliage ahead.
back at her apartment, she is idly brushing her teeth when she wanders out of the bathroom and catches sight of the closet full of dresses.
he walks towards magarri and the horses, as her eyes fill with tears.
a police commissioner moves to gandhi's side, demanding his attention.
he is wearing flannel pajamas like all the rest of the patients.
silt swirls.a thin white hand reaches down.grasping the ring.
uncertain, she steps closer.
willa walks to meet her image in the mirror; her eyes on.
the motion picture theatre has become a burlesque house.
later peter strides towards his lock and examining his wrist as he goes.
he puts the high-tech goggles on.
with a sullen glare, rambo fires up the boat's motor and adjusts the tiller.
the crowd watches breathlessly, the newspaper reporter stares.
as his hand chinks free, pete does not react to his newfound liberty.
matthews falls still.
people get up and begin to leave.
jeep drives audrey, charlie, and the baby away.
hermione's eyes are wide open and staring.
willie follows marcus behind the wonderland backdrop.
a tiny, beautiful city rising steeply out of the arabian sea with tall, thick-walled buildings, half-fortresses, half- homes, their white walls tinted amber and gold now by the early light of the sun.
on the far side, a tomb rests on the tiny island.
the chainsaw drops to the floor on the end of the man's limbed arm.
the approaching train can be heard.
her eyes brimming with tears, she steps into the center of the room.
and the audience cheers him.
fire falls through the ceiling.
ben goes to look through an open door.
fergus puts his foot on dave's neck.
darcy takes a couple of steps forward, looking like he's about to say something.
she becomes a ball of light and passes through harry.
evan looks stunned.
rose grabs jack.
magarri checks the water.
harry relaxes, enjoying the sensation.
ater surges up an empty corridor, splintering furniture and knocking doors off.
celia gently dabs the cut with a cloth.
he pulls the bathroom door closed, does up his shirt cuff buttons and puts on his watch.
another baby starts crying.
jamal is slumped in a chair opposite the inspector's desk.
she holds onto a wall-mounted ballet bar as she puts her right leg up tightly behind her.
followed by fang, malfoy turns and runs, still carrying the lamp.
two beaten metal file cabinets sit beside it.
as the count steps back a moment.
he seems hesitant, unsure of himself.
he takes out the driver's window.
sitting placidly in his car seat that sits in the middle of the road in front of the bank.
gale registers understanding.
a gryffindor chaser, angelina, grabs the quaffle and heads straight for the goal.
red pustules break out all over filch's face.
jinnah stands by one of the great pillars of the immense portico.
he looks at harry reassuringly and leaves.
then he throws it into her lap.
escobar and evelyn move slowly toward the door.
now, the man opens the door and finds an adolescent girl with a massive golden-brown curl sleeping face-down in bed.
eowyn stands before him, the fell-beast's blood dripping from her sword!
harry, hermione and the young weasleys crash to the ground with a thump.
he shouts back at her, turns and goes out of the room.
the entire class steps back, leaving harry in front.
gloria looks at him, then at her hand.
harling snorts a line and offers a hit to charlie and hugh.
two-shot of hi and the cashier, who is stuffing bills into a grocery bag.
ben rushes into the sunroom and sits down.
lester is asleep in the back seat.
the queen removes her spectacles.
howard lies in a puddle of blood on the floor, gasping for a breath.
he looks at don's lapel, mystified.
michael drops down through one of the skylights in a shower of glass.
laurel rolls her eyes.
slughorn looks across the room at harry.
she stops at the edge of the wharf; the camera continues to move, to a group of wooden pilings nearby, lapped by the water.
as he hesitates, we are able to see the cardboard box he is carrying has the name of a laundry on it.
lurtz takes aim.
now, the white owl flies back towards hogwarts.
he roars with laughter and slaps hi heartily on the back.
abby picks it up and looks around, frowning.
josephine tries to hold him back, but he gets up and leaves.
he holds both his hands on a ten-fingered keypad, pressing down hard.
brody disembarks from the train along with the other passengers, a cross-section of arabs and tusks.
graham stands stock still.
she reaches down to forrest's crotch.
tess pouts and flounces back to her fitting room, tripping over her hem as she goes.
he gives the ice cream to mary without comment and sidles back toward gower.
kyle raises his mp5 to fire upon the dark shapes that surround the vehicle like swarming insects.
as they run in the opposite direction, a man, the boy's father, steps into the hall.
he raises his camera.
michael pulls out twin mp5s for himself.
mickey puts the cake down on the coffee table, which is already crowded with assorted plants, plates, and a bamboo tray holding utensils and napkins.
he stares at her, surprised.
emily is wheeled down a hospital corridor on a gurney.
lenny bends to scoop up the knife he dropped.
many of the people are the same who were present during the run on the building and loan.
people have to duck out of the way.
he makes straight for amitabh.
one man is down.
tom looks round and sees marlene looking at him as if she's waiting for him.
during this, fezzik, using all his strength, has managed to get westley into a right angled sitting position, while inigo brings out the miracle pill.
ben stares down gravely.
with a final effort, he stands, reaches up, and touches the sphere.
couples wearing forming evening wear stroll or stand about chatting.
and he leans over and kisses her.
graham stares wide-eyed at the screen.
jack stares up at rose.
he glances down the street.
then the door closing and the daimler pulling off.
the kid gets off the bed.
he closes the door and walks through his dark foyer; he carries a brown bag.
nearby is a child's rocking horse.
tess nudges her bored friend.
in two of the photos a gnarled cane is visible.
inside, harry continues making his way up a spiral staircase against the tide of students.
with trepidation, she glances at him again.
david drops the bar back in its supports.
she wets the cotton with disinfectant and begins cleaning the wound.
a dark-haired steward rounds the corner.
a great moving mass of humanity.
soldiers stopping nima's brother tenzen from following the truck as it drives away.
he disguises a look of amusement, then steps aside for her to pass and follows her, as she strides towards the hall.
rose lays her hand on dark haired trudy's shoulder and sinks against her chair.
it takes his breath.
dillinger stands and walks away.
darcy prowls through the hall, his face set in grim forbearance.
great waves of people kneeling.
tina, a 24-year-old , disoriented woman with curlers in her hair, wakes up.
loomis makes it to the front porch and tentatively steps up to the door.
henry pulls out his watch.
indy takes off his hat and looks down at the off screen action.
percy grabs a frying pan and throws it a gladys, hitting her.
graham turns and calls to merrill, who strolls off in the other direction.
they at least have all of jeff's attention.
the boat moves off.
we see two women in saris cleaning the toilett.
he sweeps down the orthanc stairs.
bernie races her from the couch to the door.
ricky kneels, gazing at lester's unseen face.
as he starts to push it up, his mouth contorts with effort, and a large vein stands out on his forehead from between his eyes up into his scalp.
hermione catches harry's eye.
he looks over at debbie who is oblivious.
he rips the clothing strip from his boot.
aragorn looks at her sadly, not wanting to hurt her.
at the back of the hall, inside the house, stands ben, dressed in a full length skin diver's wet suit, flippers on his feet, the oxygen tank strapped to his back, the mask pushed up his forehead, the air hose dangling.
as the dude opens the door.
mister ditkovich barges past peter and into the restroom.
they're thrown into the diner.
they arrive on jenny's niche tree-lined street.
an excited quince drains his drink and heads for drew as allison appears.
at the far end, at the t-junction with a main road, a tram rumbles down the street and comes to a halt, disgorging passengers on the far side and so out of sight.
the tip of his wand blazes.
he ignores the panic maul and leans out an open window.
he then puts his laptop, his shoes and his suit jacket into the trays.
she puts her arm around his neck and kisses him.
jenny takes a seat across from him at the table.
it spins him off.
video footage shows a large park packed with thousands of people.
there is one light burning, behind lisa's head.
they apparate in a quaint, snow covered village.
the camera is low, shooting along the track toward the light of an approaching train.
the dog scampers upstairs.
the soldier looks underneath the hut for the girl.
and the thing looks at him.
he nods slightly.
once thurmond is gone, willie turns around and goes back to lighting the candle bags.
frodo as he realizes that he has been stripped down to his underwear.
elaine gets up, goes to the door and opens it.
several armed agents remain behind on the sidewalk.
something is there.
he merely watches in the glass as tommy turns up his collar and steps out into the cold miami day.
he sits in the chair by the window, waiting.
kay has himself in the bug's face, its dripping fangs inches from kay's face.
the serpent smashes against the stone head again.
voldemort's face appears and screams towards harry in a violent rushing wind, knocking him off balance.
benjamin sits down, and they eye each other across the table.
she pulls up the doll's striped skirt and red polka dot top.
the boy is pushed into another hut, where the commander is sitting.
harry smiles and crosses over to join him.
it appears to have no effect.
she turns to him.
she gags.
rick stares at the floor, then looks back up at renault.
switching tactics, abby slips into seductress mode, tracing her finger up and down his arm.
it is a raw, gusty day, and his overcoat and muffler flap in the breeze.
while he does so.
as the big wrestler charges, peter on his back on the floor, lashes outwith his right foot into bone saw's body and face.
deagol turns to look at him, a smirk on his face.
there is a murmur of acknowledgment from all the people on the ground.
annina meets renault in the hallway as she leaves the gambling room.
harry finds a pumpkin bomb to hand and hauls it after him.
they look into each other's eyes and their lips meet again.
nick is wide-eyed with surprise as he watches kate stride off to the walk-in fridge.
miranda's wearing a black, off-the-shoulder gown.
she smiles, self consciously.
they both stare at the tv in shock.
the general's men open up as camille and bond struggle.
the receptionist looks up at natalie and ryan tearfully.
he plugs in a charger and checks his iphone.
archive footage shows a younger diana smiling as a photographer snaps her picture.
the horses rear and buck in terror, turning and the three horses disappear.
the grogans walk across their leaf-strewn lawn, john carrying colleen on his shoulders.
dumbledore takes it and reads.
as we move slowly around a corner, angela comes into view, standing at the stereo, holding a cd case.
pushing aside a branch, hermione stares at herself in the past.
the door of dumbledore's study opens and harry steps inside.
harry and his friends climb the moving staircase towards a portrait of a fat lady holding a glass and singing.
mighty wooden catapults positioned within the walls of minas tirith are fired.
mighty wooden catapults positioned within the walls of minas tirith are fired!
phyllis dietrichson stands looking down.
the bottle pops into his hand.
as he goes, camera moves with him.
brody has been left alone in the tank.
their car speeds off with dillinger and homer on the running boards with their hostages.
mike looks at abby.
he is wiping his parched mouth.
phyllis has reached the entrance hall, and as she walks toward the front door her whole body becomes visible.
she looks at him with tears in her eyes.
they open.
keyes rejoins them at this point.
their courage wavering with each crashing.
he reaches forward to wipe clear a patch of windshield.
john looks at his wife, then they smile and hug.
the multicolored fireworks spiral down and explode, scattering the papers in all directions.
sidney's smile returns, and he hurries up the slope towards them.
his eyes fixed on peter, brian gets out wearing a heavy frown.
harry winces and touches his scar.
then he turns and heads back to his car.
the black gates collapse in a huge cloud of ash!
the camp is a hive of activity.
beneath a cloudy sky, juno drives under a road bridge, passing a freight train on one side.
hagrid presses a button.
a lion's head looks out from a crest formed by a garland of film, metro-goldman-mayer, which features the words.
and as he says that, a r.o.u.s comes flying at him from off- screen.
aron brings zus a gun, which he slings over his shoulder, patting the boy affectionately on the leg.
edward holds up his hand, counting the names on his fingers.
the rickshaw comes to a halt outside a store.
nick sits on the edge of the couch, glancing at the ceiling.
others play on swings.
buttercup, shutting the door of the honeymoon suite, crossing quietly to the far wall where she sits at a table, opens a jeweled box, and takes out a very deadly looking dagger.
then these words come to us on the wind.
she opens the top and dumps her clothes inside.
jack and rose make their way to a railing near the rear of the ship and turned back
jamal looks pleadingly at latika.
tears fall down pippin's face as he looks on his friend.
but she breaks out of the hug and grabs his shirt, intense.
nagini is curled up in the boat house.
she has a rich body.
he looks up, deeply distressed.
he leans against the corridor wall, deep in thought.
water streams down the exposed propellers as they continue to tilt upward.
bogrod, in his happy, mesmerized state, sits behind his fellow goblin, facing back of the track.
she smiles bleakly.
mozart bows frantically: he is over-excited.
the combined weight of the three people is more than the catwalk was intended for, and the bolts begin to rip from.
bassam gives ferris the finger and walks down the track.
finally parrish rises from the table, starts out.
now she wants him to come.
they sit at a table in a cafe.
blinking furtively, purvis allows a faint smile.
everett sits on a stump, expressively telling a ghost story as pete and delmar gaze at him from below, wide-eyed and rapt.
they hurtle around until hermione lets go and harry falls down the hole under the tree roots.
and with that, pumpkin and honey bunny grab their weapons, stand up and rob the restaurant.
sam steps out of the cafe onto the sunny street, the wire from his hands-free kit trailing down his white t-shirt to the phone in his hand.
she hugs him warmly.
the driver's door opens and a caped and hooded figure walks to the fence.
as the train hurdles towards the river, a desperate looking spider-man fires webs at buildings.
although she is still not high enough to see anything, by standing on tip-toes she is able to reach with her hand over the top and grope around blindly.
harry and ron look around at the overflowing sinks.
the man heads off.
john's asleep, slumped over the scrapbook.
they enter a wood paneled room through a door framed in green marble.
she stops and looks down, as does don.
and then flashlight beams cut through the darkness.coming to rest on michael's pale face.
folded over in the front seat.
the door swings shut behind them.
her head leaps back.
bob hangs there, impaled on the wall, eyes still open in horror, dead.
lupin's eyes glaze in memory, then he blinks, smiles.
debbie opens the door.
myrtle laughs and harry is embarrassed.
he bends down for a kiss.
harry sits with elphias.
now at the courthouse, adrian faces a petite clerk.
at the graduation, peter's classes photograph.
she brings up a waste basket as he throws up.
the king of the dead snarls and raises his deadly sword above aragorn' s head.
an engineer pulls down a thick lever.
charlie stares at percy, leaning in the doorway.
greene gets in his car and bond's prisoner tries to break free.
jenny reads a book on the bus.
wearing a hat, he stands off in the background, watching.
he and two or three customers are listening to race results on a little radio.
gittes spots a card tray on yelburton's desk.
the lipstick he put in the machine gun belt is fed into the breech, jamming the gun.
bilbo pulls out the ring.he stares at it in his palm.
the three children flee the scene.
ron goes white with fear.
lydia dons kitty's bonnet.
as a lamp falls from the ceiling with the impact of indy's fall, hitting a huge black rhinoceros.
dillinger unlocks the steel door.
she turns back to the crowd.
next to her is a man dressed in the uniform of an american air force officer.
frodo shakes his head.
at the camp, shimon and malbin are hunched over their chess set.
tommy glowers and points at the steward, then runs downstairs.
he goes back into professor trelawney's cluttered classroom.
he gets on gabriel's back, with his arms around his neck.
they approach a lake.
she holds her hand in front of his mouth.
she picks up a book with a note attached to the cover.
emily beams, and then leans over and kisses him on the cheek.
he slips them into his pocket, then approaches rose.
dil makes her way through it.
irwin has turned to him.
eddie leans up against the wall, listening.
its toppled vase on a small round table above, the naked bulb still glowing brightly.
alfred and violetta are batting the drinking song back and forth, as the chorus, glasses in hand, stands slowly swaying, echoing each couplet.
nullah, hiding behind the gate, opens it.
they walk through the glass door and into the meeting room.
mirabehn is spinning across the room.
leaves and stalks slap him from all directions.
greene's crony is carrying a bag.
col pushes a colored cocktail with one of those japanese umbrellas toward him.
at a bank, within the great hall, the students are wearing their robes and pointed hats.
she hangs up, looks briefly at tex's body, shudders, then hurries to the door.
she comes over, sits down.
he turns back in reggie's direction.
a soldier walks in a nearby paddy field and tosses a primed grenade.
he has already seen the shower curtain on the floor.
harry looks puzzled for a moment.
elizabeth glances towards the door.
lenny wraps his arms around him and applies a tremendous bear hug.
holmes parts the curtains and sees nosegays lying on a table.
ben gradually responds to her touch.
she peers into the kitchen, where benjamin is busy making the tea.
standing, pete replaces sadie's music player with his own.
mike and abby make their way onto the crowded dance floor.
lisa finds what she has been looking for.
szpilman stumbles, falls to the ground, in front of him the closed ranks of the jewish policemen's backs.
in school, kids mill past robbie, who sits alone on the stairs, his head bowed.
benjamin gets out clutching a bunch of flowers.
connie and the kids enter a bedroom and look about in wonder.
gandalf kneels before sam, merry and pippin -- who are all looking tearful.
he picks up the mail on the floor.
peter is wide-eyed as he gazes forlornly at her.
a little boy sitting in a chair next to evan is talking animatedly with a girl who is leaning over the arm of the sofa.
he gives a grave shake of the head, then takes a seat on a stack of shipping pallets.
gimli suddenly stands, excited.
they are seated at the breakfast table.
billie looks him in the eye.
george drops his hand with a shudder.
angle on: shelob heaves the great bag of her belly high above sam's head.
smuts looks at gandhi, a little surprised at the frigid tone of that refusal.
he goes to a pensive, a hovering shallow metal basin.
jackson unbuckles it
parrish blinks, has he heard something, has he not, he is not sure, he releases his arm, his grimace of pain fades, the discomfort seems momentarily to have subsided.
he turns the boat around in calm water and heads away from the scene with barely a backward glance.
charlotte weighs up her options.
there is a look of horror on his face now.
she steps towards him.
scabior touches her cheek and sniffs her neck.
they pass a trembling customer.
the dude walks up to the bar.
they look back towards the hippogriff.
pete looks down at the box and smiles.
edward and karl come to a bend, where the paved road veers left and an overgrown dirt road runs straight.
darcy turns to look at her.
sidney reaches into his shoulder bag and proffers a red tee- shirt.
the hands belong to mr lipa, a dealer, early fifties.
bleeker retrieves a book from his open locker.
he pulls away.
elaine comes out of the classroom.
buttercup looks beyond exhaustion.
sarah and drover stand together in each other's arms, kissing.
joe's dad jack is there with air force colonel nelec.
ted and stephanie frown at him.
forrest looks up with shock.
the woman wears a top similar to billie's.
one of his hands holds on to her skirt, as if he were pulling her towards him.
audrey turns around.
tuvia tries to compose his face.
eponine opens the letter and reads it.
outside in brilliant sunshine, the three friends stroll aimlessly along the ruined bridge, with its broken balustrades.
enjolras falls back through a window.
german voices shouting and their heavy footsteps on the stairs.
nullah looks up and a twister starts to form in the dust in front of the house.
this is followed by tony addressing some members of the public.
squad cars surround the skiptracer.
the door to renault's office opens.
later, the two young men run along the dock.
george leaning on the bridge railing, praying.
they turn towards each other.
her parents study her as she reads it.
ahead a truck has spilled its load of crates of fruit and vegetables.
as she holds her wrist, purvis leans over to her.
he is the driver of the car.
he looks around nervously, scared.
fish and other animals are attracted to it.
the end of it is orange and white with heat.
the old man emerges from his bedroom.
later, the subs creep just above the ocean floor.
both look at the stairs, where dietrichson is going up.
voldemort begins slashing angrily at the hooded figures.
she seems irritated with him, but it doesn't go with what she's saying.
she withdraws behind the door.
punch and judy are batting each other on the head.
he wears beige boots, white trousers and shirt, a dark-blue blazer and a bowtie.
unfashionable andy, who is slender and has long, dark hair, walks out of her downtown apartment followed by a gaggle of young schoolchildren out on a trip.
juno waddles up to him and looks him straight in the eye.
charlotte and lizzie are talking.
on a preview monitor, the gnn gallery crew watch footage of an assassination attempt on president ashton.
george is standing at the garden gate.
the second man is standing near the divan looking out the window with the binoculars.
bo holds up one arm.
he holds her tight.
arwen gathers the small hobbit in her arms, feeling his life slip away.
ben's arms come into view and pull the mask down.
hi obliges but shoots sympathetic glances at ed who is obviously upset, wiping away tears and snuffling behind the camera.
the fellowship run across a forest floor strewn with yellow flowers.above is a roof of golden leaves, held up by silver pillars.the trunks of huge, grey trees.
in a science lab, the small black globule slips off the microscope and makes a beeline for peter.
he walks halfway down the aisle and stops several rows behind delmar and everett.
a tuna salad sandwich drops into the collection tray.
the spider grabs ron through the open window.
szpilman watching from his window, looks in the opposite direction and sees smoke rising.
the carburetor will not set properly.
the roar of his engine and clank of his chains recede as the biker gradually dissolves into thin air.
as other mourners begin to disburse, zoe turns to kate.
she puts the picture in the grave.
feeling under the jeans again, he removes a battered folder.
mike turns and faces abby.
in the field office, purvis and his agents listen to madala.
henry's fingers open the lighter and ignite the flame.
nullah rounds up a lone steer which strays off.
right behind the door stands the shape wearing the rubber mask.
the door bursts open, and moody is flung hard against the stone wall.
he sweeps them to the floor.
gatsby's immense mansion is lit up at night.
he records the upper windows and one of the many arches in the plaza.
chili looks at the bear.
carl leaves his apartment and locks his door.
he looks around the corner, then back to his girls.
and winds a lock around it.
reflected in the mirror, he gazes down into the shining blue bowl.
beside them is a radio set, which he switches on.
the host shakes his head.
the queen walks over to robin.
carl steps back and puts an arm around elaine's shoulder.
engineers slam the furnace dampers shut.
words from the entry begin to shimmer.
a glob of chewed burger shoots out of his mouth and lands with a splat on the back of the woman's cream jacket.
they continue walking, coyly avoiding each other's gaze.
as buttercup and westley begin their ultimate kiss.
dillinger unfolds the page to reveal a handwritten message.
she snatches jack's sketchbook.
juno examines the comic.
he laughs; the guests laugh with him.
she finds it in the front room, takes out her brush and lipstick and stands in front of the mirror primping.
hannah walks into view, headed for the refrigerator.
outside, homer bashes the cop with the butt of his rifle, uses him as a shield and fires.
lizzie gazes up at the portrait.
he unwraps the cupcake, then takes a large bite.
in the playground, the empty swings begin to move.
evelyn remains unperturbed.
joe looks at easter, curiously.
as aberforth, and those with him turn back to continue the fight.
she goes into the office.
he peers through it into a command center.
she reaches her hands up to let under his chin, which is level with her face.
harry strides up to mcgonagall.
as dillinger sits with a worried look, his face tilted down, the overhead light turns on, bathing the audience member's faces.
asael drops his head in shame.
charles wants the tie around the curtains, still hanging on the wall that now has a hole in it; military vehicles can be seen driving past outside.
emily glances at ben and plays with a blade of grass.
he tries to drag her back under the table.
struggling to stand up.
she strolls through the spacious rooms and comes into the bedroom, making a beeline for the bathroom door.
the child, now in aragorn's arms looks directly at arwen.
they smile and dance together, back and forth.
as harry moves down the stairs, voices come from below.
as the water spills onto its shoulder, an angry red wound erupts in its green gray skin.
at longbourn, the gardiners' four children are playing on the lawn when the carriage pulls into the driveway.
stokes's pace is brisk and the midget hops awkwardly to keep up.
almost reflexively he holds his hand out to indicate the height of his son.
he jumps down, is about to dash towards janina, but stops dead.
the film shows the doctors's hands turning the dials on a sonometer.
molly passes cal, rose, and ruth.
marcus takes the cover off the vent and clamors into the duct.
the colonel is smiling, enjoying the show; barbara just stares.
the two of them have by now crossed the pond.
harry picks up the shell and steps over to the basin.
mary jane bites her lip, clasping her fingers to her throat.
she regards us apprehensively.
in the bathroom mirror we see bert asleep on his bed.
fergus removes his foot.
a woman is hit and collapses.
darcy glances at the card game in progress, then crosses over to lizzie.
more people rush on board the ark.
she rips a cute kitten poster off the wall.
the feather floats higher into the air.
frodo and sam lie asleep amidst scrubby bushes near a stagnant pool.
he picks a shirt.
the baby lies just feet away on the steps.
pete and everett hastily crabwalk back into the bushes and then push through with delmar.
he sits at his computer and logs into company records.
a descending candle moves past a window; rachel and preacher sing o.s.
as ed turns back to the bedroom.
he beams at her.
they splash harmlessly on sodden ground.
mike backs out of the elevator, looking shell-shocked.
michael stares at gabriel but doesn't move.
forrest stands next to the mailbox.
-- they both go flying, land on their pants in the snow.
it stops them all.
forrest and his followers jog through a small town.
she holds up a bracelet.
a disgruntled audience member yanks out the microphone plug; stokes continues to mouth the inaudible words.
they come from the dude's walkman, the headset of which is now askew, with one arm off his ear.
further down the hill, some dogs mooch about.
sadiki looks at a tv which plays news footage of the bombing.
laurie bends down and shields them from the sight of the shape.
the dog sensing a kindred spirit starts to growl and bark.
both subs glide of the wreck and illuminate twisted metal shapes encrusted with grayish growth
evan inserts his last quarter into the lobby pay phone and dials a telephone number.
evan looks up to see one of the men leaning over the second tier, karl, a huge muscular con with tattoos of swastikas and other nazi symbols on his arm, blows a kiss at evan and winks.
forrest lies down on his bed and looks up.
she looks at his sturdy, black briefcase.
a moment later the manager, an old italian guy in a black suit, joins him in the doorway.
he slips a little black box out of his shirt pocket.
he leans back thoughtfully in the driving seat.
she hits it a few more times, then tosses away the stick.
seeking reassurance.
he looks at ron.
he heads to the cupboard under the stairs.
he punches spider-man through the back of the van, ripping the door off.
as he stalks closer, the tree working class men exit the lodge.
the tv is on.
louise opens the trunk.
javert stands at the edge of a steep drop into a massive swirling sluice.
sophie tries to tell him something but gittes goes on into his office.
tossing it on the ground he walks over to the ticket booth.
david turns and briefly glances at holly; he then turns back to april.
harry sees his father and the shadowy figure of spider-man.
one coffin is elevated above the others.
on seeing the queen, he removes his cap.
louis looks in his rear view mirror.
jacob turns back.
harry and hermione -- their view unobstructed by the low stand of trees this time -- watch the executioner approach the pumpkin patch.
a group of wounded soldiers hang out in the hospital, recuperating.
louis, who has heavy sideburns, steps inside the house, then immediately comes back out.
still standing by the steps, jackson wearily removes a life jacket from its container.
carolyn and buddy are deep in conversation.
he darts down the basement stairs to daisy who lies sprawled on the bloodstained floor beside a wash basket.
harry stoops and goes into the tunnel with fang just ahead.
they are locked in a passionate kiss.
they are still bickering.
he walks into his kitchen and leans against a worktop,
they get to their feet.
ron looks petrified.
he grabs the saw and a cloth bag, hurries his little brother away, past a flock of ducks.
the brethren are firing at the donovan party and are being fired on by the donovan party.
she keeps hers fixed on him.
the police car pulls up on the roadway behind him, and bert comes into scene.
benjamin stands with his hands in his pockets.
seeing that he's not looking, she inexplicably nudges a table of sweaters a few feet over.
she straightens his bow tie.
jack and rose hold hands as they kneel beside one another.
jeff, getting angry.
he picks it up and walks off.
harry looks back at the sword.
fats is still in his seat.
other objects spin slowly by; framed sepia-tinted family portraits, tree limbs, a fishing pole, an outhouse door, a frying pan, a noose, an old banjo, the wild-eyed frantically paddling bloodhound, a tire with a rope tied around it.
they sidestep each other in the doorway.
seeing a neighbor, she turns back.
then gives it a coat of fresh paint.
whip sips some water.
jack shakes the gate as the water rises below them.
one sheriff yells at the dog.
in a cellblock, a matron escorts billie.
images of people coming and going from the house are displayed on a screen.
edwards's hand is, indeed, up.
tight shot of the barrel of thelma's gun being pressed into the nape of harlan's neck.
octavius slips away.
bert gordon enters, and watches him play.
there are some smiles, but not all of them are quite so amused.
the field of black is punctured by headlights.
later, the girls sit on a couch a few yards from the kitchen island where their parents relax.
he takes delmar's shoebox and flips off the top.
next, the film cuts to an almost isolated path in central park, complete, with old-fashioned streetlamps and scattered leaves.
she kisses him and he shoves her hard against the crumbling stonework.
kazim peers over a rock, pointing his rifle at the group below.
he puts his keys on a worktop, pulls back a brown plastic concertina screen and lays his case on the bed.
quiet resolve written on aragorn's face as he looks into the eyes of the remaining members of the fellowship.
we are tracking behind hi as he runs up to the house and crashes through the screen door.
he stoops over a flowerbed.
he's grabbed by one of the mechanical limbs.
a minor executive office, not too tidy: large desk across one corner, good carpet, several chairs, filing cabinet against one wall, a dictaphone on the corner of the desk.
jackson gets in the limo
he makes it with great strain to the subway.
malcolm turns and looks up at his home with unchecked anger and overwhelming pain erupting his eyes.
the mantling cloud swirls, revealing the cruel pinnacles and iron crown of barad-dur, the dark tower, in the distance.
edward stares intently into the water, a lion in wait.
later, he opens a window and pulls the sheer curtains closed.
he holds up the pendant.
her injured husband regards her gravely.
he's wearing shades in the back of a taxi, driving down a dusty street.
sydney's building is dwarfed by the skyscrapers on the horizon.
he is thinking deeply.
peter steps forward and puts one arm, then the other around harry, as the two friends hug.
jenny through the near window of the bus, knocks on the window.
sandy's brow rises at his approaching wife.
rose stops andrews as he wanders past.
he belches, falls backwards, and lies unconscious on the hall carpet.
garland sends the message in arabic.
mr. martini comes in bearing a mixing bowl overflowing with cash.
a flash of magic occurs and mad-eye is knocked into the wall.
one of them opens, revealing a tall man with rugged features.
he stops in the middle of the concourse, people swirling around him, and holds his left hand out slightly, fingers extended.
as he climbs over the railing of the second balcony.
heading for the stairs, will walks past an open door.
from behind the counter, he whips a heavy metal frying pan at gladys that knocks her head sideways.
byrum has taken nathan's right hand and is rolling its fingers onto the inkpad.
miranda purses her lips at james' red dress.
on a small table beside him we a stethoscope and the equipment to measure blood pressure.
brandt releases a gale of forced laughter.
laszlo absorbs the shock quietly.
a very large pile of unopened mail sits in a mound on the clothes dryer.
she stirs her tea.
narcissa glances at her sister then looks anxiously back to snape.
he reaches into his jumpsuit and takes out a handful of letters addressed to penny marko.
pedro, practicing his catching, grins at them from the baseball field.
we see a three-storied, flat-roofed apartment house.
jews, among them szpilman, mother, regina and father, clutching their meagre belongings, walk towards wooden gates and come to a halt.
the shape pushes the door open and leaps into the kitchen.
gandalf turns on his heel.
susan is swimming laps, looking very professional in a black speedo suit, joe wanders in, still licking his peanut butter.
an suv stops in front of a stone building.
ben's lip curls disdainfully as they shake hands.
cal walks past rose.
drovers urge their horses on, desperately trying to get ahead of the herd.
when the car stops for a red he keeps going, tears off to the left, crosses four lanes of traffic in both directions and almost gets hit.
ron looks at harry with surprise.
they have all been taken by surprise by the offer -- and do not feel what gandhi feels.
her once clear skin is blotchy and smeared with dirt.
one of the worm aliens answers him in their native tongue and points to the counter.
eowyn, eomer turn to look at their uncle.
we see his cheek pressed against the glass, and the foggy silhouettes of the others behind him.
koons hands the watch to butch.
he has with him the three actresses, also looking anxious and also in make-up as the three attendants in the magic flute.
he looks perplexed.
the queen briefly shakes hands with tony.
the flickering flames illuminate the calm figure of king george, as others mill around trying to help.
harry stands, unflinching.
javier takes the phone from his ear, then gasps as he approaches the hotel.
then finally blows out the candle.
they consider the police car a moment more.
they are in their pajamas.
joe grabs his make-up kit -- another duffel -- runs for the car, past a whining charles.
he turns off the engine.
he angles a lamp above his head to illuminate them.
he steps onto the bowl.
he heads over to alison, who wears a black wig and holds a cigarette in a long.
the shell goes over their heads and blasts a hole in the perimeter wall.
the huge dog trots into a waiting room and turns into a man.
a limb knocks it off.
he side-steps calmly out of the way spitting on the boulder in contempt.
fast solo flares erupt from the surface of the sun.
the sentry is hit and falls in front of his box.
he turns toward the man standing in front of the door and raises the cross over his head.
hi is being escorted past him to his cell.
he takes the club and tries to remove the stole from around the dummy's neck with it, but it won't budge.
the only light that can be seen in it is the glowing end of a cigar in the center of the room, back from the window -- as if thorwald was sitting quietly on his sofa, smoking.
he tosses the chicken leg down the pan as he saunters aimlessly down the hallway, he tips oil paintings off the wall.
she starts to walk away but indy grabs her.
he struggles to hold them all in one hand as he lets the door slam shut.
one of the suvs speeds off down a road.
he takes a step forward.
stuart kisses skeeter on the forehead.
summoning remarkable strength, he rips a piece from the cast, freeing his hand.
its roof crushed.
joe is behind his desk.
he dives to the bar, swings completely over it like a circus performer and dismounts with a 9.7 backflip.
she looks at him pleadingly.
john sprays marley's poop with a hose, looking for the necklace.
harry stares at the snitch fluttering in front of him.
she stares at him, mesmerized, her mouth open, unable even to curtsey.
he picks her up around her waist with one arm and carries her to a check-in desk.
two powerful cars speed along a tunnel which runs along the coast.
having walked away from the altar, he returns and sinks to his knees.
her hand reaches out to his and grabs it fiercely.
fergus lies there, looking at the picture, listening to the sound of running water.
kate walks into the kitchen.
she picks the lock.
abbie raises his fist into the air.
he wears a brown beanie hat, a scarf around his neck, and a casual jacket.
andy grabs her stuff and goes.
gatsby stands bathed in light.
across the river down from the third class coaches a small group of indian women is squatted by the river's edge, washing clothes.
holmes, watson, and sim run into the hotel and survey the carnage.
parrish sees susan, she smiles but there is a tinge of sadness about her.
he stands alone as thoughts crash like thunder in his head.
they surround the van, open it, and grab the boy.
we watch debbie.
she raises the gun and places it in her mouth.
his fingers open to reveal the penny.
the dude unclips the phone from the battery pack.
her eyes are searching his face, but there is no expression on it except a cold and impassive one.
up on deck, benjamin and the other crew members walk towards the prow of the tug, passing mike, who's ringing the alarm bell.
she seems quite animated, moving gracefully, her skirt and hair swinging with her movement.
sitting in his car, donnie watches as they're driven away.
hagrid rests his head on madame maxime's chest.
morgan and bo are kneeling close to the tv.
her boots are filthy.
they rush out onto the coupled street.
she places a curled brown quill in front of him.
it gives no relief.
the driver, spider, has long black hair and wears a bandanna.
the father's hand reaches up and rips off the halloween mask, revealing michael, 6, underneath, a bright-eyed boy with a calm, quiet smile on his face.
a woman is walking next to him.
howard is alive
sallah puts the newspaper in front of the second man's face, then punches him through the newspaper.
emerges from the house, goes to her car and gets in.
gandhi and the others just look at him.
pete approaches him.
near her, a small table is covered with medicine bottles, spoons, boxes of pills, a water pitcher and the other impedimenta of the chronically ill.
stuck in the wall, peter looks up in a daze, as the figure in dark green hovers down towards him and slides his visor back.
winstead gets to his feet, his sober gaze locked on the dead man.
he walks back and takes them from her before leaving.
don looks around the room, his plan forming.
dumbledore, fudge and hagrid come out of the cottage with the executioner.
norman is behind the counter, standing, staring at sam who is sitting relaxedly on a small sofa.
luis runs up to them.
goodman looks awkward and leans forward.
dillinger gets shoved into the back seat.
she pulls him over the couch.
she is in profile as before.
her fellow students, staring at her belly, clear a path to let her pass.
the waves wash off.
brian is wide eyed as he speaks into peter's ear.
and balconies slot into position.
both he and flint fall down a white shaft, landing on a pipe halfway down.
she wears an armored breastplate and norse headgear, has braided pigtails, and holds a trident.
alex is already dressed.
the handsome bird swips away down the chamber.
catching his pipe between his teeth, holmes holds up his lighter.
forrest runs as a young man runs up to him.
frodo instantly goes limp.
fred passes ron a note.
reaching a locked door, he cups his hands to his mouth.
the dude gets out, still holding his drink.
he leans forward and gently touches dumbledore's cheek.
he stares at the ground.
george enters shot, and stands listening to her.
ken quickly stands.
inez begins to write again.
he runs from the rotunda up the grand ramp of the guggenheim.
ferris studies her as she holds up the syringe and flicks it.
the book lies still, then snaps once more and slithers out, turning this way and that.
the storm clouds slowly drift away, leaving a lowering gray sky.
aunt may looks down, her eyes glistening with tears, and sweeps back a lock of her white hair.
neff enters, goes to his own desk.
cosette has filled her buckets at the well in the wood, and is now heading back.
jane is stunned.
uncertain, he moves it back again.
she strokes the soft downy hair above his ear and cups his head in her hand.
she and her parents hug each other.
ben's face, watching.
as he passes the antique shop, suddenly he stops.
and walks past luxury sailing yachts being maneuvered on trailers.
jean, screaming, tangled in the curtain, rips it off its rings and stumbles out into the bedroom.
he primes the gun.
benjamin ducks his face around.
e takes out the lead vehicle then opens fire on the truck, which spills some of its load of pipes and slams into other cars.
harry's eyes drift to the fugitive poster.
they view video from the store.
the place is practically the same except that it is now full of school kids having sodas, etc.
he sips a martini.
it's the attachment allon forwarded to all employees.
at yellowstone, charlie spies on jackson and the kids.
crabbe aims his catapult.
the last mug shot of dillinger himself remains unstamped.
her voice is dreamily slurred, her eyes far away.
en-joo finds a weapon and starts shooting.
donovan steps up next to indy.
she does a big, cheesy grin as the camera takes a picture, then frowns and shakes her head.
she, too, is deep in thought.
sam runs after frodo, catching him in his arms as he stumbles.
he buries his face in his pillow.
karl leans over edward, blocking the sun.
headlights flash into the scene, and the old bailey automobile drives in, with harry at the wheel, and uncle billy beside him.
she looks up at the sky.
warily, the boy takes zus' hand,
a taxi pulls up outside a restaurant and jane gets out.
daisy rests her chin against his shoulder.
he's not just handsome, not just charming.
buttercup suddenly reins in.
mrs. bennet closes the door on them,
he bursts out through the stands over the heads of the startled onlookers, wings tearing through the canopy, scattering professors.
the fireman forces yuri to move.
harry sees a glow at the bottom of a deep shaft.
he flings gabriel over and kicks him in the face.
jen suddenly closes her magazine, stares at him suspiciously.
daisy surfaces at the edge of the swimming pool.
george stands still, horrified.
he is yanking his parka from a hook behind the opened door and grabbing a pair of galoshes.
bob struggles to get free.
he picks it up and shuts the door.
lee kisses frederick back on the cheek.
david steps back and the woman slumps sideways onto the floor, limp and unreacting.
he stops as he spots a photo of the man with the cane gittes had seen photos of earlier.
ricky smiles and walks off.
benjamin follows him through the crowd of corridor and waits by her dressing room door.
the villagers are massacred in mid-flight.
walking back to hogwarts, harry consults his friends.
she holds her wrist up to mark's twitching nostrils.
she flings open the door and runs out.
mickey walks back onscreen to holly.
cal lobs the matches back to jack.
asfaloth springs away, bearing arwen and frodo into the night.
throughout the speech nathan stalks the room, working himself into a frenzy, furiously putting coffee cups onto coasters, generally cleaning up, hectoring the police, and swiping their feet off his furniture.
rachel and grocer come up to counter.
frowning, valjean listens to marius.
fergus and jude, crossing the street.
hi clears his throat.
hurt takes to higher ground while winstead advances on the trail.
now they face a coat check counter.
the lightning flashes making harry's features in a pallid white.
nullah looks up at sarah and she crouches down to him.
elizabeth, watching coldly from the front door, goes inside.
mr. soggybottom sheds a clown tear, aiming the revolver at the dog.
she watches a woman pay with a credit card.
they smile at him.
and now, for an instant we see gandhi close from his point of view.
celia sinks down on a chair like a naughty child.
kate looks away from the tv and down at zoe.
she starts kissing him on the neck, on the chin, on the cheek.
martin has arrives there too.
the young girls extend their hands.
the white boat sails away towards the headlands, disappearing into the golden light of the setting sun.
neff comes out at the top of the ramp and starts to walk down the street, not too fast.
she comes forward hands one snifter to jeff.
she blows him a kiss.
graham lets go of the doorknob -- he turns and walks quickly across the kitchen -- he picks up the butcher knife -- he kneels down next to the pantry -- he ducks his head under the slanted kitchen table -- he places his cheek to the floor, only inches from the bottom of the door, and looks into the pantry.
a dark figure in a tattered trench coat tumbles onto the pavement, hands out to slow the impact.
parrish and joe enter, the entire board is assembled, includ- ing drew, quince and sloane.
at the end of the hall is the bedroom door.
he hangs on for dear life.
the hostess appears, peeking around the corner of the coatcheck area.
he glances at the general.
jenny's blindfolded with john's tie.
he wearily turns his head to profile on the pillow and shuts his eyes.
they stay locked in an embrace and sink to the floor.
his mother comes out of the house and kisses him.
he picks at a small bloody wound and digs out a splinter of bone.
as the stranger cuts charlie, a knife cuts through his wrist, severing his hand.
gandhi sighs, putting his arms around her and she leans into him so that their heads are touching.
her tassels swish and sway as she moves frenetically.
he snaps off the lights.
the women in the salon watch in wonder as a calf wanders past the window.
she heads toward a low tea table which stands in front of the davenport, with tall glasses, ice cubes, lemon, a pot of tea, etc.
harry sits on his bed staring into space.
an indian woman sits beside him and an indian man and a black woman sit opposite him.
griphook's eyes flick to the sword.
percy appears in the doorway.
the mustached senator looks director hoover in the eye.
then, looks down at the floor.
crossing to the passenger side, will lifts his father out.
the dude looks curiously at the small, nattering animal.
harry helps dumbledore back to the boat.
he walks back to the stairs up to his office.
new york city is grey and shrouded in mist.
nehru's face is a map of concern, but he manages a small smile of greeting.
the two men shake hands.
they only see a hand reach out.
thao meets walt near the house.
he looks just like the climber from 1928.
sam looks shiftily across at veronica.
an auburn-haired woman cries and kisses a brown-haired man.
he glances at the teacher who is still staring.
a tall mast flying a slender pennant emerges from the center of the lake.
as smokie comes out of the house, walt grabs him.
gabriel leaps over his wing and gets swept with a machine pistol.
he winks.
the bug reacts -- cranks open its massive jaws with a deafening hiss, lunges forward, and sucks kay into his mouth.
at night, they camp around a fire.
all are wearing their grey elven robes.
she opens the envelope and finds a note from celia foote.
she becomes immediately agitated.
she looks at a loss.
he walks slowly back towards the reception room entrance, then stands there looking out through the glass doors.
bert slams ernie's hat on his head.
gandhi must take his eyes from his writing to look, and he is almost moved to tears at the sight of nehru.
an engineer leans over a railing as massive pistons pump on either side of it.
ben comes out of his reverie as she pulls him to his feet.
jamal rubs his eye where the driver punched him.
she looks around the kitchen, then opens the door and steps inside.
it fires.
she turns back from the window and back to her notebook.
he guides the bank president by the shoulder.
george gives violet a paper sack containing licorice shoelaces.
gittes picks up the phone.
he plows into her.
the officer in charge watches grimly as the swirling cloud attacks the windows.
they step out of the confessional.
two of the limbs push a curved base in a replica fusion chamber in a space from which now four curved pillars rise.
he unfolds a map and lifts it up to study it.
the sketch incorporates a series of roman numerals.
on the way through the field office, the interrogator points to doris.
peter comes quickly forward.
mr. darcy's expression is one of determined constancy.
as the others start to go, harry glances at the table where lupin has left harry's wand.
phillip picks his finger nails while the queen scratches her wrist.
don still cowers in his chair, his face hidden in his arms, his breathing heavy with terror.
szpilman, halina and henryk walk beside the platform with mother, father and regina seated on it.
now, sandy and diana exit the building through an unmarked alley door.
his hands fall away from john.
as john nuzzles her neck, mj looks across and up to the crane.
the children get through the open door as preacher reaches top.
grimsrud stares out front.
vic gets out of his seat and hugs eddie.
a porcelain cat's face hangs on the wall.
a thin hollowed cheek man wanders towards them.
slapped him on the cheek and marched off.
he takes the note from its beak, unfolds it eagerly, and reads.
he stands chanting, his long hair, beard and body caked in dust.
most obvious in the frozen tableau of creatures is a lunging, snarling beast, which has three bullet holes in its chest.
constantine grips skeeter by the hand, bringing a grateful smile to her face.
he grins and brandishes the scanner.
then suddenly, he sets the horse in motion again and gallops onwards.
and he and his buddies retreat to his car.
charlie sees him.
uniformed men unload a line of coffins from a steam train.
bob kicks a chair over.
oliver catches it, but the brown ball knocks him to the ground.
mac's attempted conversation is met with a baffled look.
graham withdraws the knife and puts it down on the floor beside him.
he is now buttoning up the tunic -- which happens to be several sizes too big.
there is a greeting, some conversation apparently about don and the fact that he'll get there any minute.
we're flying above suburban america, descending slowly toward a tree-lined street.
suddenly, elijah wrenches a wheel and the chair slews into a display.
all patients wear white linen smocks.
president ashton steps up onto the podium and shakes the mayor's hand.
he looks around, but the room seems empty.
she brings a pile of paperwork to george's office.
when he speaks his voice is thick with feeling.
kazim walks away.
pete's iphone chimes.
chained down, two brown balls struggle to escape.
thumper walks away, leaving evan dumbfounded.
bremner scratches his balls as he eyes brown contemptuously, standing beside the team lined up for the national anthem.
he stairs at his computer monitor gravely.
louise sits down on the sidewalk in front of the room.
still staring at the safe, willie sits down.
the audience is clearly delighted.
she looks into his eyes.
michael looks squarely at percy.
suddenly forrest is hit in the back with a rock.
they're all wearing white tie and tails.
adrian and laura find lily.
silhouetted against the moon, he carries sirius away to safety.
they're very close now as she's going over a mouse very near his eye.
ed is getting up.
then he reaches out and cuts off the cop's ear.
they lie cheek to cheek.
he shuts the watch, puts it away, and pockets the gun.
the two boys begin their walk down the street to school.
the collector attempts to fight him off.
chili stops, turns around.
husband and wife's eyes meet.
luna's father wears a pendant, a triangle containing a circle with a vertical line through it.
it bites him.
hagrid bends the shotgun barrel.
then, as he sees she's awake, he comes over, sitting on the edge of her bed.
and that answer stops the advocate.
rebecca looks from alicia to the clothes rail and some fashion stills along the wall.
they rush over to him.
dil and fergus making their way to their seats at the bar.
halfbreed tries to grab indy, but indy leaps onto another boxcar.
from around the edges of the door is the faintest orange.
he yells angrily as he sits back down, then tosses his drink on her.
out in the shops, lois scrutinizes a swatch of fabric and tries on a pair of designer sunglasses.
the three girls sit down.
the opening of the serenade is being tentatively conducted by the leader of the wind-musicians.
with his jacket covering his face, gittes hammers away at mulvihlll, beating him against the glass door, along the wall, mercilessly pounding his fists into the cloth until the cloth turns red and mulvihill begins to sink to the red tile floor.
piquett puts on his hat and heads off in the opposite direction.
they reach a figure with a bag over its head, standing in front of the police car.
indy reaches for a wall to steady himself and inadvertently grabs a skeleton.
mrs. kagan, grayer, fatter, opens the door and escorts evan inside.
she stares at him, trying to understand - suspicious and frightened and at the same time unable to make a sound.
he stops when he hears a distant thud.
king george shadows him.
salim lies in the bath of money with his gun.
zus standing nearby looks uneasy.
hannah does a nervous twirl.
and we push in as donny sleeps, the reflection of the rising ship seen in his windshield.
lila looks at it in horror.
holmes walks into a room where a gramophone is playing.
randal hardly stirs and continues to read his paper.
marley and john enter the darkened house.
they both wear baseball gloves.
charlie enters and sits on a little wooden stool opposite gandhi, his long legs awkwardly filling most of the space between them.
he pops them back in and everyone cheers.
when she looks back he spills drink from his mouth.
loomis shakes his head and looks across the graveyard.
john slips and they nearly fall backward.
in the midst of the battle -- gandalf realising frodo has been seen.
juno eases herself into a chair with her legs apart.
peter watches it until it completely disappears.
video footage shows thousands of people applauding in the park.
he scratches the outside of the cast, but the itch gets worse.
they look through a window down at the party, which throbs as people dance crazily.
the three of them walk away.
its glass doors swing open and everett is hurled out and bellyflops into the dust of the street.
walker watches, his own face taut with emotion.
jenny's holding a stuffed alligator.
he glances up--the question clearly baffles him.
two women laugh as they watch the cosmetics girl apply makeup to the redhead.
quirrell, snape and filch rush away down the corridor.
westley takes his sword, slices a path for them to follow.
parked near the biograph, purvis tensely rubs his thin- lipped mouth.
rain soaks the muddy pitch in the empty leeds united stadium.
he finds a pink registration form in the glove box.
as their conversation continues -- the dog is distressed.
she turns and walks with frederick, elliot, and dusty farther into the loft, her hands clasped behind her back.
he gets out his id.
michael walks swiftly around to the trunk of the cruiser.
an elegant woman in a bonnet and long coat strides purposefully towards the house.
he is wearing only his pajama bottoms, because of the heat, and we see that he is a well-muscled, attractive young man.
colin goes into his apartment.
the big man takes out a .45 automatic and the gawkers back away.
the coupe edges ahead.
drover makes his way down the steps towards the teeming dance floor.
benjamin watches, transfixed as daisy dances.
willie watches as the kid moves a third piece but still keeps his finger on the counter.
harry nods and draws his wand to release hermione, but a sharp, pointed trident is held at his throat.
the boy, who like the girl is perhaps twenty years old, wears a dark blue serge suit and a grey felt hat.
they sip their vodkas.
it snaps, revealing bare wood beneath.
with a flash, the head of a flaming, fiery dragon appears and heads for umbridge.
she smiles at ron.
the memory drops into the container.
his eyes light on peter and he attempts a smile.
he pushes the hair back from harry's forehead, revealing the jagged scar.
harry pats it.
willie follows him to the kitchen where he puts the hand under the tap.
stunned, everyone looks at each other in shock.
the lit cheroot hits the ground between his boots.
the doctor holds a probe to jenny's stomach.
startled, ricky turns around.
he opens it, and after a short exchange of dialogue, he admits the two men, leaving the door open behind them.
eddie tosses the coin on the table.
maguire is there, with another.
a courtesy bus delivers the group to the hotel.
kate sees nick talking to zoe.
the bridge is now in full swing, with skeeter playing with hilly, elizabeth, and jolene.
holmes peals away a backing cloth from the word imperata.
she lies down resting her hands on her abdomen.
they heave the freezer up the steps.
he heads off with the pretty dark-haired woman, who smiles at cal.
the skiptracer breathes deeply in his duct tape restraint.
carrying his busted suitcase, a tired edward walks toward a one-street town in the distance.
preacher approaches one of them and whispers something hurriedly in his ear.
the express has stopped on a viaduct.
going into the back garden, molly hands her a glass of champagne.
holly laughs.
and she starts firing again.
she gets into his sedan.
they climb into a waiting carriage which drives off after the forte-piano.
ginny runs out.
sun blazes off it's ugly concrete banks.
through clenched teeth.
baby face throws him down.
holmes disappears through the gate and cranks his car's engine into life.
he turns to the picture of the soldier; talks to it.
madame thenardier ushers him inside.
gatsby stands, resting on a cane.
the guy's dog hurtles to his side.
he begins to kiss her face and neck.
javert is in the crowd.
she signals for the three sisters to follow her.
fletcher strides angrily towards the truck the boys are getting into.
roaring at the cut.
the short woman looks up at sandy, then punches his throat.
she puts two hands lightly on his waist to move him out of the way.
as darkness falls, the car headlights pick out the towers of hogwarts school.
she leaves the salon.
a nearby woman toasts him with her drink.
a receiver bleeps in a high window, and a rifle rotates on a motorized tripod.
voldemort turns back to snape.
he turns and sprays the room with machine gun fire, cutting all three nazis to ribbons and blowing them backwards across the room.
she forces a smile at elizabeth's enthusiasm.
she is wearing a knitted cape, with a hood.
he points to skeeter.
we see the six-year-old mozart, also blindfolded, seated in a gilded chair on a pile of books, playing the harpsichord for the pope and a suite of cardinals and other churchmen.
then studies himself, ready to jump.
to reveal bilbo's red book open on frodo's desk.
joe looks at vic.
he seems shaken.
the bike's front wheel drops down, and carl speeds through town.
szpilman shuffles along, comes to the cafe.
darcy walks away.
the rain comes down a little stronger now on the stained glass window.
they digitally remove a pimple.
as sarah walks in the front door, the fight spills out the back.
as jane approaches, her face falls, realizing that george and tess are making a beeline for each other.
walt notices she keeps glancing over at thao.
pete sits alone, listening to music.
he spins around, and his face has lost all its friendliness.
the film quickly cuts to a close-up of mickey's face, reacting in total despair.
she and suze are in a bookshop.
melvin stops -- she passes behind him to deliver an uncharacteristic rabbit punch.
various young women stand at the front.
his body is tossed into the air like a rag doll.
cole is a munchkin of a boy with large, black eyes that seem to take in everything around him.
malfoy has drawn a crude caricature of harry in his quidditch robes being struck by lightning over and over.
he opens the folder.
brock looks around, smiling nervously.
neither says anything for a beat.
torches mounted on rifles cut shafts of light through the dense gloom.
szpilman, shabby and unshaven, hurries along and meets jehuda zyskind coming towards him, accompanied by the small man, majorek.
yellin just watches in fear.
she is hard at work on a piece of abstract sculpture.
he scuttles down the spiral staircase.
forrest runs past the opposite players.
the room is modestly furnished with just a cheap bed, a chair or two, and a dresser.
david twists around and looks back at the barbell.
a finger reaches up and presses down the lever and hangs up the phone.
close on the bottom of the plate: a small swastika is imprinted in the center.
only the ominously muffled thud of their horses hooves on the dank firneedles.
evelle has disappeared and gale starts climbing in.
a gray-haired man watches as he works, then approaches him.
he enters the bedroom to find daisy lying with a newborn baby.
melvin passes through -- visibly drawn and upset.
the sisters arrive at jane's apartment.
zachetti goes slowly past him.
he is getting angrily off his feet.
the driver opens the back.
mirabehn nods, but she keeps on spinning and tries to sound cynically resigned but her innate emotionalism keeps breaking through in her voice and on her face.
the hall is jumping.
it turns into a small creature which nips at his hand.
drawing a deep breath, frodo follows gollum into the tunnel.
following the stairs.
she smiles softly.
he looks at jinnah and shrugs.
vizzini, staring down from a narrow mountain path, as far below the man in black can be seen running.
there is another picture of jean.
the man behind the curtain draws it open.
she weeps.
mary jane loses her grip, landing on the lower section of webs splayed out like a sacrificial victim.
holmes takes the hanky and walks over to the railing.
she consults a book.
his hand, protected by a padded black mitten, carefully lifts it up.
they walk backstage at a music venue.
he looks around anxiously.
he has picked up another rock and holds it lightly.
the film abruptly cuts to the theater's black-and-white screen, where the marx brothers, in duck soup, play the helmets of several soldiers standing in a line like a live xylophone.
he withdraws the top copy barely enough to expose the signature line on the supposed duplicate.
a huge glitter ball and other equipment is being wheeled on trolleys and a poster advertising tosca.
she takes it, putting it to her lips.
in the darkness, he finds mike on the floor.
he flips a dangling leg back into the lift as the doors close and intercepts m.
malbin is using an axe handle to secure a nail.
the camera continues its pan to the left, to include the couple who sleep on the fire escape in the hot weather.
mrs. walters dissolves into giggles.
zoe follows kate into the hallway.
harry takes the red stone in his pocket, and looks at it.
the bus driver opens the door and looks down.
boys run off, just happy to be out.
bart rinses his hands.
pumpkin lets go of his gun and places both hands on the table.
they have folders and papers before them, on which they have been reporting.
as he walks, he takes his mobile phone from his jeans' pocket and taps in a number.
he erases a highly complex formula.
in the farmhouse, morgan and bo are washing up at the sink in the kitchen, which opens directly onto the lounge.
he hides in a water tank as a man tries to grab the horse.
on each side are open doors to classrooms with students filing into each of them.
yuri is at the r3 boarding gate
harry looks around the bedroom.
benjamin cuts a forlorn figure as he plods away.
harry almost loses his grip.
santa swigs his grog as marcus goes out front where kids are lined up.
lizzie walks over to the window and looks out at the lake, mirror- like, at the foot of the lawn.
cole carefully locks the door behind him.
morning, the train makes its way across a snow-covered plain with craggy mountains in the distance.
he turns to look at the others present.
a sign on the wall reads is this your lucky day?
ron and hermione leave their compartment.
later, mrs. bennet emerges from longbourn, engrossed in conversation with denny.
the boys catch up with him.
the middle-aged man offers his keys nervously as taylor drives down the street towards javier, and stops as javier slaps the bonnet off the spanish police car.
the dude, walter and donny sit at the bar, the dude with a white russian, walter with a beer, and donny eating beer nuts.
enrique rounds a corner, holden and another agent in pursuit.
ben approaches them.
he rises and, to the irritation of his neighbors, leaves his seat amid some disapproving shushings from the row behind.
alex goes back in.
norman starts to follow, hesitates as he sees the total picture of an attractive young woman and a motel room.
harken rams their back end side-on to spin them around.
her eyes go glassy as she passes away.
in the engine room, the chief engineer spots the telegraph shift and drops a pot of steaming soup.
the young guy from the valet service drives off with the convertible and willie walks over to a board holding the car keys.
a black cadillac escalade blazes a path.
all is quiet in the encampment.
their lips meet in a gentle kiss.
father is looking around, bewildered.
more debris is sucked in.
he holds it up and gazes calmly at the spider emblazoned across the chest on its ribbed web.
sandy and diana briskly enter.
walt leaves him to it and wanders off towards his garage.
in a gray tee-shirt and boxer shorts he raises a blind in the living room.
pulled over on the state highway in the middle of the desert, a police motorcycle parked behind it.
bond's car arrives at the depot.
the train starts to move just as he boards.
xenophilius is hit and falls to the ground.
she looks up in the direction of the music and in a calm routine fashion adjusts the volume of her hearing aid.
we tilt up this time to reveal a little kid, listening to a walkman.
a fire crew hoses flames.
the teacher walks away before debbie can defend herself.
running past a clothing display, it rips the arm off a mannequin without breaking stride.
gabriel spreads his wings, and his chest.
dillinger stands and holds her chair as she gets up, then guides her through the restaurant with a hand at her back.
she shakes her head dismissively and wanders off.
she straddles sandy's lap and looks him in the eyes.
a fairly numerous crowd is gathering here, informally filling the area on one side of a walk that leads to a little pavilion -- some devout, some curious, some just eager to be near the great man.
kate stands, looking anxious.
without turning, she says.
evelyn looks up to see gittes standing in the doorway only a foot or two from her.
gandhi glances at the door to see what has frightened him so.
marius holds the wheeping cossete tightly in her arms as valjean walks towards the bishop.
the boys break into a panic, scramble.
and merrill takes hold of her hand.
aragorn steps up beside him, smiling at the floorshow.
salieri watches with a fixed smile on his face.
glancing between the seat backs, david sees a little girl in front sitting up now.
next morning, caroline sits in the dining room with morgan, who's holding her walkie talkie.
evan, still stunned, can do little but stare from the floor.
furniture has been overturned, upholstery slashed, drawers dumped.
ed starts crying softly as she gazes into the crib.
he tosses three miniature bottles as he grabs the spiked orange juice.
sirens loud, they rapidly approach rachel's house as rachel, without gun, holding john's hand, comes down to fence.
a petite black woman with long plaits comes towards her, passing beneath the long, wispy branches of the willow.
the car zooms away.
barbara fitts sits at the kitchen table, staring off into space as if hypnotized.
later, willie is smashing into the chief skaterat's face.
flashlight beams stab through the darkened corridor hunting for him.
lost for words, she obeys.
the tables are spread with a banquet of mouthwatering food, cakes, sweets, pies, and shiny red apples.
walks behind him, resting her hand momentarily on his shoulder.
grantaire is downstairs flirting with a barmaid.
his words fade into the paper, but other words appear.
he reaches down to mj.
octavius lets go, and the train hits spider-man.
she glances at mickey impatiently.
he steps inside, takes off his top hat and black cloak, and heads into his study, closing the door behind him.
peter not stopping the thief, then kneeling by his dying uncle.
later, andy goes down to the canteen.
street and shop lights glare in the grey evening as people wait to cross a busy junction.
he wears a light shirt and dark floppy bow tie, with matching light trousers.
when they reappear, he is carrying her in his arms, over the threshold.
ferrari gets to his feet and walks away.
he nods, tight-lipped, as she knots the tie.
willie grabs a vodka bottle standing open on the counter and liberally pours some on the hand.
camera moves in on her as a teacher drones away at the front of the room.
heading outside, they see david exit the cab and enter a building.
we are at the edge of an almost sheer ravine.
a dirt clod hits forrest in the back of the head.
he punches punnoose's thighs as maman laughs.
she looks around, sees her parents, goes up to them.
he drops photos on the table and helps himself to white wine.
her eyes flit nervously.
henry moves to a lamp, holding the vase under the light for a closer look.
david sees richardson and his aide emerge from a door.
he spots greene and his friend sipping champagne and talking to two elegant women.
instantly mozart starts to dance to it, all alone: gleefully, like a child.
he smashes the snake's head with it.
inigo and fezzik do.
louise does.
he strides slowly and pointedly over to the window,
from the train car, through the wreckage -- what the hell is it?
lucius turns in surprise.
hagrid holds his breath.
a car is pulling hurriedly in near the clubhouse, an officer in it, and people are streaming toward it.
he walks slowly away along the deserted platform, as the train gathers speed.
he pushes the swing door open and holds it for her.
ugarte puts his chips through the window to the cashier.
tom sits facing him and hands him a drink.
zed continues his silent sing-song with his finger moving left to right, then it stops.
the symbols have red hearts on them.
the station wagon pulls forward and follows her.
tenzen's drill has become tangled in the gears.
he grabs george by the shirt and drags him into the back room.
on ski slope, diana reaches out to mask a photographer's lens.
he takes one himself.
the path splits into three passages.each disappearing into dark tunnels.
he sends it up the trouser leg of one of draco's friends.
audrey stands next to david as he pulls out his wallet.
maguire's car driving round once more.
the boys scowl.
the german is felled.
mr. collins is seated now.
he puts his towel away and glances to his right.
they each swallow the contents of a test tube and jump inside the circle.
she seems quite at peace.
he takes his hand off the ignition, jams on the accelerator and drives the car speedily for twenty- one feet and jams on the brakes.
the chinese crewmen on the helicopter see the group down below.
he looks into the mirror and sees someone else's eye.
the stick has a hook on the end.
ray, the asian man who stayed in town, sits with one hand clamped to the steering wheel, rocking nervously and staring numbly ahead.
its roof light switches to off duty as it drives by.
the bombardment hits the barricade, rocking it.
harry follows the hand-written notes.
underground-railway construction work is carried out on baker street.
smiling, rose turns to his sketch of a nude dark-haired woman lying with one arm stretched over her head.
with a stern look, thompson turns away.
ryan and alex have their picture taken in front of a backdrop of a giant wave.
later in the evening, they come across a street artist copying a fantastical picture of a ballerina onto the pavement in colored chalk.
kurt and dale share an excited look and clench their fists.
ginny turns to harry.
he keeps walking as she tries to keep up.
we bring in the bottom of the stairs.
they nearly hit a pedestrian.
then, sprays her hair.
one dives down towards it.
he makes a little salaam to her and moves through the confusion of the platform toward the camera.
bernicki passes the bottle to a colleague.
the stranger chuckles indulgently and pushes off from the bar.
frodo quickly hides the ring as gollum peers at them with gleaming eyes.
they watch, as the chain lifts something out of the water.
his clothes are torn.
he spoons a dollop onto it.
gloria looks after him.
prim, ponytailed natalie stands by a screen.
the two men's eyes widen as they remember at the same time: both look up at the roof of the car.
his father stands just outside the screen door.
lizzie and darcy a fair distance ahead of the gardiners.
creeping in on the pimply-faced cashier, sitting asleep behind the counter, a dirty magazine lying face-down, open on his chest.
at an airport, she rides a moving walkway.
beside holden, stands a pretty girl with a short haircut, who's also riveted by alyssa's performance.
his gaze drifts over to the loosely wrapped body in front of the diner.
ray indicates the nice red sunset.
the elevator stalls.
buckbeak's head cocks, eagle eyes studying harry cannily.
carol walks up to simon in the car.
he stops a few feet from her.
andy gets a roll.
he sneaks some bacon, drinks oj from the plastic jug and eats a cupcake.
carl and allison kiss passionately.
he drives off in it.
howard wheels around and focuses on the moving curtain.
jay and kay have only a second to react before -- the bug swipes at them with the back of his clawed hand, like someone brushing aside a gnat -- and sends them flying fifteen feet in the air.
rambo throws a rat into one of the cages.
the first thing he sees is the grail and they light up.
the poncho almost touches the ground.
farther along, the mustached stranger sits on a bench.
he plays a wrong note.
he drops the money.
there is a gun wrapped in an oilcloth.
the oculist's holding a pair of eyes framed by rusty spectacles stares down unnervingly.
as he sharpens his axe -- swook!
in graham's mind, he reaches the scene of the accident.
reggie hurries across the street, hailing a taxi.
he downs the jigger of rye.
tony loses his grasp on the table
clutching her battered, brown leather briefcase, she takes a deep breath and walks into the marble-floored reception hall and up to the desk.
she wears a coat but no hat.
the tire on a truck bursts and gets swerved into the aston's path sliding along the wall as james bond, the steely-eyed aston driver bakes hard.
peter lowers his head.
they watch martin and the girl a moment.
harry is expertly painting a still life.
ryan helps alex on with her jacket.
harry folds back the wrapping paper.
their eyes meet.
he swaggers into a clothes shop and comes out wearing a sharp black suit and black open neck shirt.
she scrolls through a number of pictures of her dad's family.
she weaves her way through the tables.
now approaching her house, longbourn, she bypasses the entrance when she hears her sisters arguing inside.
all of the men leave.
he pulls back the curtain and slides the window shut.
the others follow him along the black corridor towards the blue door at the far end.
louise starts the car.
frodo is standing on the edge of the crack of doom.
he goes to a metal door and opens it.
debbie holds a list of changes she wants to make.
george runs to the kitchen.
andrea, in her nurse uniform, exits the house to her car.
three or four committed supporters applaud as on cue, but his technique is so inexpert that it draws nothing but blank faces from the bulk of them.
she sits down in the chair before the empty glass.
he sits in a chair still fully dressed.
it illuminates the bell gothic fasade of saint patrick's cathedral and moves with swirling brilliance towards central park.
at daybreak, carrying bags and cases, they walk in single file across the wintry landscape towards a windmill and on into the birchwood forest.
he comes to a villa.
harry grips the one.
he turns to see her standing in the doorway opposite.
once more the crowd breaks into cheering and applause.
the receding roar has left behind eerily beautiful singing, a woman singing a lullaby.
benzion nods respectfully and leaves tuvia alone.
and with a scream madame weber's voice turns into the shrill packing coloratura of the second act aria of the queen of the night, in the magic flute.
banky tries to balance way-too-much luggage.
the captain walks off.
stamped in the center are the initials.
cars crammed with people arrive.
uncle billy looking at his hand.
he is making imperceptible adjustments to his over-moussed hair.
he motions leopold to rise.
he collapses and lies motionless.
brian holds his arms aloft to celebrate scoring.
holden and matthews bring up the rear.
the officer stoops over enrique's body and gently lifts his head.
he goes to a small patch of flowers, perhaps three feet square.
he bends down and picks it up.
the security guards struggle to follow the tiny boys as they wind and weave through the filthy, narrow streets between shanty buildings.
over the following series of shots we hear the voices of joseph and clarence in heaven.
drover rides through the yard, cracking his whip as fletcher frantically tries to organize his team.
he goes and a handsome curly-haired guy approached andy.
it is eleven o'clock.
bailey smiles and turns to george.
harry pushes ron forward into the courtroom.
en-joo dives towards him, plunging a knife into his throat then stabbing repeatedly.
now, they enter a motel room.
the girl points to a closed door.
will dashes to catch up with him.
they charge across the surface of the water with frightening speed, overtaking aragorn!
szpilman catches his breath, then quickly reaches into the bottom of the sack and finds a pistol and ammunition.
commentators from all over the world are covering the ceremony.
neff puts the briefcase on the ledge behind the driver's seat.
other engineers scurry around.
thelma goes through the living room to the bottom of the stairs and leans on the banister.
brody and sallah are moved by this sudden reconciliation.
the young man smiles bashfully and hangs his head, as brian rises to his feet and looks around the other players.
he checks his watch and looks toward the door.
kyle and bob turn to percy.
she stomps back inside.
headlights appear: an oncoming car.
ron and seamus are walking along.
joe and charles ride their bikes into town, across a bridge, the massive steel mill in the background.
he opens the door with another card.
natalie looks over at ryan.
climbing the wooden ladder leading to it, he cuts the rope securing a door and pulls it open.
murdoch rushes over to the engine room telegraph and shifts the handle to full speed astern.
sandy does a double-take.
in a boutique, they look at dresses.
as harry plunges his face into the basin, wispy trails of black smoke flow towards its base.
he looks at the money, shakes his head disgustedly, and closes his eyes.
they part, the boy laughs nervously, and takes a furtive glance out toward the corridor.
koons steps inside the room toward the little boy and bends down on one knee to bring him even with the boy's eyeline.
he looks forward and his forward momentum blows back his hair.
gabriel rises into the air and swings his mace, crashing it into furniture.
still smiling, shaking her head as in disbelief, willa makes for house as pearl screams.
holding on to the fencing for support as he negotiates the two steps down into the park.
both hold very large mugs of ale in their hands.
sebastian approaches two women.
on her way out, she passes a gaunt stranger in a fedora.
it strikes everest, and those on the bridge see an avalanche of snow decend.
in the elevator, rose's chest heaves.
the lamp light shows up his thin lips.
bits of scrap fly up into the air from the junkyard.
ben eagerly picks up his fork.
eponine grabs the musket and is shot.
he casually belts the probe, holds onto it for poise.
frodo staggers across the road, as if some force, other than his own will, is at work!
he rubs his beady little eyes.
the chase moves through a courtyard, then through a door and upstairs.
ben turns toward us and looks.
with the men on one side of the floor and women on the other, lizzie and darcy stand opposite to each other looking serious.
derek smeath stands po-faced, not moving a muscle.
sarah makes her way down the hill.
jeff is staring out of the window again.
sim joins him.
the gun-shot mr. orange looks at the kid's gashed face and the hole in the side of his head where his ear used to be.
harry lifts his arm, and the snowy owl balances for a moment, then launches itself into the air.
he lies down next to marley.
she stands on the threshold, looking in at the room, instantly disturbed by it, almost chilled, her expression indicating an impulse to close the door and go away from this room forever.
the front door handle clicks open and smalls stands in the doorway.
ernie hands harry a glass of wine.
a clock on the other side of the bed says a quarter to one.
the leader, holding some pamphlets, stands by a chain-link fence, a few feet away from his group, talking to someone on the other side.
he tries one style, another, but it all comes down to the same thing--the man in black seems to be in control.
the sound of rapid firing, which makes the newspaper at the end of the packet glow to reveal the barrel of a machine gun.
the host tenses his jaw.
jack pulls rose by her life vest.
a buzzer is heard, and potter snaps on the dictaphone on his desk.
he hangs up agitatedly, muttering to himself as he goes into his own office.
the blond man drops the ball which pulverizes more tile.
fat ass tries to look dignified.
edwards looks at the inspector, then at kay.
a uniformed security man checks the pass.
he's unaware that mj is standing in the open doorway.
the wizened old woman studies harry's face.
he looks around for his hat, which is on his head.
one rack remains empty.
umbridge puts down the cup and touches a pen lying on her desk.
jacob pours liquor onto a sugar lump in a glass, then crushes the lump with a pestle.
david scrutinizes his friend.
faramir leading a column of 200 knights through the streets towards the city gate.
a guy watches the alley entrance.
rick rises to go.
the explosion knocks indy off the tank and onto the tread.
he moves for the door.
bo following him.
his tie loosely knotted.
she sees the love heart.
valjean aims his pistol.
the boy's tears stop instantly.
he picks her up and throws her over the arms of his fellows below.
he has a false beard.
sarah is stunned and moves to him.
lizzie sits sadly on the stool at the foot of jane's bed.
carl is busy figuring.
she waits for a moment.
latika stands some distance away from the boys.
callahan drags the white boy away, as a priest pulls nullah.
but there is a pale brown mud beneath it.
minnie picks up a tray and a tv set, which she carries off towards the lounge.
somehow this makes karen feel better.
sadie sits alone watching lost on an ipad.
with steely eyes, he watches the couple sleep, then turns away.
evan puts a towel under the door.
the missile explodes around him.
andy grins, then carries on walking.
harry turns as a group of staff come in.
needle in that air, poised like a rattler ready to strike.
a young man wearing a black kufi wheels a bicycle with heavily laden panniers out onto a street.
he reads the letter using the light from a nearby window.
the mumakil react with terror as spectral warriors climb up their sides, routing the haradrim from their war-towers!
they make eye contact.
dumbledore covers his ear with his blackened right hand.
the cards are still in position.
he bursts into the ladies room.
zoe stands on a stool in the bathroom, plaiting her hair.
kate puts a plate down beside her, and grates a small amount of one of the truffles over her roast quail.
in a large, sunny field, emily sits in long grass watching ben play with duke, who bounds to retrieve something.
mozart is asleep in the bed.
eddie is just getting back.
hermione jumps over a swinging branch, but the next one lifts her off the ground.
a bomb bursts outside the prison and fire billows into king george's cell.
ron whispers some words to hermione.
a pretty, pastoral shot of the house in light mist, as they run across and leave the shot.
the dog is gone now.
her smile fades when she sees his somber face and steadfast gaze.
their fingers entwined and they caress each other's skin.
he walks towards the shattered pub.
the lift arrives at trout and bass on the fifth floor.
david leads elise through more of the bafflingly connected records rooms.
he whips off his helmet and we track in on the face of the rosy-cheeked high-school bruiser.
ben sits, watching nearby.
slowly he closes the door and goes back into the room.
a document spills from his hand.
he looks up in to the glowering sky.
onstage, the soprano in the title role sings a mournful aria as she kneels by the ruins of a wagon.
the gypsies stare after him as he trots by.
he tries several keys in the lock, as water swirls around them.
harry walks up some steps into a smaller room lined with shelves of old books.
she smokes a cigarette with a latex-gloved hand.
she deliberately faces the alcove where the germans are watching.
ambulance attendants join them.
the headmistress watches jenny leave.
joseph holds the gun in both hands, pointing it at david.
joe stares after it, catching his breath.
still a little confused, daniels reaches in his pocket and produces a shilling.
in the arena, the wrangler teases a cobra.
harry sips his drink.
jenny is inside the car with a boy.
seeing the coast is clear, she gets out.
suddenly - it moves, bolting upright and sprinting from the room.
she trots off in a huff as they start to ride around the cattle, moving them in to a single herd.
mary gets out of the car, glances toward the lot office, turns her attention to the line of cars, notice the california licence plates on all of them.
on the far side of the square, a policeman pulls up on a motorcycle.
alex opens the door.
he compares it to his own smaller hand.
connie holds a pen.
srinivas attaches the jump leads to each of jamal's big toes.
he gets up, holding his bloody lip.
ron contemplates the board.
in a third, rose wears a long scarf around her neck as she poses beside a biplane.
he hugs his father back.
peter wear the spider and web brazened on his sweatshirt looks up as the cage is slowly lowered around the ring trapping him in.
he rounds the corner and sees draco sprawled on his back.
graham rests his head against morgan's.
george is helping load his old car with scrap paper.
peter's webs pull two people away from falling masonry.
the director puts on a fake smile.
she hurries over to the cab.
in another box we see an overdressed, middle-aged woman and three girls, one of whom is constanze.
javert looks on, containing his anger, as valjean reaches out a hand to fantine.
children are carried on the adults' shoulders,
at an airport, ryan drops off a rental car.
holmes disappears behind closed curtains.
framed against fire and smoke, he is coming directly toward us, and the baby.
clock tower door: great groaning tumblers fall.
dave has opened the door and holds it open as far as he can.
they follow an enormous insulated pipe then descend a short flight of steps.
the camera is still connected to the tv.
they try to turn on the light.
his expression concerned.
garland works on a computer.
the home is packed with people.
gandhi, his head bleeding badly now, rises to his knees -- a breath and he gropes around the ground for another card.
it is an erection.
harry arrives bearing an envelope.
the reptile's lithe body shimmers as it glides swiftly along the uneven path.
with a distant crunching sound, they disappear.
looking straight down at hi, asleep in the trailer bedroom.
he gets out of the car, holding the pup.
a broken, rusted rain gutter clangs back and fourth against the house in the wind.
the car is coming from the opposite direction from where the swarm of flies came.
as he mounts his horse we.
she looks around for the missing truffles and finds them in the bin.
marley knocks the trainer over and starts humping her leg, as john and jenny rush to help.
edward tries to lift the door back on the hinges, but they snap off.
his eyes meet helen's.
he gazes at the smoldering shield, which now resembles a burning dome of flame.
in a dim interrogation room, the burly agent leans in front of billie, who sits in a chair.
mad-eye is making the ferret hover around.
lenny kissing kayleigh.
nehru has turned, having caught that last remark.
allison falls against carl and smiles contentedly.
dutton comes up to sarah's room.
taking his eye off the road, he careens in to the back of a parked car.
the nco goes along the line, making a selection, using his pistol to prod people into moving.
surrounded by onlookers, a young snake-charmer crouches alone in an open area facing two cobras.
miss bingley sidles up to him.
lies the shape.
his dark eyes hold her in his gaze, and she nods faintly.
she's soaking wet.
indy, henry and sallah cover their heads as automobile fragments rain down upon them.
harry quickly runs upstairs.
as an agent stands by, two female operators work an adjacent switchboard.
harry stabbed him in the thigh with a dagger.
feeling him staring, she keeps her eyes on the sunset, and tries to change the subject.
mrs. gump walks away, pulling forrest with her.
hannah begins to look at the rack of clothes on holly's side, while her sister stares at her, frowning.
benjamin turns away awkwardly.
nehru has half risen in his seat to address charlie andrews, who, walking from one somnolent building to another, has stopped dead at the sight of the car.
using two of the limbs, he sweeps them aside, leaving a clear route to spider-man.
lester's face darkens, then.
at the bow railing, a man runs toward it.
the dog is barking.
marcus and lois watches as gin gets in his big chevrolet car and drives off.
graham lies in bed.
she can't be any more than five.
some distance down the street is a sign -- millie's unisex hair.
as lisa comes up to the two of them.
callahan walks away from fletcher's body, across the wrecked king carney cattle pen.
valjean slowly makes his way up the stairs.
the house rocks unpredictably.
sadie watches the end of the last episode of lost on a laptop.
the angry dragon stretches out its neck, breaking the chain.
he leaves a woman's doorstep.
sidney's smile fades as he meets with an indifferent stare.
anheuser turns away.
george looks down, horrified.
gasping, harry leans back against a pillar.
ahead of them, the werewolf flings the dog against the rock.
holly's voice can be heard as she and hannah make their way up the stairs, moving into view.
harry toys with it.
in the cluttered room, draco holds the heavy cloth from the cabinet.
where tuvia and zus open the trapdoor.
she glares at pete.
alyssa looks at him, sadly.
the boy's mouth turns down, and he sulks silently, staring blankly ahead.
a white feather rises from the desk and floats across the room towards tiny professor flitwick, who is standing on a pile of books.
cardboard tags label switchboard cables at the telephone exchange.
after a moment she tears the page out of the notebook and, rising, begins to rip it into small pieces.
she pulls herself up out of the water, her wet dress clinging to the sinuous curves of her lean, shapely body.
josephine kisses him, then follows sandra.
giving the boys one last look, dumbledore follows him.
he struggles to loosen his cravat.
back at hogwarts, a ghostly knight crashes through a window carrying a severed head.
there are views of the city, but in the street below, opposite, is a hospital and, on the corner, a building flying a nazi flag and guarded by a sentry, standing at his sentry-box.
holmes manages to duck beneath the crate swung at him and kicks an attacker to the ground.
she points to the paper and motions for juno to look.
still clinging to wreckage, the crewman with the whistle in his mouth floats motionless with his eyes closed.
he stands staring at lampert's body, swaying on his feet until he reaches out and grabs the side of the coffin to steady himself.
he picks up a bottle.
he stands quite still, looking up, grim faced, for a long time, ignoring drops of water falling from his hood.
graham looks awkward.
gandhi, mirabehn and gandhi's secretary, desai, waving goodbye from the boat deck of their ship as it sails -- mirabehn is holding the tether of a goat -- all of them smiling at the camera like voyagers everywhere.
the surly mopping con has now worked his way up to the foreground.
we watch the agents from afar as they prepare, dwarfing their trench-coated forms.
bond pulls on the bell ropes, then heads up to the belfry, gun up and ready.
forrest is in a university of alabama football uniform.
ferris runs after the man and loses him in a crowd.
nora sees them and addresses anheuser.
inside, he leans down to daisy by the front door.
the water lapping the shore stops moving as a sheet of crackling ice spreads over the surface of the lake.
ilsa's face darkens.
haley sends a text.
chairs turn themselves upside down onto the tables.
she laughs into the camera.
freddy finishes washing his hands.
traveling at incredible speed, the cart's single headlight illuminates a waterfall gushing beneath the track.
john crosses the porch and softly opens the door and enters on tiptoe and pauses, close to us, in the dark hallway, listening sharp.
joe's terrified as overmyer pulls from joe's pocket a couple coins, half a pack of bubble yum and his mother's necklace.
in an operating room, tim's body is lifted onto a table.
tall columns rise around him like an underwater cathedral.
a red light seems to sweep across the plain.
snape's eyes glaze over.
her eyes stare straight ahead, not looking at anything in particular.
his eyes are focused on where he's going.
she stands up and looks elsewhere, but juno stays where she is, gazing down at vanessa playing with the little girl.
the body bag zipper is pulled closed.
lynda laughs at her own joke, then stops when she sees the ghost is motionless.
lydia and wickham climb into a carriage in the dead of night.
she takes a few steps and stops as the lights go out.
grainy footage of mr. gateau rowing out to sea in a wooden boat.
harry gasps and reels back.
she looks at her key fob.
he straightens his arms, lets the bar down onto a pair of supports on either side of the bench, and sits up.
john grins as the dogs splash around.
he enters the great hall.
amy looks down awkwardly, then turns away.
they barely stain the bottom of the glass.
mr. crouch nervously addresses the students.
camille shoots the general's guards and kicks one so hard he flies over a railing.
later, ryan and alex are at the table.
kyle looks urgently back at the family.
the children run back into the school and into professor mcgonagall's classroom.
he's in his mid-40s with short dark hair and a rugged handsome face.
the floor is littered with obedient hayseeds.
bassam and ferris drive along a dirt road and stop at the top of a hill.
firing webs as he goes, the costumed hero sweeps through the skies from building to building across new york city.
sam slowly turns to gollum.
the guy sips his drink through a straw.
he puts them on, reads.
as holmes and sim leave, a man and two couples come in.
and stops a passing waiter.
george and mary are in each other's arms.
they creak with every step.
mr. white loads his two .45 automatics.
on the battlefield, all eyes turn to mount doom.
she removes her sandals and walks across the room.
the climber inches up a near vertical cliff.
hedwig flaps her wings.
harry opens the door at the top of the stairs.
he takes another spoonful,
sometime later, shimon officiates the burial.
the wadding, undone, reveals a smaller wad of gauze taped up inside.
valjean gets up and hauls marius up onto his shoulder.
the child wriggles through then turns, pulls a package after him and runs.
tillie walks up and smiles at him broadly.
he turns to charlie.
norman turns slowly until, in silhouette, we see his profile, his chin lowered furtively as he looks over his shoulder in the direction of the house.
mike spins abby and leads her.
kate stands with the other parents and guardians on the pavement outside.
jack takes a pull on a bottle of beer.
cavalieri is glaring at mozart.
moody glares at fred.
mirabehn, patel, azad, pyarelal, stand with other prisoners and the military wardens in solemn obeisance to the dead -- and the living, for gandhi sits a little distance from the pyre, wrapped in his shawl, staring at the dying embers in tragic and impenetrable isolation as though he may never move again.
the crazed woman stands at the end of the hall.
everett wears a hairnet over his painstakingly arranged hair.
the camera mounts the steps to the porch.
he plunges his ice ax into the rock and hauls himself up over the edge of the rock face.
the smoker looks at randal.
frederick can be seen working at a drawing board on the other side of the clear plastic screen.
graham drops his torch as he rushes to rescue his son.
charles moves round to the driver's side.
the baby, peeping out over her shoulder, is facing the window.
peter helps mj to her feet.
fantine is out on the snow and ice-covered quayside, shivering, waiting for trade.
she steps down into the water, grabs and overhead frame, and ducks her head out into the hallway.
thomas shows him a collection of military uniforms.
he opens the front door of his home.
carl and allison stand up to leave.
about a dozen people are on specialized weight machines.
he turns and runs through the falling snow up the main street of the town.
juno looks at mark.
her ear pressed against her phone, which lies on a pillow beneath her.
they find themselves on a small rooftop overlooking the city.
she looks across at zoe, who's staring at her.
the exasperated clerk reaches around, rummages, slaps a ruler on the desk.
barnes approaches the police car with his handgun held out in front of him.
they quickly hide as bobby's garage door swings open.
graham nods without looking over.
harry wakes up.
butterflies flutter around them.
harry sees the number 97.
he moves closer and peers into the mist.
she puts her hand on evan's shoulder, stands and goes to lenny.
kyle barges through and picks up the boy.
a shaft of moon light shows the way, follow hagrid and his dog, fang, along the edge of the forest.
quickly retracts her hand as the door slams shut.
he strides back down the aisle towards the stage.
they look at each other and raise their glasses in a toast.
the film cuts back briefly to bobby short playing the piano.
as mitch hangs up, he looks troubled.
carrying a lantern, filch leads the four children out of the school.
concerned, the students look at each other.
aragorn joins them -- the fellowship is complete.
laszlo passes the table where ilsa sits and goes straight to the orchestra.
they are around the back of the tank, hidden from the truck.
they stride across the loft past lee, who is standing by the stereo.
dorota goes to the kitchen, wets a towel, comes back to the bed, kneels it, places the towel on szpilman's brow.
taking up his two-handed broadsword.
later, trish dries dishes in the kitchen.
eddie laughs to himself, puts his hanging bag and cue case on a chair, then turns to face his image in the mirror.
drover breaks a case over his opponent's head.
she flinches uncomfortably but then composes a smile for the customer.
george crosses over and sits on the edge of the bed.
his puts arm around her, they danse more closely.
donovan holds the missing grail diary pages.
her eyes are distant.
he uses a touchscreen pda to activate the fan in the window overlooking the plaza.
she starts toward the parking lot.
harry looks at neville apologetically.
he looks round, startled.
then he comes out with the scotch and they walk off down the street together.
mike smiles and gives abby the thumbs-up.
a gaggle of her friends watch her go.
lisa looks down at jeff, not comprehending.
embarrassed, harry dribbles his drink.
tim, now dressed in his jeans, stands at her bedside and pulls on his polo shirt.
the locket falls open, revealing penny's picture inside.
it stops and lifts its head.
nick moves across to sit beside kate.
blood and puke are down her front.
joseph gets up and moves to a small table with a phone.
sirius congratulates harry and disarms lucius.
magarri holds a rifle and drover stands holding a rope, as they get underway.
marley immediately puts his paws on the table and starts eating the cake.
as she goes upstairs, the group of boys follows her.
the cart rattles over a stone bridge towards a busy hobbit marketplace.
they lean on a railing.
piano music is still heard very softly in the background as hannah, hugging herself, walks slowly down the hallway into the living room.
he turns and treads calmly along the wooden veranda surrounding the house.
she embraces her sister warmly then sits back on the bed.
he glances at cho.
the two men wave at each other as edward drives off.
a screen shows the mass spreading out across the eastern seaboard of the united states.
and fezzik rushes forward, grabbing the portcullis, which is indeed closing quickly.
pale diaphanous drapes and close them in their bed.
the fan is jolted as the elevator doors open and close.
hermione glances briefly at ron.
the chase weaves through a slow traffic.
gazes out at the mountains shrouded in mist.
he picks it up.
tommy rushes evan and bashes him with the tire thumper in the shoulder and ribs.
but, his hand passes right through hers.
evan nods and scrutinizes her face with his next question.
the operator activates the polygraph.
he's completely feral, with a beard to his elbow and skin scratched and blistered.
Looking .straight up the STEEP SLOPES of MOUNT DOOM, a huge mass of ash and slag and burned stone!
he hangs near their table.
he circles the table, a proud, cocky smile on his face, and superimposed over his movements we see the spectators, hunched up in their chairs, and fats' face, glowering, hostile.
eddie just stares at bert, then looks over at the downcast face of minnesota fats.
after getting his bearings, he grabs his jacket and exits, leaving her dumbfounded.
some guests sip their drinks, smiling, as the camera moves back to the piano and the book- laden wall.
he by- passes the stairs and slowly makes his way to the kitchen.
he drives off.
anheuser looks surprised
kay shakes frank the pug once more.
a cleaner polishes a floor in a brightly lit corridor.
many seats remain unoccupied toward the back and the balcony.
about a dozen neighbors crowd around.
students shift uncomfortably.
evan pats lenny on the back.
then it takes off down the street and disappears around a corner.
forrest continues talking as he sits on the bus bench.
she brings her lips to his neck.
he passes some other bikers almost hitting them.
louise looks at j.d.
asael observes from a distance.
david leans in and kisses her.
he cautiously crosses the room towards a door in the corner.
evelyn flashes a cold smile.
count rugen and his four warriors, racing through the castle, and as they reach a complex intersection of several corridors, rugen stops, incredulous, as we.
elliot stops pacing and checks his wristwatch.
malcolm barely catches a glimpse of the boy.
jack turns.
as a detail marches up to them, the colonel's adjutant speaks gently to ba.
the r.o.u.s.--a rodent of unusual size--is probably no more than eighty pounds of bone and power.
the young man is elvis presley.
he turns and looks at her.
delmar bows his head to silently pray.
fats rubs his hands together, then takes out his cigarette case.
kevin turns, feigning surprise.
popping the lid, he tips the bottle.
on the tube, dave is interviewing actor martin weir when suddenly the screen goes black and the desk lamp comes on.
he turns on his heel and marches off towards his jeep, leaving skeeter looking bemused and tearful.
hal is on the phone to the fbi man.
behind the barred window a fat cashier grins.
karkaroff is furious.
she smiles with pride as two glasses are placed on the bar, and filled with poor fella rum.
walker looks around, grinning, shaking his head.
abby spots this and snatches the remote out of mike's hand.
his eyes brighten and he goes for that.
the german gunner spots the tug approaching and opens fire with a machine gun.
stunned and heartsick.
charles slowly enters the room and a glass door shuts behind him.
she hangs her head and gazes down again.
the guy points to the door.
salim takes the bottle then suddenly throws the contents at punnoose's face.
everett's face remains frozen in horrified disbelief, but delmar finally accepts pete's corporeal reality.
brock drops to his hands and knees, consumed by the black tendrils that pushed him to the floor as if he were stuck in a pool of tar.
he releases the rocks, grabs the rope, hangs helplessly in space a moment, then looks up at inigo and.
luke pauses, suddenly derailed by his own feelings.
he takes the pipe out of his mouth and puts it in his pocket.
outside, the car backs up.
it's the woman whose drink he spilled in the bar.
as the bell rings announcing the next train.
the queen twists a silver pen in her hands.
a tall bearded man comes out and goes past ben.
flint turns and carries on walking.
and merrill looks at the ceiling.
skyscrapers loom overhead on either side of the street.
the crowd watching george and mary dancing.
a tail twitches briefly between his beak, then -- slurp!
the other vets follow forrest pushes onto the stage and push him toward the microphones.
of aragorn's army, totally surrounded by 300,000 orcs poised for the order to attack!
dillinger tosses the blonde man away.
she picks some lint off his shirt.
there are kid shouting hello from some of the balconies.
diana notices a merge up ahead.
evelyn shakes her head.
conscious of the noise, she shows with a twist of her shoulder the armpatch insignia.
westley simply picks up buttercup as they walk along, moves her out of danger, puts her back down, goes right on talking without missing a beat.
john's eyes follow the doll.
three others standing behind him: an old couple with crowns, the aging king and queen, and a dark bearded man who seems the prince's match in strength: this is count rugen.
andrea turns to stone when she sees it.
he stomps off into the living room.
jerry goes into a frenzy, banging the scraper against the windshield and the hood of his car.
charlotte and her husband are among the guests taking to the black and white checkered dance floor.
stella returns with the table, and sets it up so that it is across jeff's lap.
the setting sun slowly dropping behind the sea visible between the headlands of a beautiful inlet.
he stares blankly at her.
oliver catches her gaze.
emily sings along.
jeep is about to turn back to the garage when he notices something off in the distance.
dumbledore wears a silvery white robe in the vista of white.
fergus gets up and stands behind her, gently pushes the hair from her face.
determined to stay ahead, draco grits his teeth.
her bright red lips smile coyly.
harry lands with cedric in the arena.
eddie abruptly turns and walks out of the house.
we see pete in a large group of bikers riding down san vicente.
jeeps looks up in the sky.
jack walks into the next room and slides the case into the safe.
behind the station wagon stands the shape of a man.
the ship continues moving alongside the iceberg.
she wipes a tear from her eye, offers a smile, then stands and climbs up the stairs.
they part and harry turns away.
bond ducks as glass and bullets fill the aston.
peter tears up the tattered skin tight black fabric across his chest.
one man walks slowly towards the tank.
the ball drops between the two and dante gets flattened.
she puts her glasses in a handbag, then stands to put out the lights.
pleased with the transformation, harry smiles.
he sees a figure in the distance.
they hurry after him in the forest.
students walk along the path towards the station.
massive elephant-like creatures, each carrying a war-tower, packed with haradrim archers.
a photograph standing beside his owl's cage falls onto the carpet.
frodo has a sudden moment of self realisation and releases gollum, horrified at his violence.
harry watches her go.
knocked off balance, the goblin is kicked away by spider-man.
larry pops out from the living room, stopping debbie in the foyer.
bullets rip through the walls of the first class compartments, showering watson and holmes with debris.
on a cordoned-off street, a policeman pats the roof of a milk float.
the two women stare at one another.
the man is balding, and middle-aged.
dyer looks at him quickly.
the four metal limbs begin to move, rising up like snakes.
eddie felson holds up his stuffed billfold for his pal, charlie burns, to see.
mulvihill stares at gittes with unblinking eyes, remains by the desk.
inside, a man and a woman talk, ignoring ron.
charlotte jumps off the bed and scurries away, leaving a wide gap between her parents.
she moves past findley, alone with his drink, observing his guests; past the bleary-eyed couples on the dance floor, until she comes to the bar.
mr. weasley is brought in, looking battered and bruised.
as she passes she slips on a spilled drink.
the horn comes up again -- right.
the robber skeptically furrows his brow.
he reaches for his wallet.
beside the owner column he places the ruler, looks toward the clerks, then swiftly rips down the page, tearing out a strip about two inches wide containing the owner's name and property description.
martini dumps his money on the table.
sam screams as frodo is lifted off his feet by the spear tip and slammed against the wall.
the spiders scuttle close behind the car as it jolts away between the trees.
she has her finger on the lever.
yelling men scurry away.
to benjamin, as he follows them out of the lift.
he looks into the room and sees a guitar.
klaatu glances at karl's work then moves to another part of the board.
she drinks from the whiskey bottle.
at a street corner two policemen stop a white civilian and question him.
andy gets out of the car looking stunning in a chic black evening gown, with her hair swept up and adorned with white flowers.
she takes a sip.
lindsey carries a bowl of popcorn.
rambo leads sarah from the officer's hut and across the compound.
she extends her arms and legs as he spins her.
on the video, john takes off patrick's nappy, which marley then grabs.
the huge snake slithers along the floor and escapes to freedom out of the door of the reptile house.
as she enters the apartment.
kate kisses her fingers and touches zoe's forehead.
the woman speaks to dieter in german.
en-joo runs out of ammo and takes a grenade from a fallen soldier, pulls the pin and throws.
stretching ahead of them with no end in sight is marshland.
she picks up the receiver in the den.
aibileen looks across, with the same passive expression as before.
the steward fumbles with the keys.
zoe beams up at them as she admires the drawing.
hands haul the dude out of the toilet.
abby sways rhythmically to the music as mike caresses her hair and runs his hands down her sides.
he calls to her through the closed door as he empties his pockets.
sarah proposes a toast.
folding back the layers, she finds a camel haired coat with a thick fur collar.
she hustles him out.
zus steps nearer, but neither brother looks at the other.
butch walks down the alley until he gets to another street, then he discreetly glances out.
the mound of burning books is ten feet tall and growing by the minute as college students and nazi brownshirts continually toss more books onto the fire.
she looks apprehensive as michael approaches.
they burst through the front door.
parrish falls silent again, looking for an answer.
she rushes after him, barging him out of the way to close the closet doors.
queenie bathes benjamin with the bathroom door wide open.
hearing the approach of rachel's group, ruby turns the back of her head towards us.
the floor manger leads brian to his seat before the cameras.
sandy follows her.
the truck rattles on.
taylor puts his cell phone into the front seat of the ambulance driven by sam and veronica, and gets into a spanish police car.
debbie tosses her hat on the floor and hops onto a bed.
later, kate draws back a curtain to look down at zoe, who is pacing on the wintry street outside the apartment.
or is this something else--?
mj looks around briefly as if expecting to see peter, but there's nobody there.
he shoves a gate open.
harry reaches out and lifts it down.
we slowly move through a foreclosure auction to find edward watching.
in the hearing room, cell phone footage of the plane crash is played on a large screen.
bleeker putting on his sweat bands.
picking up a bottle of perfume, she sniffs it and sprays her wrist, rubbing it against the other wrist.
he grabs the hat.
graham slowly stands and turns round to face the creature.
the gypsies surround holmes and watson who smile politely.
michael and his volunteers doze in the boat.
our continuing track and pan have brought us onto a framed life magazine cover which is headlined are you a lebowski achiever?
they watch a dvd at home.
he is in black tie, and from the looks of the apartment he is preparing for guests.
she can barely control her tears and hurries into the kitchen just as the front door opens and szpilman enters, looks round bemused by the activity.
percy watches the exchange discreetly from behind the counter.
it's flint, now transformed into sandman.
the back of his hand is bloody.
she studies her reflection in a big mirror and touches up the mascara on her long, black lashes.
sandy runs over.
right now all his considerable talent and strength is totally focused on seducing a tiny dog into the elevator door he holds open.
dante looks around, hyperventilating.
perch tie up on the studded side of the steeple, black- suited spider-man looks at his hand, flexes his fist, then drops from his perch like a bird shot from a tree.
indy crawls through a small opening in the side of the cliff and enters a temple.
he ladles soup for homeless people.
at last, the familiar lights of canary wharf and the winding river thames appear below them.
spider-man clings on, but flint punches him into the truck.
the titanic leaves a long wake in the dark ocean.
they cross him, towards the door.
inigo, straining, forcing his body away from the cliff edge.
he leans close to her, whispering in her ear.
she glances out at her surroundings.
mickey tries to watch the offscreen bobby short; he crosses his arms across his chest.
javert walks off.
he puts it down.
ricky pulls his beeper off his belt and checks it.
charlie freezes a few feet from the car when she sees those piercing eyes already familiar to us.
they shake on it.
and he lowers his head and moves on to the car, where kallenbach holds the door for him, nehru, azad and pyarelal following.
jenny shoves the guitar at forrest.
a smile, and he pulls out a stethoscope.
beginning on jeff's window thermometer, the camera pans from right to left around the neighborhood.
shimon addresses an elderly man.
the golden dome of the temple fills the screen, shimmering.
the door is shut in peter's face.
wind whips two trench-coated lawmen as they escort a shackled dillinger across the tarmac.
he carefully sets thomas down and lowers him onto a wooden seat.
watched by an astonished salieri, mozart disappears under the cloth and obviously pounces upon constanze.
ten or twelve cars are parked diagonally, not crowded.
graham gets to his feet and takes a step towards his brother.
butch squints down the front of the bed at her, trying to focus.
ben moves in behind her and puts his hand on her arm.
they stand up, remove their jackets, and prepare to play again.
as the man swipes at ferris with a knife, two dogs attack.
the ravers cheer as david dances with elise.
later in the evening, peter dressed smartly in a sober suit, his dark hair swept across in a neat side parting, stops a few feet away from the entrance of the restaurant constellation and pulls aunt may's ring out of his breast pocket.
he picks up the cloth, revealing the triggered bomb mechanism beneath.
with soldier-like efficiency, michael picks up the rifle bags and begins to load them into the trunk of the squad car.
bob springs into action, clearing the door and flipping the dead bolt.
minas tirith is built in 7 levels -- each behind a circular defensive wall.
tamara is stopped.
he holds azad's eyes, giving strength.
bingley steps away from the door, still grinning.
at intervals, german soldiers select even more unlikely couples: a fat woman with a painfully thin man, a young boy with an elderly woman, two men, and two cripples.
she reacts to this.
he is propping nathan jr.up in the corner of the couch.
models in an array of stunning gowns sashay down the runway as cameras flash.
that evening, harry strides into the dark, arched osborne living room.
she is wearing school uniform.
the hockey players fill the convenience store.
he sticks his ear to the safe and starts to turn the combination lock.
but it's indy's end of the catwalk that drops down.
a last defiant snort from carol -- and then she is overwhelmed.
marty comes into scene, followed by george.
she walks past the rows of convicts with their families, up to a glass cage, where fergus sits, waiting.
ginny and the others watch as neville sprints towards them.
we are looking over the shoulder of a broad-shouldered man in a cream-colored suit and a shirt with powder-blue collar.
lt. dan crouches down.
father salieri sits at the head of the table, a napkin tucked into his chin.
the musicians are in their places, holding their various exotic-looking wind instruments; the candles are all lit.
he looks past her, and we see two small children asleep in a big brass bed.
the four brothers, walking side by side, lead the way along the woodland path.
the twins play tricks with a firework.
she smokes.
inside, the civilians disembark from the buses in a huge hanger.
they head to a room.
her eyes closed, daisy tilts her head back, enraptured.
andy stops at a bakery and walks down the street, unashamedly munching on an onion bagel.
we see, standing in the doorway, the tuxedo-clad man.
he turns to the camera.
at that moment: spinning balls of bright color suddenly leap out of the cart, fizzing over the heads of the delighted children.
the soldier primes and tosses two more grenades.
he stares in surprise.
uncle billy is walking along the street, humming happily to himself.
he walks out onto the street.
as a goblin teller looks up, she tries to look austere as she swaggers along.
ron and hermione sit beside harry.
they are staring off at the car.
at the bugle, a headline is being composed.
gandhi walks along, bourke-white loping along beside him, a little distance away, listening, but searching too for an angle, a moment that is right.
the driver shoots a glance up to the rearview mirror as the sirens grow louder, then gropes inside his coat.
holmes takes a seat in front of the board.
now in the woods, they tie the president and the young teller to a tree.
the store, with its makeshift banner looming in the dim morning hour, just after dawn.
he lurches towards the bridge.
a huge triangular pile burns before the platform, an excited half-naked crowd swirling in the shadows around it.
the answer appears on the page.
sir edward stares back, then drops the paper back on his desk.
bond is in the back of a powerboat flying an italian flag at the stern.
he stares at sophie, who's cradling cuba.
kate places a scarf around her neck, and looks down at her drawing of a sailboat and a dolphin that zoe's resting on.
he indicates the sacks with his chin.
he opens it and extracts a sickly-looking lung model.
with a brilliant flash, the screen turns white.
spotting a can of dog food on the floor, he picks it up and rising slightly, reaches up beside him to slap it on top of the pile of sacks.
jacob looks away.
a sign on the brass bar reads no gambling allowed.
szpilman and henryk join her.
jenny and patrick sit glumly side by side at the table as john goes and sees to the baby.
carolyn sighs wearily and gazes at graham.
ferris opens a matchbox and drops the fragment into it.
as men quietly work at other tables around him, some writing in slim books of their own, he shifts his contemplative eyes, then rises.
in an apartment directly opposite, a businessman, his wife, three young people and an old man in a wheelchair sit at their dining table.
the personalities involved disguised by their helmets and face guards, until he comes to a picture of an overturned car.
aerial shot: moving over the white mountains.
she goes back into the bathroom as john composes himself, then makes another entrance.
he raises his legs higher.
then looks away.
grimsrud is bounding out wearing mittens and a red hunter's cap, but no overcoat.
through a bright gap in the clouds, a huge coach appears, drawn by seven winged white horses.
the black woman, constantine, smiles at her warmly as she sits down next to her.
soldiers drag him away.
stella picks up her bag, stares at jeff's back a moment, then starts for the door.
he takes the bag to the bed where he dumps out the contents.
with the merest hint of a smile, he begins to walk down the lane towards the farm.
jacob looks puzzled.
abby watches mike on the monitor.
weapon after ferocious weapon gets tossed into rifle bags.
turns back.
they all stare at professor lupin.
now, debbie prepares for the party as barb enters the kitchen.
neff stops the machine.
madril his breathing quick and shallow.
eventually santa emerges.
walter reaches one arm across dude's body to grab the laundry.
lee stops at the row where elliot has been browsing.
as he stands up with the piece of paper.
as he bends to remove the pieces of broken tile, a two-foot square hole is revealed.
the masked and costumed superhero swings once again above the streets of new york.
soldier aim their muskets up at the ceiling.
he swerves the car, smashing her head on the window.
now, he lays an orange on each of the neatly folded towels on the benches.
juno examines a large ad in the newspaper that depicts a distraught teen girl clutching her head in a moment of staged conflict.
both are gaping off at the front lawn.
footman nods and takes it.
he pauses, then puts the chips on twenty-two.
she wanders across to aibileen, who is clearing up.
graham does the same.
jessica sweeps off.
suddenly, strider charges at the ringwraiths, wielding his sword in one hand, a flaming torch in the other.
edward is startled.
he steps into an elevator.
barb and barry are trying to help keep the conversation going.
at her home, skeeter drops her bag on the floor and walks into her mother's bedroom where charlotte is sitting on her bed without a wig sewing a sampler.
he becomes aware of the sound of footsteps and he turns to see walker approaching, a little knapsack over his shoulder.
she looks at him like a kid who's been caught stealing sweets.
officer edgar paski nods that he knows.
a police's spotlight illuminates a second floor window through which the thief has fallen.
she hammers the auto door lock.
the crowd looks among themselves.
the busboys going through the motions, collecting dishes.
slowly, reggie lowers the 'phone from her ear and hangs it up.
the assistant starts pushing again until elijah wrenches the other wheel.
nick sits up front.
kate's face brightens as she tastes a spoonful.
eddie chalks up his cue, waiting impatiently for the bartender to return with the money from the cash register.
they finally touch the flashlight.
he pulls the car around to the window, where a teenage girl wearing a headset is waiting.
she delivers a swift kick to his crotch.
asael lips part but no sounds comes out.
he maintains his wide swagger.
something suddenly occurs to him.
two men in hats look over.
his head lolls to one side, and his eyelids close.
charlie recoils and holds up a metal tray.
jack puts joe in the back of his patrol car.
abby stands in the basket, still nervous, but flying on adrenaline.
ryan and alex look back towards the city lights, some distance away.
close on an ancient woman's papery hands as they button a cardigan sweater.
all the creature sees is the blur of wood as merrill swings like a lumberjack.
she heads for the door.
he is clearly deeply unhappy to see his grandson engaged in such an activity.
he glances toward the open front door, then takes a bite.
and then he glances up.
filch, the caretaker, runs in.
a burning body floats past him.
dave comes up behind them with his neck brace.
david seems lost in his thoughts.
on the roof of the house, a figure moves into the light.
he spins around in his leather chair.
taking a deep breath, he walks slowly around a corner and stops at the horrible sight ahead of him.
he's left a note on the floor beside the tub.
crack - as the first shotgun spurts orange the foreground rabbit keels over.
daisy comes and sits beside him.
it zooms over the forest and lands heavily on the grass beside hagrid's cottage.
she crushes them in her palms.
she starts to move away.
as they talk, captain tonelli and lieutenant casselle walk by toward the entrance of the cafe.
evan places the metal shard in lenny's hand.
a student is bayoneted in the back.
automatically keyes grabs the phone and answers.
harry snatches the wands from draco and stuns lucius.
as the waitress leaves, diana takes a large bite of ribs.
as he walks along the corridor, his own name and footprints appear on the parchment.
arwen looks down at strider as she supports frodo with one hand.
gittes goes back to the stacks with the ruler.
lewis finds a weapon and dishes out mayhem of his own.
gandhi is last through the door.
the four of them stare at the television.
he takes off his heavy coat in which sim's knife is embedded.
gray clouds are reflected in the waters of the lake.
he slips.
in between the photos hangs a copy of the serenity prayer.
kurt unwittingly drops bobby's mobile as they hurry out.
mrs. walters watches tv as she has her lunch.
in the slytherin common room, he slumps onto a leather sofa.
lester is sprawled on the couch in his underwear, drinking a beer and controlling the car.
the dude is staring off towards the bowler.
george throws mary's robe over the bush and gets into the car.
he looks at once nervous and excited.
bob is with gin, the security chief.
laurie finally hangs up the phone.
his father guns down several of the approaching people.
they turn.
then they spread the robes in front of them, and lie down on the roof, and out of sight.
the guy sips it.
whip looks at the piece of paper before him.
they are both quiet for a second.
vincent is in the front seat washing windows, while jules is in the backseat, picking up little pieces of skull and gobs of brain.
andrews enters the a deck foyer, where dozens of passengers chat and drink as musicians play.
he looks up again to find alison watching him.
jenny looks out the window.
ben sits down.
jeep stares up at gabriel who towers over him with the knife ready.
the man does a little skip.
pete is reading sadie's ichats on her confiscated ipad out loud to debbie.
harry flings the dagger at the mirror.
draco calls out, he's sitting up a tree.
she's on the phone to stuart.
charlie, his trousers rolled up, plays a tentative splashing game with a skinny little indian boy.
he fires.
harry flies towards it and hurtles through one of the narrow openings at the top.
his hard stare unsettles the women.
jeep tries to fight him off.
he leaves the pub.
c) tanks rolling down the road toward paris.
rown slamming the plane, as the two aircraft nearly collide.
the green goblin comes close.
gandhi -- now manacled -- is being marched down the pavement before two guards.
rides at the head of an infantry column toward zus and his men standing by the side of the track.
mary jane strides into the theater where she's working.
bones shakes his head, stands up.
the sheriff pays for his petrol and the candy bar, then goes back outside.
pete turns to debbie with a cold stare.
after a beat willie and marcus walk out in costume and cross toward the parking lot.
tilt down from the town's water tower -- joe and charles ride their bikes underneath it, crossing main street -- two large military trucks drive past, we may note the airman in the passenger seat scans the area with a handheld device.
we get a closer view of the waving hand.
harry makes a grab for him.
ben gets in his car and drives off.
they flatten themselves against a wall to avoid detection.
as he slides over the edge and disappears.
it blasts all to hell.
edward takes a final look at this perfect little town.
then his hardened face goes blank.
dumbledore's hair and beard are buffeted by the strong wind but his eyes affixed on an inverted v-shaped fissure in the cliff face.
sam is assured and breezy, wearing very collegiate clothes.
he reaches in his pocket, pulls out the remote control lois bought, and aims it down into the room.
on the other side, a man lowers a flap and ferris looks into the room.
he stares at her with sad, gentle eyes.
ben gets to the top just as elaine comes out of the door to her bedroom.
without a word, he grabs his machine gun, and with a line of volunteers behind, strides off past tuvia.
mike and helen stare in disbelief.
robbie shakes his head disapprovingly.
everyone stops writing and turns to look.
the man smiles.
she rolls her eyes at the counter clerk and leaves the store, stick in one hand.
he concentrates.
frodo slumped against a rock.
the receptionist sits behind a pane of bulletproof glass.
in the dark sky above them, another flare shoots, then dissipates.
startled, graham bangs his head and drops the knife.
as the smoke clears, the director catches sight of angie lying on the ground.
inside the small storefront space is a desk.
she has her hair neatly done up.
he wrestles with his steering wheel as javier looks back and sees barnes lose a little bit of ground.
harlan is pushing himself on her now, and she is beginning to push him away harder.
the slytherin team fly out in their green cloaks.
emily walks behind ben with her hands on his shoulders as he leads her into the workshop and switches on the light.
the dead swarm continues to rain down on the half-destroyed buildings of manhattan.
forrest stands at the helm as the boat glides across the water.
chili looks at harry.
a song is coming over the radio.
the elderly groundskeepers eye the letters missing from the club's sign.
she then leans forward, opens the glove box and takes out a packet of cigarettes.
wiping her eyes, hermione comes out of the toilet.
fergus, standing as the crowds go by him, looking in the window.
the sense of the idea seizes gandhi, and as the sound of the galloping horses nears, he turns and shouts too.
the alien runs along the dark tunnel in pursuit of cary, who flees up ahead of it.
an ethereal vision of arwen, as she appears on the other side.
rick puts his hand to her chin and raises her face to meet his own.
they look at each other, alarmed.
as the phoenix weeps vaporizes from the wound, the torn flesh begins to heal.
with glowing flowers as they rain down from the branches.evaporating just above the up turned faces of the delighted party-goers 144 hobbits, feasting and drinking carts of beer and wine are scattered about, and the tables are piled high with steaming scones and savories.
she starts kissing him.
he increases the volume on the tv.
parrish is frozen, dumbfounded.
a smile spreads across his face as he looks around the players.
the beauxbatons girls cheer as fleur walks up.
evelyn's car pulls up before the elegant spanish rest home, its entryway illuminated by streetlights.
jacob wakes up.
ominous sounds of wind rising.
the three partisans armed with rifles come past a flock of geese on their way to the barn.
hermione finds ron and harry playing chess at one of the long polished tables.
fletcher gets off his horse, and the bearded bull holds up a flaming torch.
the boyish man returns david's wallet.
an instant later the cage appears and stops.
his blood paints the car windows.
harry moves towards a door and hangs onto a handle.
joseph looks upset.
robin rushes down a corridor bustling with people.
the door is held open by a prison guard.
they stare at each other for a long time.
the lady with the dog sees him.
sam takes a deep breath and steps forward.
tommy glances down the hall and sees cole standing frozen staring at the crawl space closet.
he glances with a little apprehension at the police, then takes his notes from his pocket and moves to the front of the fire.
harry grabs draco and hauls him on to the broomstick.
he reaches across her and opens the door.
pete and debbie are watching from afar, sitting next to each other.
his eyes widen as he pulls a rose petal from his mouth right before we .
then fudge turns.
harry looks on, then sees ripper snuffling about his ankle.
they're all opened by servants.
the werewolf is frozen.
a brown haired card player turns to a man beside him.
enrique looks up as the mayor finishes his introduction.
stuck in an indentation on the side of the water tower tank, is the vibrating cube.
as people gather and stare up in horror.
they're up on the bar with everybody gathered round, singing and urging them on.
the two doll-like mannequins look at each other.
sadie is listening to a song on her iphone.
fred and george run off.
the previa cruises slowly into the loring's fancy gated community.
as the ass-whupping continues, we.
the storeroom is a museum of hasty decisions and half-finished projects: partially built outboard motors, dead bonsai trees, frankensteinian lawnmowers.
he stands and ambles toward the bars.
it is decorated for christmas.
oliver cleans up outside.
she opens her eyes in the brighter light of the hall, and lifts her head as david carries her up the staircase.
her body gently rocks as she start to sob.
now he sees the pendulum has been guarding a small corridor which turns a corner to the left fifty yards ahead.
sandy gathers up the envelope and stands, glancing at the paperwork in his hands.
she leaps out of bed, throwing on a robe.
lola gives him a sly smile.
the hand finally leaves with the purple elephant.
his face drops when he sees eddie and sarah walking toward him.
forrest runs to the end of the drive, then turns right and runs down the highway.
peter, his spider-man suit completely black, hangs upside down from a skyscraper, looking at his reflection in a dark- mirrored window.
opposite the soldier's vantage point and above the piggery is a cage in which the downcast male survivors of michael's party kneel.
bilbo's hand pulls something out of his waistcoat pocket and holds it behind his back.
she crosses to the bed where he's concentrating on the game, and sits beside him.
underneath it is a sketchpad on which he do the original snug-fitting spider-man outfit, blue body stocking, a hooded mask, red and black checked shoulder pants and the chest.
he gets down on his knees and looks under the bureau.
a male medic is thrown across the operating room.
long-haired larry is left outside, looking indignant.
bailiffs and sergeants-at-arms respond to the imprecations of the council and attempt to capture the sheep and the farmers, having to restrain one who looks like he's going to bodily attack mulwray.
the boy appears behind bob and tries to throttle him.
jenny waves to forrest.
the blonde woman puts her arms protectively around the bemused jacob.
harry folds the sweatshirt, puts it into the trunk and closes the lid.
sidney turns to the camera.
harry and ron hide in the second floor corridor where the teachers are gathering.
carl stands with his hand on his heart.
she leans forward and inserts the key into the ignition.
sam quickly cuts frodo free.
brian stands beside tubby peter taylor, watching the team play.
elizabeth turns to benjamin.
marius comes to him.
she peers through the window.
they continue on down the street on their search.
soldier shoots at gavroch who has climbed through the barricade.
rises from her seat, and stands in the center of the drawing room, prepared to greet any visitors.
he stops the car and watches the van land right side up.
he's pushed into a room.
he steadies the rifle with his claw-like metallic hand.
kate puts her middle finger up at him.
still, the police pursued the stolen car.
the camera follows her quickly to another lamp.
the man gets in his suv as pete writhes in glass.
mr. mcquire appears behind ben.
he looks at the reptilian limbs in desperation.
the creeks off the road rears up savagely behind them.
jack falls on top of rose as she is spilled onto the deck.
he walks through a crowded night market with stalls selling a thousand and one different things.
he picks up his valise, his hanging bag, and his leather cue case.
a boy takes a photograph.
now, in a hospital hallway, debbie shakes her head as she sits with larry.
five red figures this time, one of them performs a stunt on his broom.
butch keeps on talking from the other room.
from the back seat we hear whimpering.
they activate the lever and begin to rotate through the secret door.
a child's buggy is blown away.
back inside its box, the necklace lies on a desk.
heinkin raises an eyebrow.
into frame comes a team of black horses stepping slowly, black plumes nodding, drawing behind them a gun carriage draped in the tricolour flag.
the flames die out.
the flashlight comes to a stop in graham's palm.
holding nails between his lips, edward puts in new windows himself.
valjean is joined by the ghost of fantine.
chili opens leo's bag so that bo can see the money.
pedestrians pass.
takes a seat.
mary sees ron.
then, he scowls.
marge's prowler is parked nearby.
kate turns to jackson.
beside it, a skeletal hand with bony black fingers is mounted on a piece of marble.
willa is in head close-up; bulb hangs at center; preacher, in his nightshirt, is beyond it.
a crowd of communist leaders sit and watch.
she tosses the flowers on a chest of drawers in the hall.
the camera pulls back.
graham blows out his cheeks.
charlie looks away, avoiding his eyes.
abby leans back on mike's arm, and they dance with their hands held palm to palm.
she is smoking a cigarette.
with her lips pursed, diana faces him with wide eyes.
inigo presses on, the man in black retreating up a rocky incline.
dumbledore and professor mcgonagall applauds enthusiastically.
she walks to a car and places the massage table in the trunk.
our view returns to anna, who remains at the table, covering her mouth with her hand.
she yanks her cap off and smooths her fringe before heading in.
frodo open his shirt to reveal the mithril vest.
he spots charlie nearby broadcasting from an rv.
gower savagely rips it away from him, breathing heavily, staring at the boy venomously.
joseph stops moving.
jack takes the letter and hands it to marjorie.
sidney's face drops, and his shoulders sink.
mj stands by the gravestone, sobbing.
the tension is almost too much for him to bear.
silent bob lights a cigarette.
anna receives an ice cream cone.
the whole of the obscurely lit platform is covered thick with waiting crowds.
turning onto fifth.
sydney races outside, where his escape is blocked by the fans and photographers amassed behind a red rope cordon.
charlie shakes her head no.
he pushes his trolley on to platform 9 and three-quarters.
a foot suddenly bursts out from within.
at home, daisy sits near a telephone, looking pale and distant.
then he speaks with a determined purposefulness, a friend's trust.
a grin -- but forced.
the corsac goes after sim.
she breathes into a tube and spews green vomit on the officer.
tears stream down her cheeks.
the ring gleaming in the snow!
cal looks away.
her lip curling unpleasantly, hilly points a menacing finger.
charles takes a seat while prince philip remains standing.
she fixes skeeter with a determined expression.
she puts her handbag beside it, and takes off her coat and scarf as she talks to zoe.
juno stands up and plants a kiss on bleeker's lips, just as the track team come jogging by.
fats steps by eddie and heads for the coat rack, slapping the stake money into bert's hand as he goes by.
the mood becomes suddenly softer.
he looks something like his former self, fairly well dressed and groomed.
the dude twists his body around, performing a barrel-roll so that he is now gliding along the lane face-up.
with a supercilious smile, hilly picks up her paper.
the stewards push back the men, punch them, and hit them with axe handles.
severus closes the door in harry's face.
professor mcgonagall pushes harry aside and faces the headmaster.
on the next page, prices are down to around $3,000.
the rastafarian shrunken head, hanging above the driver, laughs.
he looks up and sees:preacher, in close-up, hands busy o.s.
buttercup floating through the air.
carol feels his head.
he wears the helmet and clings onto her.
the guards keep coming, closing in.
the advocate general smiles with a brittle disdain, then he turns to the judge.
in a hospital, medics try to resuscitate tim.
theoden looks up startled.
he pants and begins to pace around the room.
it's raining pretty hard now.
ray bones looks over as ronnie wingate strolls into the office.
lt. dan and forrest empty their net.
on a dirt road, one of the lorries pulls up and a bunch of troopers dismount with weapons primed.
she calls on a passing science officer.
arkady insists on a bigger portion than the rest.
norton is about forty-five, very well groomed, rather pompous in manner.
they leave the shop.
the proprietor is completely under the spell of that terrible glance.
we push in on the silhouettes.
they turn to him -- a sense of surprise, but they don't really believe he means the statement.
inside a dark house, harry takes a matchbox from bathilda.
miss bingley gives her a patronizing smile.
she gives the beggar a coin and smiles at marius as she goes with valjean.
merrill reaches for morgan's still hand.
moran takes aim.
cosette looks chastened and walks out of the front door.
a small cubicle -- there is a silver-framed photo of three kids on the desk.
lester looks around, confused, then focuses on: across from us, in a pedestal bathtub, is angela.
wickham smiles at lizzie as he takes the girl's hand and leads her down through the column of dancers.
mickey smiles and shrugs, not knowing what to say.
she blinks back tears, then shakes her head.
he moves across the room towards him.
darker than the shadows which conceal it.
barnes and taylor stride across the podium and stand facing out towards the sea of yellow and red flags.
one turns a somersault.
in his office, alastair scribbles some notes on the sheet he was given.
we're watching the wide-screen tv in ricky's room.
michael glances at rambo, who affords him the merest flicker in return.
they are both silent for a minute.
people scavenge on mountains of rotting rubbish as lauries offload more refuse sacks.
with seven walls of white stone, so strong and old that it seems to have been not built, minas tirith looks carven by giants out of the bones of the earth.
gittes hangs up and goes to the door.
purvis turns, gazing toward the cinema lobby.
aron's eyes fill with horror.
suddenly, the service entrance opens, and a large catering boss in a cheap suit peers out at them.
a man strides through the undergrowth and comes across asael lying asleep by a tree with aron in his arms.
he climbs onto john's lap.
elliot frantically stands up and leaves the room.
they're filming with the wrecked train in the distance behind them.
harry fills the shell again.
kate hands her the keys.
he and his companion turn quickly.
and she passes out.
from his new position he is able to see what is causing all the trouble: a razor sharp triple.
later, he drives the beat-up van along a narrow dirt road.
the plane rockets from the swirling cloud and flies away from the fireballs.
cal snatches the cigarette and stubs it out.
she kisses him on the mouth.
she keeps her head down, then looks directly at him.
he wears a pair of dark boots, blue denims and a khaki parka over a black t-shirt.
hermione sits reading on the flat-topped rocks.
he holds the door open.
nahari sneers, but there is just a flicker of desperate curiosity.
frodo rests his head against him.
he grins and crosses to ron.
he awakens and rises slowly.
young jenny and forrest run toward a large oak tree.
a guard had apprehended watson.
fergus is silent; his eyes wet.
o.s., preacher's footsteps come down stairs; john leads pearl carefully past a rake, a hoe, and a shelf-prop and they crouch down into beside an apple barrel.
they turn back to the train and just as they do, the tall indian woman in the red sari tips a porter, taking one small bag from him and turns: mirabehn (madeleine slade) is tall, quite pretty and extremely english despite the sari.
she bursts out laughing and pats him at the thigh.
crane up and up - seeing the little world of the barricaded street now surrounded by waiting soldiers - and the streets round them packed with soldiers in their thousands, so many that we know the little band can never win.
holmes and watson sit at a table.
ginny follows.
nizar looks down anxiously.
he hurries off with hermione.
she wears a low-cut black dress and makes a beeline for him.
daisy watches as benjamin walks to the foot of the stairs.
his head breaks water with his bitter gaze still on javert, as he throws the mast ashore in a deliberate display of strength.
voldemort reaches the elder wand, just before harry reaches his.
he retreats.
gently, he opens the window and climbs into the dark bedroom.
they stop, at one point, to listen to a word of comment from a woman who is watching.
mirabehn stiffens herself.
there are five men facing gandhi.
he walks back inside the warehouse carrying the can of gas.
ron is fidgeting with his outfit.
a woman breaks the ice that has formed in a bucket of water.
mj's face is displayed prominently at the entrance.
aunt may set an enormous turkey in front of norman.
a boy thief escapes with a wand.
he turns back to joseph.
graham wipes his eyes.
mathis is lying in the trunk.
sadie does her homework on her bed.
standing by the side of the road is a male patient, a wild- looking man in his sixties dressed in a white gown, who stares at the station wagon.
he glances at his watch as the film cuts back once again to the loft building, where lee finally appears, walking down the street away from elliot.
graham stares at her, puzzled, through his wet eyes.
malbin hurrying through the snow with an armful of kindling stops in his tracks.
they drive near the scene of pete's accident and overhear.
reggie's back is turned to peter so he can't see her face.
as he starts back, he sees leo's scared look just before he slams the door shut.
zoe's got several stuffed toys with her.
the sink decorated with the snake slowly disappears downwards.
there is an old, portly gent in a city suit emerging from it.
with an evil smile, she presses her wand to his throat.
he scrambles to his feet.
the balloon whooshes upwards.
ray looks at graham.
the girls lead to dance.
she crosses the threshold and approaches nick.
posters of boy bands are on her wall.
the three convicts look out at the swampland which begins to show movement, the bowing grass trampled by men and dogs.
he finished wiping himself down.
he pulls rose away.
he is standing behind his desk opening some mail, taking a few papers out of his briefcase, checking something in his rate book, making a quick telephone call.
the sound of shattering glass.
wormtail looks concerned, but does it anyway.
gandhi is at the wheel and he is smiling off at bourke-white, who is trying ineptly to imitate him on another spinning wheel.
carolyn quickly rinses off her coffee cup, avoiding his eyes, and starts out.
jamal has his eyes closed and head turned away from a semi- naked latika.
the mother nods too sympathetically that she does, but carol interrupts her.
jules takes a sip of coffee in the b.g., we see a patron call the waitress.
indy is stunned.
he issues his commands in a quiet and unemotional voice, as though they were on maneuvers.
he has a large western-style mustache and wears denims, a yoked shirt and a cowboy hat.
she sits back and smiles.
he shows harry a small bottle.
he cuffs their hands together.
he pays the driver and eyes the house, then proceeds in a stealthy jog along the side.
then shakes out her hair, which falls to her shoulders.
he moves with determination through the fleeing students.
angle close on cabin one as lila comes out, turns to her left, goes along porch toward cabin twelve.
she downs her tea cup of rum at a gulp.
charlie joins eddie.
he lowers his gaze to the little girl.
she turns away from the mirror and sits in a big chair with her legs drawn up sideways, the anklet now clearly visible.
david waits till the opposing train passes.
the nearest front page has an advert for a film.
clinging to a nearby piece of debris, a crewman blows into a whistle.
hannah walks past holly to attend to some food on a different stove.
he slaps her and she falls to the ground.
emily, wearing a short strappy dress over a vest top, approaches ben's table and glances over at the shaven-headed boy before speaking.
he toils alone in a darkened workshop.
lines of men standing in the dry dock tug on heavy ropes attached to the ship.
jenny smiles, watching his easy manner as he slings a young lad under one arm, and helps with the bags.
on the staircase, juno in her loose checked shirt over jeans passes a lineup of post photos of mark and vanessa in white.
he immediately caroms off and goes screaming down the hall.
elijah limps across the gallery using a cane.
gittes is left standing by the pond.
among the newsmen we see collins.
gandalf standing quietly on a balcony that overlooks the great city.
fergus runs his hand down her throat.
he is moving toward the door.
inigo, watching as the man in black crawls to safety, then looks to inigo.
the balding burdensky opens a volume.
iorlas runs towards the gates, yelling.
an electrode is attached to his forehead; a nearby technician sits at a computer video screen, looking at a monitoring graph.
jowls shaking in a full run, george nelson bursts through the door of the bank, followed by the three men.
she stares at him, hurt and pissed.
forrest's braces are wedged in the tree.
jessica shrugs and shakes her head.
the robot is floating down a deep, concrete-walled shaft.
tony leaves cherie with her paperwork.
the man tries to push his way through the door as rick walks up.
she gulps her wine; she sniffs.
everyone looks towards the gates.
in his mind's eye, he sees mortar being churned and some spilt.
ben harper half-falls out of the far door, his shoulder blood- stained, his eyes wild.
glen is looking back over his shoulder to shout at hi as he runs.
they both watch the waves beat on the shore a moment, the changing hues of the sunrise on the whites of porbandar.
gandhi nods to them amiably as he passes along in front of them.
sam helps him up.
kay grabs frank.
george and mary are so busy dancing they don't notice the floor opening.
the black woman looks down at her watch.
he looks at elsa, then back to his father.
he's around 60 and tanned with white hair.
they move up the steps of a classroom building.
he compares two brands, rat attack and rat out.
they look at one another, then at the flabbergasted banky.
he is nodding to himself.
pete smiles at his wife, then leans toward his electric guitar shaped cake.
she takes a seat beside him, and he narrows his eyes.
he looks quickly at her, without asking directly for the match.
george is at the door of the office, holding his coat and papers, ready to leave.
leading the way with his flaming torch, holmes heads off down a dark corridor.
valjean is up to his neck.
she turns around.
mrs. gump walks out of the house and smiles.
a barman clears up.
she opens the door, then looks up to see him leaning against the wall, his arms tucked into his chest, with one hand covering the other.
butch goes to the closet.
they touch gently.
benjamin walks away from her apartment block.
alex is an attractive woman with long, straight auburn hair.
ron stands in a circular atrium.
and he's running, dashing through corridors and as he glances back.
juno meets her dad's bewildered gaze, then lets her head drop for a second before speaking.
rick points at his breast pocket.
david, in a gray jacket, walks past a large sign reading memorial service for the families of east rail train 177.
he holds out his hand in front of him and sees it crumble into grey dust.
suddenly, dyle releases his hold.
merrill presses morgan's neck and recoils.
eddie comes in.
tears roll down drover's cheeks.
natalie smiles, slightly embarrassed.
the study door is just closing, indy closing it behind him.
on deck, people run past the band.
debbie squeezes desi's breasts.
the metal needles reach up and skewer a number of paper notes and messages.
sidney turns to his colleagues.
suddenly, she stops writing.
after a moment, the gardener drops the long probe, the waters recede.
other owners look at john, and with a smile, the tanned bikini beauty unclips the leash on her pet boxer.
a satchel over his shoulder, he steps onto a ledge and glances at the mountains ahead.
as he goes to stab peter, a pumpkin bomb cuts into him.
gandalf, aragorn, legolas and gimli stare at the sight before them.
cal hands the girl to a woman, climbs into the lifeboat, and sits.
he goes to search the rooms.
she turns and walks out.
as she slams the car door shut.
our heroine would like to thank the lord openly, but she knows she must not show her feelings; she speaks gruffly.
a newsreel truck and crew ride along about two-thirds of the way back.
brandishing rifles, the troops order a group of terrified and cowering peasants off the truck and onto the road.
the man smiles at a bearded crew mate.
elsewhere in the city, security guards load up an armored van with cash bags.
in the reptile house at the zoo, dudley stares at the sleeping python.
marley is circling in the shallows, preparing to poop.
she climbs.
he staggers across the room, lifting and twisting david, still trying to throw him off.
carolyn is quick to pick up her cue and kisses him, ready for another round.
frodo instantly slumps.as if a psychic link had been broken.
carefully, reggie opens the door and comes out.
the vet puts a stethoscope to marley's chest and listens.
rick walks away toward the gambling room.
kayleigh and evan sit on folding chairs in front of the camera.
pippin suddenly starts to hyperventilate.
he pushes zus down on his back, picks up a round stone and prepares to throw it.
a confused look from colin as he talks on the phone.
walt sits in a doctor's waiting room.
he twists and flexes his neck.
brock glares down the manhole shaft after black-suited spider-man as escort car start arriving.
there are three bodies lying dead on the front lawn.two are children.
andy's at a gallery show that lily's curated.
he stops as a man stands up in front of him.
she shows graham.
hermione watches him.
harry continues down the stairs.
they have arrived at the front steps of the library.
don sits up on the couch.
gittes picks up the glasses, stares at the lens, is momentarily lost in them.
the carjacker has made his escape from the vehicle and is creeping to a darkened warehouse.
it is a man, he keeps coming, and now that he is close and recognizes him.
gandalf gallops through the gate, into the fortress of isengard.a great ring-wall of stone, a mile from rim to rim, encloses beautiful trees and gardens, watered by streams that flow down from the mountains.
the guard on the other side peeks through then unlocks it.
cole takes a long time.
he turns slowly and looks into the eyes of a half-naked black tracker.
the street is dilapidated, full of squats.
she walks up to forrest and adjusts his necktie.
the night porter, rudely awakened, runs to the elevator shaft, his shoes squeaking horribly.
the woman is puzzled, not sure what she just heard.
gandhi holds his hand out to him, and nehru clutches it.
he then takes a plank of old wood and secures it over the window, blocking out the light completely.
the corvette tim was driving bounces and rolls down a steep embankment.
shoved thenardier down into the sludge.
but slowly, as he goes on, they fade into utter silence.
she flees.
he throws some money on the table, grabs her arm, and frog- marches her out.
lola sees him and stands up, and as he is about to pass through the anteroom without recognizing her she stops him.
harry follows mr. weasley past a fountain with huge golden statues.
their torch beams picking up the call shoot with roll turning grill across it and morgan standing in front of it.
a small piece of cake with a candle in it sits untouched.
aunt may stares intently at her nephew.
a woman appears in a puff of smoke.
esmarelda's eyes light up.
winstead lies low behind a tree.
she has a bracelet on her wrist.
very calmly don smokes his cigarette, a great gentleman.
she slouches, her left cheek bruised.
patel leans with one arm on a table, his mood as devastated as gandhi's; he is looking at an indian paper on the table by his hand.
he gazes upon his wife softly.
she bolts up in a sitting position, needle stuck in her chest screaming.
her face is unreadable.
mr. weasley lights a lamp.
in a locker room, david opens one of the chipped green doors.
in the dim fore- ground stands a small table, beyond it the vague contours of don lying on the couch.
they walk out of the back door onto their wooden decking.
gandalf grimly swings his staff again, clubbing denethor to the ground!
he keeps looking at him.
she ties her hair back from her face.
he throws up by a tree and sinks to his knees.
workers run through the rising water and crawl under the lowering doors.
the light falls on bo, crouched on the floor.
a guy plays trumpet on a fire escape.
fantine continues to defend herself to the foreman, as the women sing - .
lydia, meanwhile, is getting more and more bored by the minute.
the students look around, nervously.
all three clamber out of the water onto a rocky outcrop.
harry turns to them.
a man stands at a podium.
ferris drives an suv through town and parks by an apartment block.
a limo is parked beside a private airliner that bears the donovan corporate logo.
his head is plunged back in.
he lowers the camera lens, and turns his attention to his door.
he makes the pranam and starts for the steps.
mrs. robinson stands at the door.
gebczynski's store is for sanitary furnishings and supplies: lavatories, basins, baths, taps etc.
randal hurls the door open and immediately launches into his tirade.
she's trapped.
she turns away.
her hair fans out around her head and glows with a subtle, burnished light.
she bites in to the liquorish rope and wanders off home.
he walks toward one of those circular plush settees common to hotels, sits down, puts the flower box next to him and adjusts the knot of his tie, his eye still on the elevator doors.
in a flashback, he reaches out to touch sarah's inert, bloody hand.
elizabeth opens her mouth, as if about to say something.
he points a finger at david and waits.
he looks at the detectives around bert's bed.
graham starts out of the kitchen.
resume patel and kallenbach.
ben stands, looking up at her apologetically.
mr. robinson stands up with him.
graham swallows and takes a steadying breath.
dale sniffs and flexes his jaw.
he furrows his brow pensively, then makes his way over to howard.
all eyes turn to harry, who sits down nervously.
graham unplugs the set and wields the tv trolley down the hallway into the living room.
he stands beside her as she makes the drink.
he studies harry's face keenly.
and then he glances at us, suddenly aware he's being watched.
now, in a parking lot, sandy and diana stagger toward the chevy caprice.
she goes inside.
one of the women is hit.
moriarty indicates to a henchman to lower holmes to the ground.
hermione sighs and walks away.
mickey's father walks offscreen again, to the kitchen sink.
he goes back to the bureau, gets some socks and underwear and carries them to the suitcase.
lucius malfoy and snape are watching the match together, sitting in the professors' grandstand.
she turns to aberforth.
the air force is searching the house the kids are filming in front of.
one-thirty and fats is still shooting.
clutching her hands over her heart, rose walks to a railing at the back of the ship.
all kitchen utensils have been put away, replaced by more attractive effects, and lamp light softens the surroundings.
dr. redfield points to the cat-scan slides, specifically, to the outer lining of evan's brain.
how can she answer?
she produces a wreath of white roses.
as they come out onto the porch, we see that it is raining.
making an escape, baby face nails cowley.
in her apartment, elise sits at the foot of her bed, eyeing a document.
clutching his stick, aron steps towards a mud ditch in the middle of a clearing.
grimsrud strides calmly out after the injured boy.
pale light glows in the windows of the hangar and casts a sheen across the tarmac.
he joins her, takes the umbrella out of her hand and holds it over them both as they go down the street.
karen, martin, and chili walk out to the driveway.
he picks up the locket between his finger and thumb, then drops it into his palm.
one woman falls to the ground and is dragged to her feet.
they gather around dumbledore.
the camera pans her over to him.
beyond the lab and on the streets of new york, lamp posts, taxis and cars are all drawn towards the building and the tritium.
they turn to leave.
now, sandy inputs a code into a keypad and enters the records room.
harrison sees willie and marcus.
back shot - a group of riders gallop towards the rohan city of edoras.
she holds a beer bottle in one hand.
from his breast pocket, he produces a cigar and holds it ready.
the noise brings the owner of the house running out.
a man in a blue suit hurries through lush green woods with a tommy gun.
don tries again, but by this time the door is open.
skeeter shakes her head in numb disbelief.
he cuts her dead and walks past.
she strokes and kisses his cheek.
buttercup is clearly panicked and maybe westley is too, but he moves jauntily along, sword in hand.
kayleigh's face turns beet red as she bends down to clean up the order.
he heads towards her, they are somehow situated as if they were alone in this crowd.
willie turns off his engine and one working headlight, then gets out of the car with the kid.
jerry looks up and freezes, mouth hanging open, brow knit with worry.
in the background, a waitress holds up a tray.
the woman puts her phone away.
mary has placed her handbag on the counter.
emily stretches out her upturned palm and gestures for ben to sit at the table.
gatsby turns to nick.
emily inputs a message.
she can't go on.
he strides to the corridors carrying a bag in his hand and another slung over his shoulder.
he spots a police car and an unmarked one as well.
malcolm stops walking.
the alfa gunman is leaning out of the car's passenger window.
camera tracks in to the station wagon, right up to the state emblem emblazoned on the side.
the mannequin jiggles the bag seductively.
he opens the safe and wards of notes spil out onto the floor.
they stand hand in hand, facing each other, just inches apart.
as he runs, he notices that the town is back in its original appearance.
wade sits behind his desk; another man rises as jerry enters.
rebecca notices the man's name tag.
he indicates the cigar he himself is smoking.
he removes the trigger handle and pulls out a coil.
ashley sits texting on her cell phone.
her eyes are puffy, her face is covered with perspiration.
her neck inflates.
the squeaking has obviously come from the chamois.
bilbo hangs up gandalf's hat on a peg and trots off down the hall.
a depressed fats watches him shoot.
he lifts mj up, and her slippers tumble down below.
he gives her the glass.
the corsac comes round and leaps to his feet.
they exit with tommy hanging onto george's coat-tails, and pulling at him.
bo sits in the adjoining lounge, watching cartoons.
willie wears a forbearing smile.
elliot puts his arm around lee.
strider, merry, pippin, and frodo march through a gloomy, overgrown forest.
jacob is black.
everyone turns and stares as carney swigs from a wine bottle.
gordon looks around from the pilot seat.
the sphere suddenly expands into a fiery ball resembling the sun.
professor dumbledore appears by the window.
sarah's sitting in the bath.
they exchange a smile.
he tries to struggle up but cannot rise.
the track team jogs in formation, leaving tracks in the snow.
he looks defiantly around.
a faint light illuminates the screen.
jack and rose run to the bottom of the staircase.
dante gulps his breakfast.
they walk into their office reception.
howard and sandra exchange looks.
they curtsey and bow, circle each other.
they find him gazing sadly out of the window at buckbeak, who is chained to a post in the pumpkin patch.
he bursts into tears all over again.
they hide at each of the cubicles.
hermione moves slowly towards the dark-haired man in overalls lying on the floor.
behind them, winstead resumes tracking the pair.
the two men fall to their knees, firing at each other.
at that wedding, jane is on a horse that ends up facing the wrong way for the photo.
joe rides up a hill -- boom up -- reveal the town cemetery.
later, rose is wrapped in a blanket as men handcuffed jack.
the trail stops dead.
louise comes over and takes the phone out of his hand.
ginny has a pygmy puff.
harry is thrown backwards.
the moment the words leave her mouth, the grief hits her again.
malfoy and his cronies look sick, while hagrid smiles delightedly.
a view from behind shows his lone form filing down the the long hospital hallway.
still hanging from the ceiling, neville looks down at them mournfully.
the doctor, who is testing gandhi's pulse yet again, glances at him -- no encouragement -- and moves away.
as he sees ilsa he stops short.
salieri turns away so as not to be noticed by the servant.
she crosses to zoe's room and hesitates for a moment, before knocking on the door.
cavalieri, in a mythological persian costume, is bowing to the rapturous throng; below her is salieri.
one or two cars dot the parking lot along with an idling police cruiser.
the crops go on well beyond our view.
he dashes to the tap.
venom lassos his wrists with two black threads and holds him to his knees.
nat does break down and pours a drink.
there is a scratch on his grubby face.
they sit in the deserted amphitheater.
barty crouch is waiting for harry.
harry casts a spell.
he lays the gun down, tenderly picks up the baby and holds him to his chest.
satisfied, the customer beams, nods his thanks to szpilman, who resumes his piano playing.
she hears singing coming from another room and walks over to a closed door.
as fantine watches valjean on his mission of mercy, a well- dressed young man, bamatabois, comes up to her.
dyer faces him stonily, a seed of panic taking root deep in his gut.
she can only get it three-fourths open.
wearing a large, ill-fitting fedora, benjamin struggles to keep up with him on crutches.
the camera moves back, revealing a technician at the console on the other side of the booth.
he bows once more and leaves.
she walks around jane, who's busy sniffing blooms to put in her truck.
they both watch elijah from across the room.
percy and kyle haul howard to the suv, his toes dragging on the ground.
he covers his eyes and walks hurriedly past the giggling lydia.
he glances sheepishly at vanessa upon hearing the penny saver mention, then extends his hand to mac and juno.
the city sprawls with high rise apartments and green parks, juxtaposed with huge slums and shanty towns.
nehru drives, four friends as young as he with him, all dressed in the same expensive, british manner.
salim shakes his head as he watches his brother go.
john squats down, looking at marley's body wrapped in his favorite blanket.
peter runs towards it, past the skylight jutting up, his face set in grim determination.
man on the porch of house, listening to george and mary.
eddie finishes his drink, rises, crosses to the bar, pays the bill, and returns to the booth.
tommy tammisimo is a tough-looking, eight-year-old italian kid who waits at the bottom of cole's brownstone stairs in his school uniform.
lizzie walks over to a table in the corner of the room and takes a seat.
zuzu (aged six) is sitting up in her bed, the lamp burning beside her.
tiny professor flitwick is passed over the heads of the dancers.
szpilman falls in with them and they pass through the gates.
she gets on her bike and rides off, leaving bleeker clutching his sandwich.
he maneuvers it into position and crouches down to plug it in.
she walks in slow motion.
eddie goes over to the water cooler for a drink while fats doles out his losings on the table.
nullah frantically climbs to the water tank as sing song grabs the dropped bags.
she frowns at david.
the gent makes his way, with gout-ridden slowness, across the pavement, through the passersby, toward the car.
she leans toward him.
the kid is pretty good, making a convincing bird, a passable monkey, and finally a dog.
lee passes a restaurant well lit inside by hanging lamps.
the stands are crowded with flag-waving supporters.
then he brings his pointer fingers together, mimicing holden's 'shared moment' gesture.
she looks lovingly at ron, whose expression glazes over.
the door opens and a woman appears.
purvis nods to doris.
he raises his eyebrows, then looks serious.
the minivan is engulfed in flames.
sitting at the front are lestrade, carruthers, mycroft, mary, and mrs. hudson.
gandalf, on shadowfax, leads several hundred gondorian foot soldiers down through the streets.
harry starts to step back, when.
she snatches it.
peter and rooney catch him.
peter wakes from his fitful sleep and picks himself up off the floor.
as the group walks through a large doorway, larry catches up to mickey.
the count has a heavy sword and he holds it in his hand.
bond's eyes bore into him.
hagrid stands swinging a lantern on the hogwarts platform as the express pulls up.
malcolm looks to cole and then turns back to the ceiling.
his voice trails off as he notices something.
jack kisses the tickets and hugs fabrizio as olaf throttles sven.
behind him, shelob lurches into a horrible scuttle down the sheer rock face.
he holds it down for their view.
they reach the hall at the bottom of the stairs.
umbridge has been appointed hogwarts' high inquisitor.
the rose bush is pruned with a pair of clippers.
gittes gets out of the car and goes up the walkway.
jack and rose reach the bottom of the third-class stairs.
the kid walks by her carrying a bucket.
he glances up, sees them on the balcony.
harry lifts her awkwardly into the air and swings her around.
danny's place is palatial.
we see norman coming down the path, carrying a napkin-covered tray.
indy raises the brass stand and timing his actions, hits the tile precisely as the librarian stamps a book.
the same stars we saw in the opening sequence are once more twinkling as we hear the voices form heaven.
e is alone in the room.
the four of them sit glumly at the end of the room.
bert displays a neatly folded wad of money in his hand.
the pole slides away, and david hangs on grimly for a moment before hauling himself out of the water and crawling painfully slowly away from it.
whip inhales the oxygen.
a flare shoots up from the bridge deck and explodes.
behind the now not-so-happy couple, casey gets to her feet.
a small group of gypsy musicians is playing in the background.
consternation grows on the faces of the conspirators.
darryl gives hal and max a look as if he's got it completely under control.
his face stiffens, he swallows, fighting any show of emotion; then he turns to go.
the car swerves and lurches and the dude, cursing, takes the wheel.
jenny gives forrest the peace sign as the bus pulls away.
though she is aware of him -- resentfully so -- hard not to be since he is giving a moment to moment commentary on her every action.
he looks up toward the ceiling and winks.
the movie goes back to the impatient elliot; he's looking around him.
david rushes her to a padded doorway in the playing field wall.
forrest runs, the elderly woman shouts from the bus stop bench.
he enters the kitchen, drops wearily into a chair.
vehicles swerve and collide!
the plump thief strolls into view in a loud pink print shirt and poofy hair.
a small party of orcs and uruk-hai heading down the stairs from the watch tower.shagrat leads the uruk- hai, and gorbag leads the orcs.
it is worn, and looks as if it belongs more to a fighter than a nurse.
holden remains in the booth, thinking.
harry swerves back to follow it.
the inspector moves to the other side of the room, as srinivas switches on the battery.
as chili starts for the elevator.
although it is not complete, it is farther along then before, and he plays his theme a number of different ways, trying to move it note by note to its completion.
just as mary jane is about to sing, he comes in on piano.
bellatrix waves her wand, and a glowing cord binds the wrists together.
irene stops sipping her tea and looks anxiously around as the place empties.
he then takes out a copy of the new testament, putting it on top of the crucifix.
sarah looks about.
cherie enters the room behind tony.
nema drives the truck through his village which sits beneath the mountains.
murdoch gazes downward and steps back toward the edge of the ship.
melvin watches her approach.
harry looks at the empty chair beside him.
silence, each locked in their own thoughts.
she lifts the hot dog to her lips.
track with ben as he runs up the street and up the driveway toward the robinson house.
cedric takes his turn.
danny looks worried.
she turns away as gracefully as one can with a towel for a wrapper.
the steward draws a knife and lunges at watson.
she begins to cry and lays the gun gently on his chest.
harry reads from a list.
he walks to the door, then stops and turns around.
beside him is franknum, the cockney foreman.
a nurse reaches toward lt. dan.
in that moment of physical contact he knows he could never be associated with this man.
merrill sits up in his chair.
graham turns to face ray's clapboard home.
ben the boy watches spellbound, the palms of his hands pressed against the tank.
a new set of feet come into frame.
he stares at her for the longest time.
forrest watches jenny in the pickup as it drives away.
as reggie looks at the hanging beef.
valjean is moving through the cafe when he hears marius through a window.
as he goes to knock, the clean-cut donaldson steps out.
john watches marley and jenny sits sadly, staring into space.
veronica arrives in the elevator and chloroforms ashton.
he unwraps the golden ball.
the horses cannot bring themselves to gallop over the human carpet; they rear, plunge, swerve.
spotting dudley scuffing harry's cake, he points his umbrella and gives him a curly pig's tail.
the staff on one of the upper floors gather at the windows, and look out in alarm, as the menacing clouds drift ever closer.
she goes back dumbly to the spilled liquor, makes a futile effort to clean it up, and the collapses onto the rug sobbing hard enough to shake her whole body.
he shows a card.
it hits the glass.
sarah pulls back the curtain and looks out at the cops.
they take it in turn to hug him.
he turns to the cashier.
fergus pants behind him, wheezing, almost laughing.
across the lake, the dementors retreat.
he dangles his feet in the clear, blue water.
he touches harry's forehead with his snake-topped cane.
she blinks.
the boy looks imploringly at his parents.
gandhi is listening, but still withdrawn into himself.
shelob's legs catch him as he falls.
she turns and walks off.
he stamps on the helpless harry.
he looks at the silver locket he holds in his hand, with its tiny photograph of his daughter, and turns back to peter.
tuvia hugs asael.
rose closes her eyes.
forrest holds out the box of chocolates.
mourners file into a packed church.
sam starts into the office.
malbin, hammering a nail, drops the log he's holding narrowly missing zus.
he digs his fork into the pile and starts to shove it in his mouth.
it passes the hoops of the quidditch goal posts.
he hears the phone ringing, and staff arguing in the next room.
she stops at the reception desk and speaks to a nurse, who points to a room opposite.
graham and merrill sit down at the same time on the sofa.
as she runs, jenny ties edward's laces together.
her chin resting on one blue cashmere-gloved hand, she answers her mobile.
polishing off her glass, celia waves at hilly.
he kneels down and gestures for the bundle of sweatshirts in her arms.
harry leaves the house dragging his trunk on a small set of wheels.
as she approaches the site a chorus of whistles breaks out.
gideon empties the contents of the bag on the table, then starts examining the various items.
all three hear footsteps and turn to see renault walking towards them from the bottom of the stairs.
he pulls out a wad of cash.
now lizzie is walking down a staircase.
pirates in vests and bandannas cast ropes with grappling hooks tied to the ends over to rambo's boat.
he raises his gun and fires.
they pass the girl with red hair who gives wickham a shy smile.
distraught, kate looks up as paula enters.
the house is a bit more cluttered and messier than when we last saw it in knocked up.
kevin then helps her down.
gandhi moves forward and he holds up his hand for silence.
cars loaded with party goers roll up.
they leave the school, walk through the cloister and into the grounds.
gladys lies dead in a smoldering, bloody heap at his feet.
al-saleem waves his hand and narrows his eyes.
he pays english dave and walks out of the shot.
caroline smiles warmly and nods back.
he is hunched over a desk.
she moves off through the guests, searching for kevin.
the doctor must have been in another building, because over his shoulders is flung a dark blue overcoat.
a wire bird-cage hangs close to the shade, silhouetted.
diana slowly turns around and approaches the stylists with her lips pressed together.
hermione turns to face harry.
indy steps to the wall and runs his hand over the stone.
she returns to her reading.
looking down at his son, norman, shakes his head.
disappointed, she knocks.
as he backs away, a bullet rips through his neck and shatters the glass.
she becomes a little embarrassed.
minnie puts down the paper and sidles to the window, looking out over the terrace and the outdoor toilet beyond it.
he heads for the door.
instantly riveted by the sight of such delights, salieri follows him out of the grand salon.
the game is in mid-progress.
howard screams as his body is torturously stretched.
indy and brody disembark from the water bus onto the boat landing as other gondoliers steer their boats in the water.
he holds it to peter's forehead.
he flings both arms back, then thrusts them forward as he leaps off the roof.
we see the throng, following the weapon-carrier bier of gandhi as it slowly inches its way along the kings way.
he turns and stokes away.
he marches off while she lies on the ground with blood spurting out of her.
marley bounds up the steps to the large stone-built house and headbutts a stone bird table.
merrill sits back down in front of the tv and watches mouth gaping as the picture freezes on the creature.
evan can't take his eyes off her.
robbie and jameson looked at him dumbfounded.
evelyn is still a little heated.
his wand drops into his hand.
the master-at-arms studies jack's drawings.
joe moves to the locked bulletproof glass door -- tries the handle -- but it's never gonna open.
in his cross-hairs is the commander's truck with its machine gun operator.
gatsby looks round again and sees herzog lurking in the shadows.
he falls to one side.
malcolm's hand with the tape recorder drops to his side.
marius continues on down the street and when he looks back, at that precise moment cosette looks at him again.
zus helps her up.
she pulls the counterpane over celia who is laying down in her bed.
strasser looks at him.
putting the glass down, she squints to see if she has disturbed the lipstick.
enrique spots veronica striding through the crowd.
harry walks towards the massive carved head of a bearded man illuminated with a green light.
he reaches out to grasp it.
the uruk forces are running through the trees with deadly purpose.
the agents peer closely at it.
bo catlett sits in the back, wedged in between the two bodyguards, neither of whom has removed his shades.
in the school grounds, a neat woman with spiky silver hair strides across the lawn.
leaning against the back of the couch, he stares out through floor-to-ceiling windows, surveying the manhattan skyline: cogitates.
she comes down the stairs.
cosette follows.
the lane is straddled by a line of chorines in spangly mini- skirts, their arms akimbo, busby-berkley style, their legs turning the lane into a tunnel leading to the pins at the end.
he puts on his straw boater and opens the door.
the rippling waters of hogwarts lake are surrounded by dark mountains.
there is also a red cross sign.
the carney house is ablaze, with firefighters vainly trying to tackle it.
hi flat on his back, woozily shaking his head.
they hit their target, and the enormous sand creature staggers back, crumbling and disintegrating.
verdell walks out on the terrace and looks off.
the french windows are ajar.
he grabs one.
he lunges at harry.
salim back pedals out of the station.
harry isn't far behind.
in an interrogation room, a corpulent policeman blows cigarette smoke across the table, into the face of a terrified, sweating, young, male prisoner.
he walks back to the diner, his face in his hands.
debbie gives them a look.
spying lizzie, he brings his horse to a halt, never once taking his eyes off her.
she takes off her jacket.
the airport is shrouded in a snow storm.
distant; medium; the near; roosters crow o.s.
mj and peter walk down the street side-by-side.
the owner comes up, looking at his tree.
a guy in a leather jacket walks to the bar.
thelma is inching away as well.
george and uncle billy stare, astounded.
she tries door, finds it open, goes into office.
bob shoots at gabriel as jeep gives the baby to charlie.
abby picks up the black, lacy vibrating briefs and puts them on.
the interrogator pushes on the man's wound.
the balrog, a massive creature rises from a chasm, a great 40 foot man-beast, with a mane of flames!.
they struggle across the bridge.
he puts the handkerchief back in his pocket, lifts the glass and drains it in one gulp.
it's dark by the time juno arrives home, sipping from a drinks carton.
as they speed out of the parking lot back to the road, we hear music blaring from the nightclub.
the abandoned trailer is perfectly quiet.
kate walks to the end of zoe's bed and places her bag down on the over-bed table.
a woman smokes at the table.
he exits the store.
50 miles away -- across the barren gorgoroth plateau -- the mountain is erupting streams of ash and lava high into the air, lighting the low cloud blanket of mordor with a flickering orange wash.
she shows him rita's book.
charlotte turns off the tv.
alice finds something on the passenger seat and holds it out.
as the siren is growing louder.
king george is flung into cell, as nullah is dragged away.
she grasps ben's hand and shakes it.
he goes back to gazing at juno's picture and brings his class pen from behind his head.
they start for the stove.
the curving edge of planet earth is illuminated dwarfing further planets in the distance.
at this point the pan has reached the counselor, an earnest, bearded young man who straddles a folding chair with his arms folded over its back.
the film is back on mickey's dark form in the audience.
charlotte, sadie and desi run off.
she looks very satisfied.
goes to the last clipping.
we push in on his burning eyes and.
he opens a box of chocolates and holds it out for the nurse.
anna stands with a young couple.
debbie scurries around him to prep the kids for school.
mac notices a brand new pilates machine sitting in its packaging in a corner of the room.
lucius holds out his hand.
a path leads from the side of the circle, splitting into two prongs.
they hurry over to a police officer.
he turns from the sea to walker, his eyes confident, elated, then he continues on down the promontory.
what looks like a shark approaches at high speed.
lt. dan is sitting in the rigging.
there are various different tables in the foyer, all with flowers on them.
heavy snow falls over the tugboat.
he opens the door of the cage.
elijah's head nods the slightest bit up and down.
pedestrians run for cover as he rides along.
snape falls against a glass paneled wall.
george comes up, sees the man flailing about in the water, and camera pans with him as he swims toward the man.
the attendant holds a short leopard coat and a lady's small umbrella.
the door of the packard coupe slams shut.
as the music slows a little, we see a masquerade ball in progress.
as it is written across the collar of the cat.
in the dark and deserted kitchen, kate and nick share a plate of food and drink red wine across the serving counter.
he can see nowhere to cross.
the truck slowly sinks as the air escapes from the tires.
sarah spots the danger and, at the pub, drover sees fletcher.
he looks round for her.
he sees static on the television screen.
holly closes the script and looks up at mickey.
as they go toward kitchen, camera pans with them.
arnie reads john's copy and shakes his head.
he drops the phone on his stomach.
her mother, charlotte, with a cigarette in one hand, scoots off to the bathroom, pulling off the wig, next to several wigs on stands.
henry pulls him up to safety.
then pulls again, his face getting red.
angle on: the 6000 rohirrim move off, a great wall of horses and spear points, building up to a gallop like a rising tide, as they charge towards the 50,000 orcs!
the servant puts his tray down on one of the tables and withdraws from the room.
in the flashback, gatsby follows daisy to an upstairs room.
gabriel punches michael to the floor.
his back is to the opened window.
harry regards him thoughtfully.
duke pulls her.
they continue to stare.
his cloth gets caught on the sword and he drops the broomstick.
holmes' knight takes one of moriarty's pawns.
the sergeant looks out at the water tower.
the older girl tickles her.
jason, thirty and haggard looking, enters the room.
sydney bites his bottom lip.
including carson who, seeing reggie running to the door, turns and fires at her.
drover drives the car in the sunshine, with sarah and nullah asleep next to him.
looking dazed and bewildered, indy staggers up behind them.
a hand shoots up.
specifically, it is the hole in the muddy patch of earth that gale and evelle climbed out of.
a spilled box of popcorn hangs in mid-air, each kernel like a snowflake.
a transparent, bubble of air over his mouth and nose, he frees cho with his wand.
light appears at the tip of their three wands.
cole moves closer to lynn.
he looks away from miss torso, thoughtfully.
pete sees the dealer license plate.
the dude looks over at the pool.
vanessa and gerta have no response.
harry stares after it.
she breathes rapidly.
behind him, half a dozen armed warriors, also mounted.
everyone looks expectant.
will smiles, excited to hear the forbidden story.
she hurriedly jumps into the cab, then notices it's the same driver as the night of the two weddings.
only to retreat as colossal spiders appear scrambling over the rubble.
lord chelmsford turns expectantly.
later, the girls are out walking.
he reaches inside his jacket.
they fall down on the bed, kissing.
he looks defiantly at orsini-rosenberg.
rough rider, halfbreed, and roscoe are quick to appear and run after him.
he smiles and goes.
the three are confronted by piles of rubble.
szpilman bolts into the doorway of a ruined building.
he hurries forward.
sadie walks off.
arwen leans towards strider, gently kissing him.
the dude gives walter a furious shove.
he faces forward with a stern gaze.
it shows 127 voice messages.
and puts on his large napoleonic-style hat.
gatsby walks between stone pillars off into the dark grounds.
he slips through backwards looking delighted.
during this, inigo has gone close to fezzik, who is very distressed at the insults he's just received.
they fall silent.
ruby gestures rachel's nearness.
it's thelma and she puts the gun to his head.
now they focus on the door chain.
sam now realizes rick is in a very grim mood.
he holds a raw steak to his eye.
the metal gate opens.
sitting, shoulders hunched on the store counter, jane stares dejectedly at the floor.
in the center is their leader.the witch king.
images from a moving car.
the creature starts to move.
denethor lurches off the pyre!
lindsey still sits in front of the tv.
grief-stricken, the staff and students stand in solemn silence.
there is a drink in her hand, and a suitcase beside her on the bed.
parrish is horribly uncomfortable as the young man looks at each person as if he were discovering a face for the first time.
sydney's eyes dart left and right as he retreats from the room.
ron takes hermione's arm, discouraging her from going further, but she does, filling the footprints with her own, then kneeling and -- very gently -- drawing the cloak from harry.
as they leave, gail calls out after them.
alice's eyes fill with un-shed tears.
as they drink another shot, diana slaps the table.
she looks up and sees george standing there.
a pair of large military-style trucks are driven in tandem along a dirt road.
marcus, back in elf guise, is trying to calm the kids.
he rests his rifle on the timbers of the watch tower.
he drives off into the wilshire traffic, leaving evelyn looking after him.
we can still hear carolyn's muffled screaming.
frodo slowly lifts his head and looks up.
they enter a records archive.
david heaves a sigh.
even hermione's having problems.
she jumps up and down, grinning.
a waitress is there, delivering more food.
harry accidentally cuts through the table, tethering the sky stick, sending it spinning out of control.
mr. baker smothers a smile.
he adjusts his specs.
he lands on his face in water.
they all look up.
across the water, swathed in mist the green light gently pulses.
as lee pulls away, she smashes into the turntable.
aunt may puts the ring on the table and peter half turns towards her.
nice guy eddie is behind the wheel.
they stare in horror at the gaping drop ahead of them.
peter runs towards a blazing apartment building.
his eyes begin to water.
the hot dog buyer turns to face her.
cal turned and then runs to the crowd.
majorek takes the paper but says nothing.
then suddenly at: cu, mozart standing in a box and clapping wildly.
thelma is holding the gun on the patrolman.
brian puts his hands in his pockets as he strolls up the drive.
uncle billy follows him around, chattering.
aunt may bends down, picks up a brown paper carrier bag and wipes a tear from her eye.
as sandra climbs down off the chair, kyle runs in and grabs her around the waist.
she nudges him.
his lips give a brief, irritated sneer.
he looks down from the window at barnes and taylor.
spider-man in his skintight red and blue webbed suit swings lively from thread to thread like a trapeze artist.
finding a dark green door framed in green marble, he desperately yanks it open.
he throws the man with the club and snatches the gun from the leader's hand.
david bursts out a door with a brief stumble and dashes down a rainy alleyway.
he reaches the top and looks around.
mr. weasley goes.
once willie and the last of the shoppers have gone, the security guard checks his watch and taps a code into the alarm system.
morgan holds the knees of his father's jeans tightly as he struggles with his breathing.
the motorbike skids to a stop.
she printed an angelic woman with butterfly wings.
a ceiling fan turns beneath the slipping raft over their bed.
moody aims his wand at a young man hurrying from his seat.
jenny watches the glamorous couple.
ripper licks her plate.
in a ballroom, elegant couples in evening wear or military dress uniform dance across the floor.
by this time a small crowd has collected to watch the above scene.
as she opens the door, she's greeted by a thunderous roar and a rush of wind.
they walk up the steps onto the porch and daisy crosses his path.
the half-filled trash can swallows the ring of keys.
she glugs down the rest and puffs on a cigarette, throwing the empty bottle into the backseat.
marge looks at it, looks around, for some reason, at the ceiling.
incredulous, kate lies back on the couch.
carl and peter walk some way behind her.
he slaps his lighter shut and addresses gandhi in hushed but fiercely felt words.
she looks at alex.
in the open door stands keyes.
for the first time we see something of her activities inside the apartment.
harry wields his wand.
graham's eyes fill with tears as he reaches out to take her hand in his.
he has the large man by both lapels of the raincoat in a last-ditch effort to hold him.
sarah finds michael crouching over a wounded man.
dillinger gazes at her with a knitted brow and clenched jaw.
he glances back with a smile.
she passes several other guests, then turns to greet april, giving her a warm, brief hug.
flint is zipping up a bag of cash as spider-man drops through the hole in the roof of the van behind him.
meanwhile, winstead rounds past a tree.
the last of them are michael and sarah.
storm clouds darken the skies.
neff hangs up and stands beside the desk with a grim expression on his face, takes a handkerchief out and wipes perspiration from his forehead and the palms of his hands.
he grips the flash holder a little more tightly, lifts it just the fraction of an inch as if he is prepared to use it.
he now looks around.
eases the floor throttle forward.
gimli looks nervously around.
protesters run through the streets.
at the camp, shimon is giving a chess lesson.
gandhi bows to the others and is led off to an indian bishop in full clerical robes.
lurtz is quickly armored.breastplate.leg guards, helmet.a sword is thrust in lurtz's hand.
the smile fades from her face as her head drops.
as carson enters the auditorium and looks around.
we pan john to the window.
eddie exits.
a little girl toddles up to greet him.
and he brushes it away.
she kicks out the glass.
as evening falls, the hogwarts express speeds along the coast, a plume of white smoke streaming from the funnel.
asael covers up the potato stash with some sacking,
bo watches as chili picks up a copy of the script, begins flipping through it.
lindsey races across the room and picks it up.
he grabs her head and glowers, inches from her face.
heidi, beautiful, wears ripped jeans, no make up.
lenny is sawing a shotgun out of his back holster and leveling it at the oncoming car.
abby wakes up from her naked weather-girl nightmare.
she notices her hand is shaking.
at this moment he collapses.
jack switches the lights back on.
gondorian soldiers send a rain of arrows at the approaching towers and trolls.
he gets up and starts towards ruby, who catches his eye.
as she splays her legs to drive her huge bulk down on him, sam lifts the elven blade above his head, holding it with two hands.
slowing down in the flooding highway.
howard falls to the floor.
people jump into the round pool for a dip.
lying on the floor of her room.
gabriel moves gracefully through the destroyed diner, toward the source of the clicking.
graham opens his moistened eyes.
brett still can't speak.
he gazes, mesmerized.
ben turns and looks.
until the knight, exhausted, drops the sword and collapses.
she grabs him and hugs him tight, teary and grateful -- during which -- quietly.
valjean comes out of the modest lodging house and gets in.
behind a soldier as he runs through the dark building -- oh shit -- he comes to a stop, back against the wall -- but push in on his face: it's jack, in an air force uniform.
crew members lift the lifeboat onto long oars set up like a ramp.
the light of kerosene lanterns dances on the tunnel walls ahead.
thelma howls like a dog and drinks a little bottle of wild turkey.
peter strolls in, and sits opposite her.
her eyes are heavy with worry and deep thought.
a man blinks up at him.
in the distance, he sees a shack, so old it's nearly fallen.
she's still probably beautiful, but you have to look awfully hard to see it.
he grabs onto the side of the lifeboat and dangles high above.
the car is approaching the townlet, its siren wailing.
he hobbles painfully towards a chair and sits down.
the air has turned so cold that they can see their breath.
professor trelawney gets up and bumps into a suitcase.
george is thunderstruck.
as the class stares mutely at a slide of an attacking werewolf, hermione waiting desperately for someone to respond to snape's question, the moth flutters by harry.
a building fronted by magnificent pillared portico.
looking desperate he turns and faces them.
she notices dillinger as a male guest holds out his coat to her.
a somber room which serves both as a bedroom and a study.
wilson sits before a tv camera in the office.
they both struggle.
emily is calling andy, when she walks in.
harry reads the headline.
salieri is dozing on the nearby child's bed.
emily pinches the bridge of her nose.
hagrid guides the horses into land.
writing appears on the golden surface.
gandalf drops to his knee to embrace his old friend.
john sits on floor, asleep, his head leaning against her.
mark, with his chin brushing against her hair, seems unsettled.
she looks around and sees him.
mickey sighs and flops down on an adjoining couch.
a van rolls up.
lewis turns his back on rambo.
inigo, and almost too fast for the eye to follow, the sword strikes one final time and.
he starts towards the house.
all during this, she has been staring out at thorwald's apartment.
behind them is a huge wall of dust created by all the police cars following them.
thelma stops and looks at her.
nelec hands the rifle to an apprehensive looking overmyer.
as mussel flashes light up the night, indoors and out, winstead carefully lines up a rifle shot from the base of a tree.
in madison square park, dead leaves litter the ground.
he smiles blankly at her.
he laughs and nehru struggles to join in the joke.
she lays it face down and turns back to robbie.
the shape's hand reaches for the lock.
he approaches and gives slughorn a fright.
ben goes to his car.
the soldiers break through at last to the upper room, to find there's only enjolras still alive.
alive is still looking back at the car -- so she doesn't see the shape that is coming behind her -- and just as she decides: i'm not going back, she turns to begin riding on.
pete swishes his coffee as he stares into the blaze.
thousands of flaming torches light the snarling, slathering morgul orcs.
the centaur falls.
at the door stands mrs. foley, a middle-aged charwoman with a large utility bag over her arm.
she disintegrates.
the box contains a diamond ring.
the woman with neatly combed long dark hair opens the door with a bright smile.
harry makes a last desperate effort.
the helicopter rises off the road as a crowd mills around the upturned ambulance at the underpass.
swinging the chain - whoosh whoosh - at the backpedaling hi.
sparks fly, stunning the grindylows and sending them flying in all directions.
rick appears ready to take them from ugarte.
alice follows, turns to joe.
graham walks across the bedroom and sits beside bo on her bed.
she sits back down in front of the mirror.
mr. bennett gently pulls lizzie onto a seat beside him.
she bends down, lifts the welcome mat and places the key under it.
he puts his glasses on and faces the convention.
the army sergeant sounds the horn of his truck and smiles.
ed walks back and forth, gently bouncing the baby as she walks.
he collapses backwards onto the ground.
as they get into the car, we see the car that sits by the two trucks that have brought the youths.
elizabeth takes another spoonful of caviar.
bond is above green on the flat glass roof.
sandy and diana bolt as the woman bursts in with her male partner wielding a short gun.
tracy thinks.
then they see the dog is laying on it side and has a barbecue .
it pans to the room.
too damn big -- mostly out of frame, its shape and flesh too bizarre -- we only see the legs as it clears frame.
absentmindedly, he opens the envelope and glances down at the photo.
lightening flashes behind the clouds.
the black woman gets up and steps over to the bus.
lightening flashes in the distance.
latika appears and gently pushes salim's gun down.
with a stricken gaze, the officer slips the page back into the envelope.
he picks up a can and drinks from it.
ba puts her hands on her shoulders and clasps her to her, and the woman breaks, and sobs and sobs.
later they are lying in bed together.
he runs to help.
he is in his long winter underwear.
he drops it and hurriedly makes to leave the chamber.
she flings things down: men's clothes, leather trousers, a suitcase, a teddy bear.
he continues to stare ahead.
he eyes the strange tatoos running down michael's arms, the two jagged wounds visible above his shirt line.
they sit on a bench by tall stone columns.
harry remembers falling and waking up in the hospital.
professor mcgonagall seems uncertain.
he throws uncle billy down into his chair, and still shouts at him.
mr. braddock moves to the screen door and pushes it open.
dillinger reaches into his pocket.
the rest of the befuddled inmates stand at their benches.
lurtz is leading 200 uruk-hai out of isengard.they run fast, their powerful legs carrying them at speed.
where it lands next to a framed photograph of lester, carolyn, and a much-younger jane, taken several years earlier at an amusement park.
darcy gets up.
in the great hall, luna and the other students tuck into a luscious assortment of puddings.
a pedestrian pokes his head inside.
as the elevator rises reggie gets out, followed by the driver.
he reads to himself, then relaxes his head.
bert is already in the front room.
he pulls up in the forecourt and sees charlie standing by a phone box, smoking a cigarette.
bond drops down vertical fuselage to camille.
the villagers look up as controlled explosions detonate high in the mountains.
horrified, harry follows it into the sitting room.
he crumples up the newspaper and throws it into the fireplace.
a truck drives past camera, taking us to jack and nelec, who walk together amid the debris.
leah throws her head back and laughs.
george and sam wiggle their fingers at their ears, saluting each other.
the dude looks sadly through his window at the policeman rocking back on his heels, his raucous laughter muffled by the glass.
a salesman rises in the foreground, his back to the camera.
the figure in the army jacket seems to move farther away with every step.
he pinches the bridge of his nose.
he does his best to smile.
his arms and legs flailing, he soars through the air.
jeff lowers the long-focus lens, and turns his head to the right as he hears the first notes of the songwriter's melody which we have heard him trying to complete.
he examines where the flames burst over her.
they stop when they reach a gap.
harry hauls himself up to get a better view.
peter kicks harry through a glass partition.
more armed agents exit a building directly in front of him.
norma stands up; hannah takes her coffee cup and sets it on the counter.
the clatter of sewing machines.
he points at latika.
suddenly the lights of the bakery turn on as it opens for business.
thao looks next door.
with the slight length, the inmate brings the box passed another guard to a work bench.
he turns and sees diana through the walls of an all-glass office.
he climbs up onto the parapet, reaching his arms up to the night sky.
a soldier knocks ferris out with an injection and the chopper takes off.
aragorn releases the king of the dead.
she shakes her head, anger building.
it lands on a desk, then on a boy's head.
they run out of the dressing room, down the gloomy corridor, and up the tunnel into the daylight on the pitch.
norman turns his ear from the direction of the sounds, seems to be fighting an impulse to listen, or more than listen.
cigarette in his mouth, makes notes on a weathered clipboard.
strasser watches the plane in agony.
he grabs her chin.
the green goblin holds a pumpkin bomb which incinerates the board members.
rose nods as the bubbling water covers the tail rudder and surges up the whole deck
pete is there with a framed drawing made by john lennon.
he looks up and see voldemort hovering above him.
hi slips a ring off his own finger and slides it onto ed's.
walt steps out of his pickup.
the dude's hand comes out of the toilet bowl with his sunglasses.
she starts to rummage through her bag.
the man looks at the t-shirt.
a crowd of men and women are waiting around the grill.
the viceroy ponders it -- favorably.
his eyes rove in thought.
mavis crosses the well-lit foyer in the background and opens the door to more guests.
a girl grins at mike.
tommy moves to the fire, crockett squirming inside the bag and picks up the lighter fluid.
the three of them step towards it.
evan locates an entry and concentrates on the words just as the other supremacists force the door open -- evan focuses on the words.
it's a pair of remote-controlled, vibrating briefs.
the hand holding the bacon moves back to the plate.
it's obvious from juno's tears and flushed face that she's lying.
he sits with a blank expression.
everybody bursts into applause.
the man exits as randal enters.
as she sips her drink and look at him over the rim of the glass, he tosses his off with nervous dispatch.
his truck is followed by a pair of open-topped lorries packed with troopers.
over the shoulders of a technician in a booth, a large window displays a huge, white rotating machine.
footprints track through the snow, into the pub.
glasses, no make-up, lips compressed, elbows close to body.
the operator pushes a lever down as rose closes the door.
the altimeter slides quickly to the right as the plane rises.
marius walked out onto the street.
graham and his family look up and stare at.
fantine puts on a show of courage as she leads the captain into the ship's hulk, which is a brothel.
katie walks away with her friend.
this rouses her.
allison and her group stare incredulously as carl is enveloped in a cloud of burnt-rubber smoke.
the fog suddenly rolls back, forming a retreating wall of grey vapour.
he quickly brings his hand up and looks at the mirror.
aibileen is cooking breakfast.
she looks around in shock.
a packet of chopsticks have been sellotaped to her door.
now, a large water taxi crosses the river.
ben escorts emily, as a nurse pushes her out of the hospital in a wheelchair.
a nearer view show us a more intimate picture of the woman jeff is concentrating on.
jane crumples up the paper, throws it at kevin, and leaves.
he stands, picks up the gun, and runs after them.
he looks at the equipment and makes some notes on a pad.
we see the golden brown corn lining the back of the yard.
carol seated working on a letter.
in her room, with its walls covered in drawings, juno lies on her bed, her legs propped up on cushions, gazing at the ultrasound print.
like a woman possessed, rebecca clambers onto the slippery boardroom table on all fours, propelling herself at the phone.
kurt spies julia through binoculars.
sitting together on the grass.
outside is neff, wearing a sport coat, flannel slacks.
butch looks at the gimp.
he turns, and is instantly transfixed by: angela leans against the counter, twirling her hair.
she pauses at the end of the garden path.
a servant appears.
he can't reach with his bleeding hand, and falls back, still clinging valiantly to the rock with his good hand.
annie, the colored maid, enters, digging money out of a long black stocking.
as the students sing, eponine enters wanting to talk to marius.
allison holds up her camera to take a picture.
all the lights are out, save the blue glow of a television coming from one of the downstairs rooms.
we see the front row from his point of view.
there are papers and rolls of film inside.
by a lamp's modest light, a shaving kit lies open on a small, round table.
pappy whips him back down with his hat.
fabienne does climb on.
a prison guard in a dark blue overcoat squints at them as they pass.
he picks up the raincoat and the scarf.
ben moves to the front door and opens it.
she lands in front of another dog owner.
she has somehow arranged the living room set on the front lawn, and is seated in the armchair, chewing a pipe officiously.
some of the men grab and hold on to him.
a white woman in a torn white frilly dress -- tears soaking her face, hangs to the right.
she closes the cupboard that's full to bursting.
it's instant death if the man in black falls, but neither gives that possibility much credence.
and she nods.
he is frantically looking for clarence.
rebecca starts to laugh, swinging her skirt joyfully, then stops in her tracks.
hanging by one hand, bond tries to pull down the scaffolding beneath his adversary.
david turns on the bench.
he treads over the lawn the other way.
in her immaculate house, vanessa is sitting alone at the dining room table, sipping a glass of red wine.
fergus quickens his pace.
finally frodo's eyes fall upon a figure standing apart from the others.
norman rises and faces the other ten board members.
outside on the balcony, holmes advances a second black pawn on the game of chess.
mj and harry turned to go inside.
bellatrix lowers her head reverentially as he passes her, the elder wand clasped in his right hand.
he sniffs some wrapped sandwiches.
then, he frowns and feels his left shoulder with his right hand, checking his wound.
great trees block the sun.
what remains is cosette, her head cradled in the lap of the man who has just died.
glaring at her, walt spits.
jody sits as still as a grave, saying nothing.
as we continue booming up, we arrive at the top of the water tower, where the cube has affixed itself to the side -- unseen from the street.
she strips and dances.
as the two remaining choppers hover above, klaatu strides past the stunned jacob into a clearing.
he places the bowl down next to zoe and sniffs the basil.
they turn a corner and stop at a closed door.
sarah hands michael a roll of bandage.
several uruk-hai converge on gorbag -- he lashes out, slashing one across the throat with his sword!
everett picks up the tin.
tuvia shows the man a loose trigger on a rifle.
pete follows him out back.
gale and evelle are smiling down at him.
she removes the cuff.
abby wraps her arms around mike's neck, and they dance close.
gollum slaps his hand against sam's jacket.
his head shakes slightly, as he gazes sorrowfully into her blue eyes.
he puts a couple of pillows behind her back to make her more comfortable.
he glances aside.
they gaze tenderly at each other.
the film moves back to holly in the backseat, still lost in thought.
she brings both hands up to her face.
the model-type women put on expensive-looking designer underwear.
but a moment later, she's looking back in the window, to see -- colin step out of the shower.
he smiles back emptily, not knowing what to make of her.
enrique is allowed through.
ben hurries out of the workshop.
as she frantically grabs a robe and starts to run.
in front of them, two policemen stand on a car's running boards as it starts off.
the car continues down the road, stops, and then screeches off.
she spies a two-wheeled curricle approaching through the trees.
while the guard bids farewell to shoppers, marcus crawls through the vent.
dumbledore walks away from the sullen tom.
mathis looks up at his glamorous younger woman.
now, in an auto garage, a muscular tattooed mechanic works.
later, juno dials a number.
a man is trapped under a cart.
eddie leaves the car parked at the gas station and heads for the bar.
a fat security guard with a torch chases them.
he looks up and sees walter.
a crowd of office worker convenes and turns back.
neff grabs him and pushes him almost violently down the walk.
there is a candle burning in a holder, and other lamps also light the apartment.
aragorn and arwen walking through the crowd towards four small figures who stand nervously at the end of the.
a maid is cleaning in the den.
in hagrid's cottage, he hands ron a wooden bucket and sits down.
morgan's eyes are swollen.
two journalists crank movie cameras.
several books rest beside it.
nullah is with a group of half-caste children being shipped out.
she screws her eyes shut.
the man watson punched watches them as they eat a meal.
in front is a fountain.
as the man doubles over, the crime boss flips open the counter's pass-through and steps into billie's work area.
looking troubled, the queen descends the stairs.
mother opens the purse to reveal a crumpled note.
nicole and whip celebrating with other aa members.
they apparate on a beach.
henry presses against the wall, which rotates again.
his powerful muscles pull his shoulders whipping around.
freddy paces back and forth as he performs his story.
as she does so, she knocks over her bag, and the remote control falls out.
gebczynski and szpilman come up the stairs to the landing and to a door.
peter glares at the promoter and then storms out of the office, passing a tall, burly unshaven guy with bleached hair who barges in and throws a canvas bag at the promoter.
he holds a rear paw and rubs marley's shoulder, then leans forward and hugs his friend, burying his face in marley's neck.
the key is slowly turning in the lock.
a walther ppk sits comfortably in bond's black gloved hand.
the driver gets in the van and leaves.
his arms are tensed out at his sides like a waiting kick-off returner.
immediately colloredo, prince-archbishop of salzburg enters.
looking for a place to put it, he tucks it into a strange mechanical hand on the desk.
kevin arrives, stares at jane, then starts to sneak off.
she's not sure how to proceed.
she wipes mist off her bathroom mirror and brushes her teeth.
david turns and starts down the hall.
he drops the remote control and looks down at his bare hand.
violet takes her beauty shop seriously and she's an eyeful.
ed nestles her head against hi's shoulder.
he tries again and once more removes them.
staring at brock, lizzy smiles and shakes her he head.
night, they sit opposite each other in a diner.
as rachel leaves shot, the cashier shuts and locks the door.
walker studies him as this profound man reaches, in his middle years, a profound insight.
the sand cloud drifts off, snaking its way between the city buildings.
holmes, by contrast, looks really peaceful with his eyes closed.
lucius' face twitches as he reaches for his wand.
another jewish policeman shoves him.
he writes multiple iterations of elise's phone number on a napkin.
it is a figure of pan, with horns sticking up through his curly head, and the legs of a goat extending down below his waist.
ron takes a red envelope from errol's beak.
she flirtatiously leans on his chair in order to read over his shoulder.
the pincers near his face and move, as if talking.
and looks over at him.
she glances around quickly.
she turns towards the street, where the bag lady, standing with her trolley, twirls around in rebecca's favorite pattern jacket.
a bright light suddenly flares.frodo squeezes his eyes shut, gasping.
students duck.
seated in a restaurant.
he can't finish peeing, turns back to his bedroom.
they aim their weapons at enjolras and a fellow student, the only ones left standing.
he sprints off into flailing branches as hermione is whirled above his head.
he watches as nicole loads items in the back of a car.
daisy turns on a bathroom tap but no water comes out.
sitting at her desk, charlotte writes a note in red marker.
alyssa launches into a torchy tune.
szpilman glances across the square: janina is still at the stall.
men dashed along catwalks as turning gears pumped huge pistons up and down.
whip leans against the wall facing her.
he's focused completely on will's story.
as he does so, the kid comes in through the door.
grim-faced, harry turns and walks away.
the beggars are pushed back as the gates open and close for the police.
but indy looks out the window and is suddenly concerned.
susan climbs out of the pool, gets halfway up the ladder, points to a stack of towels.
rows of archers fire off a volley of arrows but the trolls continue to smash the foot soldiers with their giant clubs.
the two gaze at each other, their eyes filled with warmth and understanding.
she suddenly turns off the highway.
she frowns, then smiles.
ahead of him other passengers are looking too; some have jumped down.
annie stops serving to hear his answer.
out of hermione's shadow, which ripples against the curtain that encircles harry's bed.
preacher's eyes crinkle and he turns to pearl, smiling brightly.
arkady stares at tuvia's drawn pale face and the black rings under his eyes and he sheathes his knife.
the feather floats up into the air.
rick walks over to sam and whispers something to him.
purvis glares over his aimed pistol.
he holds her head, tenderly.
a steep flight of stairs leads to the subway floor.
a torrent of water sweeps flint away down the concrete's loose.
he looks up and sees the tarpaulin rippling.
dante standing on a ladder, replaces a fluorescent light.
the spectral lights in the distance seem to be growing larger -- closer.
a pack of dogs runs across the filling station forecourt.
cole turns on the light in the bathroom.
the tall white doors open, the tall civil servant indicates that gandhi enter.
five three-year-olds in their pajamas are opening presents around a tree as nathan and florence look on.
martin shoots cary again, but not before he's bitten into charles' shoulder.
the read out say it has found over 26,000 latikas as the name scroll across the screen.
he shoves the boy away.
javier dons a ski mask, then lurches through the doorway and stabs the agent in the back.
and he makes to go.
flint lands in a muddy puddle close to his money.
the backyard is large and green with a wooden jungle gym.
she passes a reception desk, then rounds a corner and disappears.
the kids and moms gasp as santa rallies and gets on his feet, only to fall over a life-size model donkey.
reese looks about.
mike presses abby against the edge of the open door.
they kiss as it starts to pour down.
michael holds charlie's hands
she steps forward, unwraps a fire hose, and uses it to break the glass on a case containing an axe.
close on the colonel's face: he looks confused.
lucius rips off his hood.
kyle removes his hat.
he puts on his suit jacket and glances over at cal,
we follow one, when buckbeak snags one.
several women passing by give him the eye.
he's wearing a paper hat.
harry loses consciousness.
ahead, he sees hagrid, his dog, and harry by the corpse of a colossal spider.
boulders hurtle from catapults across the fields towards minas tirith.
then tess, in a fight, grimacing at a baby and being afraid of george's dog.
he tries to pull harry away.
in the back of one, he notes some airmen operating some kind of radio listening device.
lights of bree.a small village of stone and half timbered houses nestled against a low wooded hill.
homer speaks up.
veronica and sam climb out of the ambulance.
joe stops stippling.
he falls a long way but regains control.
gail pats mickey's back; she gestures in exasperation.
don starts to rise.
he gently wipes her chin with the back of his hand.
she leans over and kisses him.
realizing his plight, edward tries to remain calm.
their lights illuminated a small expansive pale sand.
george feverishly continues to turn his pockets inside out.
english dave smiles to himself.
general smuts, whose presence is equal to his office, addresses someone out of shot as a male secretary removes the document.
people lie injured, as the death eaters emerge from the shop, one holding a man with a bag over his head.
he picks up his glasses and puts them on to read the paper.
peter screeches up to the theater in the convertible.
he sports a bruised, swollen eye.
hermione cries out.
he turns and smiles, then extends his hand.
lester looks away, scans the crowd, then downs the rest of his drink in one gulp.
richardson puts on his fedora, gives harry a pat on the arm, and walks off, leaving the younger officer alone at the window of the mid-century high-rise.
she takes it.
scobie sees where reggie is staring; looks down at it himself, then lunges at her, raising the hand to strike.
malcolm just gazes quietly.
the snake locks begin to move.
asael nods and exhales, shyly she takes his hand.
joe claps his hand over cary's mouth to stop him from screaming.
hooked.
rose pulls out a desk drawer.
a policeman bursts in and plants benzion with bullets.
he pulls back the elevator door and turns to neff with one last glance of annoyance.
she continues working on his back, cleaning it, then bandaging it while they talk.
a stunning young woman appears behind gittes in his doorway.
in one of the huts, layla, sits huddled at a table.
she pulls open the drawers -- nothing.
in times square, a billboard displays the letters ny followed by a heart and a picture of spider-man.
reggie stands out in the open, the stamps in her hand, confused as to which man she should go to).
he steps off the curb, crossing the street in front of butch's car.
granny lies back on the sofa, deathly still, with her mouth agape.
in an office, a handsome, well-groomed man checks his cell phone and answers.
hermione forces harry to his feet.
they arrive outside room 57, and he unlocks the door.
50 kids push their autograph books for hitler's signature.
the tritium glows brightly, illuminating the way for spider -man to creep across a beam.
the first guard and two others who escorted in the convicts scan the theater.
the soldiers are on their feet, whistling and hollering.
hermione disappears down the hole, then a figure approaches the tree, lupin.
david's brow furrows.
zus finishes up the germans in the car.
hermione strides up to harry and takes his hand.
pigs are tearing flesh from the crucified man's leg.
and peter looks confused and a little frightened.
inside the van, the ornate rosewood box is now battered and scarred, its various locks holding tight against edgar's repeated attempts to claw his way into it.
marwan sits alone in a restaurant.
he turns around with a thought.
she gives him a coy look.
snape stares, quirrell looks nervous.
the leader yields his place to the composer and mozart smoothly takes over conducting.
tumbling onto cold rock.
he begins to pace near the counter.
he has the blank expression of a bored obsessive.
lowering the binoculars, he sees that the ass belongs to a guy holding a yucca plant.
he is feeling down alongside his wheelchair for his binoculars.
bombs explode all around as the soldiers scramble to the ground.
we are pushing brandt down the high-ceilinged hallway.
at night, debbie faces a laptop as she and pete lounge in bed.
the man sets down his camcorder as the subs descend toward the wreck.
the feather from the beginning of the movie drops out of the book, unnoticed.
valjean turns and walks away.
michael wallops him back and twists his arm.
the flagpole is long and thick.
mission accomplished, the teddy bear rips off its head to reveal his true identity: santa's elf -- in civilian life known as marcus skidmore.
harry goes downstairs.
unable to disguise his shock at lupin's appearance.
they all sit at computers, wearing headsets.
the cherry picker has stopped working.
he pulls her jeans off and gently brushes his fingers over her legs, then moves up and caresses her face.
rick reaches over and takes the book from strasser's hand.
peter's eyes glaze over.
minnie stands with her arms folded, then slams down the lid.
everyone looks thoughtful.
jeep looks up at his father, his words hanging heavily.
none of the men notices salim as he steps onto the balcony and swaggers over.
it is a comment too grave for glibness, and gandhi is obviously struck by the pain of it.
colin takes a photograph.
sandy turns on the shower.
the jewish workers start to assemble on the site in haphazard ranks as an ss captain strides in.
zoe considers the words with downcast eyes, then replaces the doll's clothing.
the blinds are open at the military base.
standing in the raised platform-cubicle at the front of the store is the store manager, a fat man in a white short-sleeved shirt with a lit cigarette dangling from his mouth.
the other two grab his head in their pincers and start squeezing.
she calls next.
caroline picks up the diary and reads aloud by the window.
night falls upon the beautiful valley of rivendell, still and quiet.
gandalf breaks off, lost in reverie.
silent bob leaves.
angle on: rosie cotton who is serving behind the bar.
wearing a wry smile, sydney starts to dance.
as he goes to write on the first empty page, a drop of ink falls from the quill.
the queen studies her reflection with a fixed stare.
he wears brown trousers and a white shirt.
david stands frozen in the train station.
then, suddenly, a woman bars his way.
he is handsome, fiftyish, wearing cotton twill pants and a turnbull & asher shirt with a foulard knotted at the neck.
tom walks up and opens the front door.
holly calls after her, offscreen, as david walks past the hurrying april into the kitchen.
she opens the box, dumping out a pair of underwear and a remote control.
now, a plane sails across the sky.
it arrives at a small airstrip.
he goes back to his breakfast.
they move.
it lies on the marble floor at harry's feet.
the snake wraps itself around harry.
we track along the faces of the choir, singing to the strains of a harpsichord, and land on a quintet of toads (one of which -- trevor -- belongs to neville longbottom, who looks on with pride).
cal follows murdoch toward the bow.
the large lady in the picture has ringlets and wears a pink -silk dress.
luke grins, as he didn't mean her to say that.
buttercup, bursting into the prince's chambers.
he reads a headline.
we can see through the windows of the house, ben making his way through people trying to stop him and speak to him as he goes through rooms, up the stairs and to his room.
we're almost on top of the burnham house now, as lester, wearing sweatpants and running shoes, bursts out of the front door and dashes up the driveway.
he gives the kid a look and puts the glass down.
brackett's flashlight comes on, illuminating the two men.
once again, emily looks astounded.
on the other side of the settee are a middle-aged couple.
they continue talking.
stan picks up the trunk.
boozy soldiers stagger from it, grinning.
a crowded room of dancers is executing the slow portion of a dance fashionable in the early 1820's.
the babysitter, jessica, picks up the framed photo from the floor.
they exchange a quick look of concern as they enter.
he farts again.
the sky grows dark.
he pulls out a bowling ball and examines it in the manner of a superstitious native.
gollum as he throws the remaining lembas bread over the cliff.
pippin desperately seeking reassurance.
benjamin, who'd just thrown a bucket of water over the side of the ship, goes below decks.
the picture constantly breaks up.
stella has appeared behind his wheelchair.
inigo, walking away.
it contains a black-and-white wedding photo.
a busy street lies many stories below.
lily and her brother, noah, follow jackson along a sparse trail.
he nods to preacher who then leaves.
she woozily tries to hit him round the face.
george turns back cheerfully to the crowd.
anna's eyes are emotional.
all the delegates and their aides suddenly turn, surprised, and look at camera.
he goes into their room on tiptoe.
george also pulls a face and shrinks.
he pauses near the truck's bonnet.
merrill looks at his nephew turning gray.
she examines it.
then, saunters up to ezra's table.
emily watches and looks moved.
the executioner looks up and we.
sam seems strangely reluctant.
she thinks, looks at the phone again.
frodo leaps to his feet and pushes his way towards the bar.
he sees the strangers and breaks into a smile.
with that, he begins to leaves.
chili sits up on his elbows, listens.
looking up at merrill.
later, two officers escort her out.
he pulls his wedding ring from his pocket, hesitates for a moment before slipping it back on, and settles back in his seat.
lt. dan steps back up to bubba and forrest.
forrest looks at lt. dan lying on the bed.
in the lobby, he crashes into a bystander knocking him down.
jamal peers through a crack in the door and sees the beautiful dancing girl.
david strides off, leaving an ambulance and a squad car behind.
now faster, inigo is in control and the man in black is desperate.
outside his office door, he smooths both hands over his hair, then strides off down the gloomy, brick-walled passage.
salieri goes into the salon.
the hunting party is making its way back to netherfield hall under a twilight sky.
he gently strokes her cheek near the scar.
at the crash site, air force personnel are busy clearing up the cargo of strange white cubes.
she responds to him.
the general, the brigadier, the senior police officer, irwin's adc and the principal secretary are all present.
the inspector approaches the now limp body of jamal again.
bettes' reaction her mother adds a saving grace.
harry lies motionless on the grassy hillside.
now, they detect a siren.
as the ambulance rounds a corner, he falls to the floor.
rambo gestures to his friends and they surround the cobra, which lunges at them in turn.
phyllis takes her hand off the doorknob and holds on to neff's arm.
ferris dials his cell phone.
jack and rose reunite in the crowd.
she stretches languorously down on it.
she scans the room looking for thelma.
she smiles and looks downs at the ground.
banging his head.
he uses the arm to reach up and switch off the alarm before it can on.
clouds fill the screen and give way to the image of a globe.
the orcs have no defence as their weapons cannot make contact with the ghosts.
and finally lizzie, laughing and smiling with jane.
natalie's taken aback.
here he spots several photos of a much younger mulwray, along with julian cross.
the threesome clip their name badges to their neck bands and hang them around necks.
strands of a white thread stuck to his hand.
he is taking out a hunting rifle from under the mattress, wrapped in a rag.
the group look around the atrium before stepping out into it.
he puts the weights down and looks at his reflection in the window: his arms are pumped.
gavroche pulls it back, and valjean offers a coin.
the headlights of a speeding police car sweep toward them.
evan's shirt is unbuttoned and heidi strokes his chest.
peter sits alone in a hospital corridor, staring blankly at the paper cup in his hand.
the fighter turns to avoid a collision and hurtles straight towards the rocks.
zoe ignores her.
a shot of the boys climbing a fence.
the barmaid refills his glass and gives him a sunny smile.
jamal looks out of a train window as it races through the city.
fergus pushing jody through a copse of trees, the gun at his back.
they sit at the kitchen table.
mary sitting on the floor playing with a baby.
benjamin lies on his bed, reading a magazine.
pop is smiling and poking his plate.
the students overwhelm him.
sirius is lying on his back, his eyes closed, a bloody claw mark on his shoulder.
he stands there with a stupid smile and a blank expression.
with effort he raises his head.
peter turns his back away, leaving the muggers punching and kicking their fallen victim.
he stops his fall by grabbing desperately onto a narrow parapet.
a thickset bald man appears on a computer screen in front of natalie.
farther along the bulletin board, he finds black and white photos of himself.
the reporters scribble, watching the judge even as they write, because the mere doubt in the judge's face reflects on the whole position of the british to india.
sam loomis gets out, along with taylor, the graveyard owner.
naked and his face dripping with sweat, jack lies on top of rose.
the g-men resume firing.
inside, elijah is walking away from the door and doesn't look around.
dumbledore turns in surprise as the blue flame leaps high into the air.
mr. bennet walks out.
and pushes himself up.
dante watches her leave.
the shell hits the hospital.
thelma starts to cry quietly.
the knock comes again.
there are some of karen, harry with a much younger, blonde karen.
she looks at the expectant students.
the weasley twins dangle a magic ear over the banisters.
they sit in silence for an incredibly long amount of time, staring through each other in a haze.
still kneeling beside ron, hermione watches him go.
as she stirs, ben makes a swift but calm exit.
then whirls around wearing a menacing.
she holds the axe over her head and walks through the chest -deep water into the office.
butch sits dazed and confused in the crumpled mess of what at one time was fabienne's honda.
but the boy's hands don't.
graham turns the radio off again.
she turns to see darcy striding out of the woods towards her.
behind them, the kids stare out of a side window.
jeep watches his father go.
he closes the door in her face.
jackson pulls up outside.
the queen lies in bed in a darkened room.
dillinger scowls toward his cell then heads over.
gittes sees something down the hall, under the legs of a telephone table.
he's watching an american football training session.
still holding scabbers, ron is dragged under the roots.
lou schwartz, one of the other salesmen, is working at his desk.
as the floor opens, it reveals an attractive, lighted swimming pool.
carl sits down.
the two men stand under the single dangling light bulb.
a crowd of spectators has gathered on the spacious concourse of the train station.
a woman enters and, disgusted, pushes sarah off her fur coat.
peter is running across the roofs of tall buildings and bleeping across the gaps between them.
olaf makes a metal face.
hermione stands behind ron at a door decorated with six, large, metal snakes.
lupin opens the trunk.
merrill puts down morgan.
the troop sits smoking and drinking beer in the mess hut, watching women perform an exotic dance routine on a stage.
holden's head snaps forward.
mrs. bailey and mrs. hatch push toward george.
rose raises her glass.
it sports a spiraling his hand around it and stares off.
a sudden flash whitens and fades to leave the image of ed, smiling behind her camera, softly supered on the underside of the bunk.
of a 7-eleven parking lot, at night, deserted except for hi's car which sits untended, its engine rumbling.
perfectly balanced on his broomstick, ron raises both hands in the air.
he stops halfway down the aisle.
he approaches the car and opens the door for evan.
they kneel by a casualty.
grasping for a handle, he slips back into the puddle.
harry looks a bit shocked himself, then turns to black.
on the shop floor, his little helper helps himself to an expensive handbag from a display cabinet, then some women's designer shoes, all of which are detailed on a list.
kate gives a faint smile.
with a raging blood-lust, the undead climb over the top of each other to try and reach the enemy, creating a kind of rolling mountain of ghouls that sweep all before them away!
he pulls it to his armpit and holds it there, tucked close to his ribs.
he runs forward and clasps his stomach, with his mouth open.
she drops her eyes momentarily, looks up again, gently.
necklaces and other personal objects get sucked into the sphere.
the three walking limbs stride over to a building, up its side.
they get inside.
eventually it comes back out and mcgonagall turns draco back to normal.
snatching another mask.
the moms hurriedly usher their offspring away as gin strides up.
moody writes on the blackboard.
evan groans on the ground, writhing.
lizzie puts down her embroidery, smiles at mr. bingley, then leaves the room.
george gives him a knowing look.
the photographer's bulb flashes as he takes a picture of the bathroom.
lenny's arms rise into frame.
they pass homer, who waits outside by their car with his own hostage.
lizzie looks down, then takes jane's hand again.
the japanese run down to the beach.
she attacks the sore muscle vigorously.
a group of children gaze enviously at a sleek broomstick in a shop window.
marley lies with his head in her lap, gently wagging his tail.
there appears to be no sign of scobie.
draco shows interest.
she sees salim and runs onto a waiting train.
tony sits on a sofa, while cherie stands close by.
he opens another drawer and pulls out various sandwiches wrapped in waxpaper, a salt and pepper shaker, a tube of mustard, a bottle of red wine and two dixie cups.
phyllis has moved over to the window.
the cell phone footage ends.
verdell starts whimpering as a pissed frank approaches his mugger.
he hasn't enough -- only two one-dollar bills and some small change.
without even looking at her, kay whips out his neuralyzer and blanks her out.
he opens it just enough to see below, and turns off the light.
michael shoots sandra in the head.
fergus follows.
a clock on the side of a building reads 7.05.
mrs. redgick is in front, moaning in pain, holding her swollen belly.
harry shakes his head.
only then is it apparent that phyllis' shot actually did hit him.
jack enters, then lets joe pass him.
now indoors, an aide runs to david's campaign chairman.
cassidy is drinking from a large tumbler, winks at her without pausing in his drinking.
they have huge bat-like wings.
at a newsstand, the daily bugle photo shows black spider- man robbing a bank.
zick-zack nods, satisfied.
the attackers drive off after sadiki.
at a table, a stout man eats.
juno pushes her crappy bike into the bike rack
louis tries to get out of the car -- but it's painful -- and his door is jammed shut -- he goes for the passenger door.
the president sorts keys.
harry, hermione, and ron throw themselves to the floor.
and pulls back two planks from the floor.
his body slamming against the wood.
he moves in on fantine.
harry is fastening the helmet of his flying clothes.
a tiny inscription glows red.as if burning from within.emanates from the ring.
and as they go.
with the sound of closing circuits, banks of lights systematically shut down in the various departments of the now empty store.
nehru takes an iced drunk from a servant.
debbie walks into pete's room, sits on the bed next to him.
bob gives the tv one final wallop -- whack!
harry joins neville.
the piano continues for a moment, but suddenly stops.
harry follows tom into the leaky cauldron.
he reaches for a long, chinese back scratcher lying on the windowsill.
carrying the pillow, she walks to whip.
ben's smart saloon pulls up outside an olive green clapboard house with a white picket fence.
as the door opens, a woman looks shocked to see darcy.
the bear kicks him, sending chili back into the living room at karen's feet.
butch makes the wise decision that is this asshole's a friend of marsellus, he better let it go for now.
malcolm stops at a set of doors at the end of the hall -- realizes cole is no longer next to him.
she stares, her head tilted to the side.
jerry eases toward the street, looking over at the booth as he passes.
jenny's holding a newborn baby, smiling as a nurse pushes her in a wheelchair.
even at the late hour, there is heavy traffic throughout the station.
bond runs upstairs.
he lights a cigarette.
she sleeps with her head resting on his lap.
luna lovegood saunters up to a set of hanging chimes.
michael, sarah and the party crouch low in the boat as it nears the building.
he puts it back on.
lt. dan chuckles, drinks the rest of a bottle of wine and tosses it down.
he takes stock.
laurie moves from the window back to the telephone and dials annie's number.
cal turns to watch her go.
skeeter looks up excitedly.
as zus starts snapping the twigs, tuvia glances at the hebrew markings on the mezuzah, and hugs aron even more tightly.
jackson takes their luggage over to the boot.
finally, reggie reaches out to the bedstand and takes the phone off the hook.
camera tracks behind him as he walks toward the wallace house.
they smile ambiguously.
the magistrate (english) is surveying the courtroom; he signals his clerk (english) to him.
her eyes fixed on his face, she moves over towards the fence.
jeep pulls the trigger again and.click.
a beautiful woman steps forward.
he sits on a sears roebuck catalogue to give him a view over the dash.
sam begins to play it very softly.
a group of westerners arrive, led by michael, who has thinning hair, and a blonde girl, sarah.
now harry returns to the pumping station with a briefcase and leads david to a service junction where a cinderblock worktable awaits them.
mary stares at him, aware that something unusual has happened.
the four friends look at each other.
lester digs through stuff stored on the shelves, searching for something as if his very life depended on it.
then he too faces the tv.
his features sagging mournfully as he reflects on the presenter's words.
they jostle and bump him.
asael turns around to malbin, who is trying to follow a map.
as the two men enter, a door at the far side is slamming shut.
sunlight seeps between clouds and fills the sky.
he puts a cigar in his mouth and starts tapping his pockets for matches.
she stands, picks up the leaflets, and moves down the aisle of the train.
as flint moves off, the rescued guards dropped from a web spun across the street.
as it reaches the ground, a heavy metal grill slides over it.
as police arrive on horseback, the students hand out leaflets.
her hair is the ruined elaborate hairdress of yesterday, and her eyes are blazing with anger.
still wearing albert's clothes, harry wakes.
he is talking on the telephone while his eyes are still on the neighborhood.
ben gently draws her to him and plants a lingering kiss on her lips.
slughorn sits on a chair, looking anxious.
as he flies, harry checks over his shoulder.
the little girl glances back.
lester looks down at her, grinning, unable to believe he's actually about to do what he's dreamed of so many times, and then.
one of them is only wounded.
adriane turns on the monitor.
david sees elijah sitting in an airport lounge.
after dark, peter, wearing a dopey smile, rides along a city street.
graham and caroline emerge through the tall green crop and look around anxiously.
she sits at the end of the grape-arbor.
an enormous sheaf of completed pages sit next to her.
the snow is a dense blizzard.
carolyn suddenly slaps jane, hard.
then he moves to the cot where his son karl lies asleep and kneels, pulls up the child's little blanket and for a moment lays his own head down beside the boy's.
neighbors coming from their homes in the mid-ground: confusion and talk, more vehicles.
gandhi sits carefully on the bed, where some newspapers are spread out, english-language ones among them.
rooney operates the controls for his cherry picker and gets it to raise him higher so that he can get a better view of the junkyard.
preacher takes pearl, with her doll, onto his lap.
the camera tracks into the soldier's smiling face.
they finish with the items from the bag.
he aims it at a balcony high up on a massive stone building.
professor mcgonagall raises her wand high above her head.
at school, students pour out of the building.
just then a cawing crow swoops down and grabs the hat right out of his hands.
he stands, thinks for a moment and then turns to her.
he proudly exhibits the shod foot.
joe picks up one of the strange white cubes which have spilled from the wreckage and pockets it before joining the others on top of a wrecked carriage.
szpilman stands for a moment, confused, terrified.
lizzie looks mortified.
pete and debbie are talking to dr. seduku, a foreign doctor.
he calls allison.
marcus continues to leap at the mannequin.
debbie is talking to their accountant.
he lifts her veil.
merry hurries off.
he drops to his knees beside her.
mj, on her knees, leans over him, kissing him full on the lips, her head pointing the opposite way from his.
she produces a second card.
cedric appears.
two bodies lie a few feet apart, not moving.
before gittes can say anything, the phone clicks dead.
benjamin pulls on his coat as he steps out onto the street and strode away.
he opens the rear door of the sedan, gets in and closes the door after him.
they look at each other as the sphere glows powerfully and slowly rises into the air.
mavis reenters the dining room to serve more food to the children.
mrs. bennet purses her lips, exchanges a glance with her sister and haughtily walks off.
he has deliberately if delicately caught the eye of both jinnah and maulana azad during this.
larry answers the door.
they thunder right past the house.
pippin looks up at gandalf, questioningly.
ben opens his eyes and moves his head slightly.
he and harry follow the goblin along the dank gloomy passage.
steam leaks off the window as doe-eyed sidney stares open mouthed at the passing illuminations.
his hands are pressed flat on the tabletop.
audrey wakes up and runs to the office.
he steps out of the car and walks up a foot path to a house.
we are in an antique store.
harry aims his wand at the locket.
the guest bond followed in is slumped in the corner.
charlotte comes out in a brown bob.
a stand pipe stops dribbling.
she vomits.
he turns and sees dil walking toward him, a bottle in her hand.
don stands at the door, panic in his face.
she slumps, motionless.
tony raises his eyebrows.
after a moment -- a frazzled abby pops up in his place.
nick halfheartedly raises his glass and turns back to watch the dancing.
he looks down.
the lift stops at dantay-west publications floor.
they look down in the cattle huddled in the canyon shadows.
peeking through a doorway, the queen sees charles talking to prince william and prince harry.
elliot leaps up, grabs lee, and kisses her passionately.
the inside is nicer than you'd think, a real home.
graham has come for tea.
there are tables and booths.
hermione steps towards harry, her eyes fixed on the painting.
as jean-louis runs out into the hall, shouting.
she and minnie glance towards the window and the storm raging outside.
susan regards joe intently, searching his face for an answer.
a padlock being unlocked.
the brawl's in full swing as sarah approaches the pub.
a torchlight beam illuminates the diner.
she switches off the porch light and the hall light.
the queen opens a newspaper.
ben gets tools out of his bag.
shaking his head in disbelief, brian wanders down to longson, then hurls his tracksuit top on the table.
he reaches behind kate and moves nearer.
jenny grins and closes the book.
she puts her arms around him.
the man can only see silhouettes in this light, but he's not waiting around to see if it's friend or foe.
he climbs the grand staircase.
vincent hangs up his overcoat on a big bronze coat rack in the alcove.
he marches the man away with a gun at his neck.
at home, joe sits in the bath, clutching the white cube, which has a knobbly surface.
wille thrusts his crotch into the blonde.
he watches as she walks in through the gate.
as he speeds him out.
she scrubs jamal with soap.
the girls slump.
we now see rick, sitting at a table alone playing solitary chess.
at last, hagrid calls them back.
martin, in his tie, faces her.
a ship officer enters and stands in a doorway.
dillinger lowers his sunglasses and views photos of the little bohemia lodge, the wrecked ford, and a pair of confiscated tommy gun.
for a moment he glances back at the myers house, then starts down the quiet residential street.
helen, looking around desperately, sees something reflected in the shaving mirror: the gun in the wash bowl.
nick receives a personal invitation.
now at a stone wall, dillinger, alvin karpis, and other men look down at an idling steam locomotive.
skeeter drives the blue cadillac slowly along a dirt road and peers through some trees at a single-story, white clapboard house, its roof overgrown, standing in a small clearing.
he takes the phone.
grabbing sandy's cell phone, she admires the photo of his smiling daughters.
the boy swings the knife at her, slicing open the waitress outfit covering her pregnant belly.
she waves her hand, motioning for him to come outside.
louise looks very shaken up.
the old yellow coupe pulls up and louis gets out.
he looks up as she crawls away.
neff puts a cigarette in his mouth and strikes a match.
the stranger stops.
the three men enter the cafe.
leaving his other belongings, he halts under a rotundas decorated ceiling.
harry and ron stare, dumbfounded, at lupin.
the resurrection stone falls gently onto the forest floor.
moran shot the guard to get an aim on watson.
in the devastate office, gwen helps another mortal up.
the villagers run across the paddy field.
she stands immobile among her subjects, blinking back tears.
slowly, the family turns to watch the figures block out the soft light, diffusing through the gaps between the boards on another window at the front of the house.
from the boiler room, man dump wheelbarrows of coal beside stokers who shovel the fuel.
david dunne stands to one side with two other security guards.
leo sits down in the arm chair, stares sadly at the briefcase.
howard turns to wife sandra.
hannah's children are playing in the room as hannah enters, carrying a huge roast turkey.
cole removes the gloves from his hand and places them next to his plate.
forrest sit on a rocking chair with his running shoes on.
inigo, staring in awe.
suddenly the door opens and george comes striding out.
ron comes out of the house.
gatsby stops at the top of the steps and looks up at the mansion thoughtfully.
rows of old film studio buildings reflected in a shiny gold surface.
the nazi soldiers drop their weapons at their feet and raise their arms in surrender.
embarrassed the girl disappears upstairs.
he barely grabs on, disconnecting his chute just as the curtain goes up.
the receptionist hands juno the clipboard and a pen.
her face drains of color.
without taking his eyes from the scene, jeff picks up his wineglass and drinks.
they write without ink using umbridge's curled brown quills.
jane gives a knowing smile and eyes the ribbon in tess' hair.
nonchalantly crossing her arms in front of her, she stares up defiantly at darcy.
a snake merchant approaches rambo.
zus bangs his head against the tree trunk.
we watch as the catfish circles, then heads for deeper water, disappearing.
sitting at her desk, abby gives mike a challenging look, picks up a card and the phone, and dials.
jack climbs up the water pipe near the ceiling and bangs the handcuffs against the pipe.
then he hears an urgent hiss.
yet another photograph, this one showing a young kay, in a shirt and tie, holding a bouquet of flowers, staring at the open door of the landed flying saucer.
tommy turns and runs upstairs crying.
skeeter bursts excitedly through her door in her pajamas almost slipping on the stairs.
carl pulls a wheelie and whizzes off.
hermione sadly wipes her eyes.
he sits beside her.
he draws her toward him.
the leeds players trudge into their dressing room.
dillinger sets a simple cardboard box on the coffee table.
she turns and runs.
mj is unconscious.
the limo soars over a gap.
she hesitates, then wanders through the long grass.
hermione holds up her hand.
he looks down at the envelope and smirks.
he lies back on the bench and grips the bar.
rose spits in cal's face and runs off.
jackson and yuri are standing behind the others as the plane approaches to land.
greene and his friend carrying their gift bags are welcomed into a private box.
he steps through the circle and puts his name into the stone goblet.
more streaking flares cascade in the sky above jack.
the camera follows her as she goes past the nude drawings, which become the focus of attention as lee walks offscreen.
honey bunny freaks out, waving her gun in jules' direction.
they sit on the stairs and kiss.
ben smiles broadly and heads out.
uncle vernon tears up three identical letters addressed to harry.
school boy closes a night-vision sight on his weapon.
he turns towards the noise, raising his rifle.
with his machine gun over his shoulder, he takes a step backwards and surveys the group, his face angry and dismayed.
the driver is valjean, hesitating.
she holds the water glass and the pills.
she looks up at harry.
faramir's procession enters a wide vaulted chamber.
chili stands there while curtis opens chili's wallet and looks at the driver's license while dunbar in the plaid shirt pulls the lakers t-shirt out of the athletic bag, feels around inside.
the dignitaries become aware of the singing, and glance uneasily from side to side.
he releases the web and slumps forward.
the pincer round peter's neck loosens off.
she considers the concept, then pushes open the clinic door.
she takes a brief look, then walks away.
he answers the phone on his way out.
he turns to see: the sergeant thrown off his horse.
distraught, molly kneels beside fred's body.
fergus tries to draw her up toward him, but her hand reaches up to his mouth and presses his head back while her other hand undoes his pants.
lydia comes running out to meet her.
the gang leader sets down his magazine.
two men in conservative suits are approaching.
carson looks quickly back toward adam, then takes off after reggie.
two boys pass him as he slows to a walk.
inside the bank, dillinger waits as the president fills a sack with money from the safe.
the dursleys wake.
willie turns to the kid.
at opposite sides of the room, without looking at each other, they begin to take off their clothes.
bartholomew, his face lathered for a shaving, is on the phone.
mj is sitting in a cafe with a glass front, leaning her head on her hand.
she reaches for it and the ground beneath her begins to split open.
now revealed to be deep sea submersives.
joe quickly turns left into a driveway -- but we push in tight on him -- from the direction they just came are more tanks and military vehicles -- joe's eyes go wide -- they're stuck.
strom looks on.
he discovers the key missing.
characters abandon the portraits and scuttle away.
smokie's face is still bruised from where walt whacked him.
the hooded figure looks up into the sorrowful face of the statue.
the thieves are being rounded up by the brute squad, alarge group of large men.
we are looking across the length of the bowling alley at a tall, thin, hispanic bowler displaying perfect form.
a car pulls up.
jenny looks around the teachers roomy kitchen and comfortable sitting room.
models and celebrities mingle backstage at the valentino show.
he shifts his eyes, then shrugs.
now a fedora sits on a burgundy leather couch by purvis, who gazes off thoughtfully.
don steps quickly to the door, presses his ear against it to hear what the two are saying outside.
he heaves a sigh and looks at his box of rat attack.
she wears a white dress.
the van follows a line of cars and slows up.
the twins put down their gifts, one on the sofa, one on the coffee table, and hug their father.
he opens up the folded paper to see rene's sketch of a tall tower.
the ship's baker helps her up.
indy approaches another door (elsa's bedroom) and knocks.
chelmsford is realist enough to recognize that a faux pas has been made, and he strives to get the meeting back on the course he intends.
his smile fades, and the moment is gone.
the girl is waiting for her.
david hugs his son to his chest, gives him a slight smile, and looks over his head at the slim fair-haired woman who has followed the boy.
they crouch down, as half a dozen germans come past and set up a gun position in front of them.
bunches of flowers pile up at the railings.
his hat comes off and a guard approaches.
gabriel grabs audrey's arm and punches her.
bleeker suppresses a smile.
frank stumbles back.
bond watches him go as he and camille clamber down the rubble.
the dude stares.
graham looks at merrill, then, sits up straight and sighs.
alyssa and the girl break their kiss.
singing continues o.s.
and they're shooting.
two strips of light appear and very slowly widen as a door opens.
octavius is in his lab.
grabbing his wrist an incredulous alison shakes her head.
a caravan of two oversize cars is pulling into the lot just as tommy and the three convicts burst out of the station door, whooping it up.
she stands chatting.
she takes all the blankets, revealing his naked rear end.
the three men sit as they watch the television.
cops leap out of their cars just as willie jumps from his.
loomis quietly stands up behind the hedge.
alicia appears at his door.
soldiers dive out of the way.
hagrid has accidentally stabbed professor flitwick's hand.
outside the city, a group of boys stand on a hillside.
he beckons them closer, and they lean forward.
vanessa is clearly ecstatic.
a fire engine arrives.
gatsby stands across the room from tom.
in one hand the man carries a small garden hoe and rake, and in the other a pair of trimming shears.
both men are unconscious.
dante and randal regard her curiously.
he dangles from the end of his broomstick.
the messenger shows a map book.
the school corridors are dark and deserted.
rebecca looks like a rabbit caught in the headlights.
he looks puzzled as he returns to the studio floor.
charlotte takes off her specs and stares at her.
the ponytail man walks ups to elijah.
punnoose wakes up.
the bus arrives at the dying town.
frodo is pushed into the hobbit's room by strider.
his hand shaking, he holds up a small test tube.
lester thrusts his face directly into a steaming hot shower.
marwan goes to hani.
she turns on the tv.
the kid watches willie in the bath.
butch is in the courtyard of his north hollywood apartment building.
through the dusty arched window at the rear of the shop a dim light reveals the triangular cabinet, its door firmly closed.
tony is calling from the ship.
she looks at him then.
touching his scar.
keyes takes the match out of his hand, strikes it for him and lights his cigarette.
the man reacts violently, attempting to grab randal from over the counter.
panting, he turns to see a policeman emerge from a nearby warehouse.
brackett walks down the sidewalk to his house.
to make more space on the wall, filch removes a painting of six men in elizabethan dress inspecting a skeleton.
jenny and her friends are hiding behind a tree smoking.
gimli left alone.
elizabeth and hilly are already sitting in a booth.
two framed nude drawings of lee are propped up on an easel.
holmes tosses it into the car.
she puts her arms round peter and hugs him close.
mike looks troubled.
at the baseball game, the pitcher pitches and the batter hits.
merrill turns a corner full speed.
nullah follows her.
she begins to cut.
finally the whole cafe stands, singing, their faces aglow.
the man, tall, lean and in his 30s, walks up steps from the beach which cut through a garden, abundant with colorful flowers and bushes.
jeep watches the baby sail slowly through the air.
john makes a move; he slowly and tenderly reaches out his hand and lays his fingers on her knuckles.
in the hospital, caroline turns to daisy.
resplendent in her green silk gown and fashionable feather hat, miss bingley is tolerating the dancing, wheeling in and out with a haughty air.
his body's stiffened, unmoving.
the footage of the crash is just clouds of smoke.
he hurries along closer to gandhi again, one eye still on the police.
zus walks away, stumbling into the undergrowth.
rambo emerges from hiding.
morgan puts the flashlight on the ground and rolls it across .
billie joe comes over to congratulate graham.
don stands stunned, his mind reeling.
ron leads them in semi-darkness towards a cavern.
john runs up the bank, not looking back.
then walks in slow procession down the white paved path as the crowd bow their heads in respect to their new king.
he waits.
sitting on ron's bed, hermione strengthens her grip on his hand with a sigh of contentment.
he passes behind the malfoys.
the car pulls away.
the young husband leans his hands on the windowsill, and looks out.
holden pushes her forward.
he breathes heavily.
hesitantly, cho approaches the last person to leave.
he unfolds the paper.
dyer glances woodenly at the panel -- a man in some shock at the consequences of what he assumed was an act worthy of praise.
the film runs out and spins around on the reel.
the camera shows us again leopold's portrait on the wall, looking down upon a scene of disorder.
ron nervously breaks the seal on the red envelope.
we look around the town, on and off main street.
spider-man somersaults back, jumps to avoid the mechanical limbs and limbos under a bridge.
guards and gendarmes rush in and grab ugarte.
the hobbits gratefully enter bree.the gatekeeper eyeing them curiously in the lantern light.
smokie and spider come out to confront him.
everybody whips out a buck, and throws it on the table.
they are lifted into the air by the bullets, turn somersaults, fall dead.
he is a hobbit of indertiminate age, with a mischievous twinkle in his eye.
beneath the skylight, jack stands on the landing and faces the clock.
he looks up at an electronic billboard from which sophie stares at him.
he sees his cat.
she approaches in horror through the brawlers, rubberneckers and flying undies.
miss bingley stops her.
now, they wear robes.
he identifies and welcomes the new arrival.
szpilman is wandering around, occasionally greeting people.
students turn to each other.
she rises on her side and tenderly grabs sandy's shoulder.
at that moment: gandalf is suddenly blasted across the room!
it turns and runs away back up the tunnel, on its many legs.
it has a head like a horse.
he sets her on the bed.
he stares in shocked disbelief at the vista spread out below.
red heat hisses out of fissures, the rock is jagged.
aisha wrings her hands as she looks up at people leaning out of windows, watching her.
grimsrud moves to retrieve her but carl, grinning, lays a hand on his shoulder.
mickey stops his pacing and looks at the group.
tonks walks away and remus lupin follows her, leaving harry with mr. weasley.
a single tear falls from charity's eye.
she closes her eyes, exhales, and drops her hand.
the fellowship trekking through a land of deep valleys and turbulent waters.the misty mountains rise sharply to their left.
sarah steps out onto the balcony and looks out over the harbor.
his eyes linger on its pocket with a certain tenderness, then he turns and starts towards the door of the auditorium.
the wind blows strong and whips the negligee around annie's legs.
tony turns his head to look over at the queen, who sits impassively.
the japanese fighters fly over mission island.
at elizabeth's, aibileen lays mae mobley down to change her nappy.
an iraqi in each of the pursuing four-by-fours loads a rocket-propelled grenade into a launcher.
in diagon alley, a girl with long wavy hair comes out of a shop and spots them.
a man reading a book closes it and, like the woman beside him, begins to stare out of the window as the train begins to shake more violently.
watched by benjamin, daisy wakes.
he moves as if in a trance.
the balcony judders as the thuds seem to move closer.
taking in entrance to prescription room at end of fountain.
others talk or smoke cigars.
en-joo, reese and diaz each give the locals a backward glance.
rose gazes back up at jack, who still stands next to cal.
eddie's face buried in his lap as charlie massages his back.
as he does so, an irate man clutching a tray of glasses joins him behind the counter.
he winces, then swings one leg over the bed.
he quickly takes off the existing lens and puts on the telephoto lens in its place.
lizzie and jane can't help smiling.
in the motel, tim lies on his back in the tub.
tuvia pulls the old man onto his back, leaving the leather bag of books behind.
mike forces himself to nod.
it opens slowly anyway.
it's blade in several fragments.
his grip on dillinger's forearm gives way, and the gang leader lets him go.
she is turning to us, hands pressed to her ears, mouth stretched wide in an ear-splitting shriek and we are rushing into an extreme close-up of her gaping mouth and her wildly vibrating epiglottis and we.
mrs. figg watches as they soar away high above privet drive.
ricky, his hair wet from the rain, puts the cash in his pocket.
as he continues searching, flipping and knocking over shit, jody appears in the doorway.
he keeps eyeing the doors to the elevators.
as abby, mike and colin walk into the bar, two buxom blonde twin jello girls, bambi and candi, rush up to mike.
tv in the living room plays a match game.
john gives her a burning, proud smile.
she turns toward the door and sees the rain streaming down the window.
octavius' metal limbs pick spider-man up.
he holds up hank's handicapped parking pass.
carol breathes heavily -- gets control, stopping herself on the brink of crying.
the door to cole's room sits at the end of the corridor.
holden gives chase.
the new car pulls a hard right, goes off the road, spins around the ins cars, and squeals to a sideways halt, silhouetted in front of their headlights.
the old man weeps and strokes the little girl's glossy dark hair.
daisy and benjamin get out.
he aims the scold at his underling.
his pace slows.
ghastly figures swirl towards him out of the lowering storm clouds.
lockhart turns and runs up a flight of stairs.
he starts to scale a wall.
a female paramedic jumps to her feet to salute him.
we don't notice it right away, but the dead soldier has been decapitated.
after a beat of hold on the rippling waters, the surface is broken by the up-bob of a pine coffin.
there is a khaki kit bag slung over one shoulder.
he's just entered his apartment.
he runs his charcoal across the paper creating faint arcs.
heinze introduces strasser to renault.
the pixie flatters lower to get a closer look.
she holds an almost empty tray of hors d'oeuvres; she wears a uniform.
he drives off into the dusty distance.
he pokes her forehead.
mia is fading fast.
sam slashes out with sting!
pull back: aragorn runs towards the golden hall.
graham starts walking across the kitchen.
he raises it to his cigarette, but as it draws close, the match goes out with a sharp.
- the three men walk down a flat delta road, the sun shimmering off the rough pavement.
harry chortles with glee as even more letters hurtle down the chimney.
the theatre also possesses boxes; some of these show closed curtains - their inhabitants presumably engaged in private intimacies.
in the back seat, jean starts screaming.
miranda finishes talking on her mobile as a silver mercedes pulls up.
pete is eating an egg sandwich and manically singing along.
prostitutes sitting on chairs on the pavement.
in the bedroom, his wife has become aware of the call.
he adds details as he fleshes out the sketch.
snorting horse nostrils.as the shadow of a black rider looms over a hobbit house.
peter swings away on a thread, but harry flies at him, thumping him into the air like a ball on elastic.
sallah puts brody's luggage down and glances at brody.
the shadow from his hood obscures all his space but a triangle from his nose to his mouth.
she walks into the crowd, toward the door.
nema looks over his shoulder.
warily, mozart crosses and opens he door.
david sips his drink slowly.
the creature falls to the ground.
willie sees off another child.
he is looking at a photograph stuck up on the mirror.
at night the bristol arrives back at jenny's house.
john pulls into the driveway.
brody is giving it careful study while he dabs the lump on the back of his head with an ice pack.
she stares straight in front of her.
rolling over to face her, he strokes her cheek and neck.
he uncorks the wine, fills a cup and begins eating.
daisy offers a smile as a handsome dark-haired young man embraces her from behind.
they scramble to their feet.
mrs. bailey and annie, the cook, look up toward the vibrating ceiling.
the sheriff is up on his feet.
nice guy eddie is driving to the rendezvous talking on his portable car phone.
ricky stands, looking a little panicked.
he then leans in, complicitous.
boromir turns sharply.
to harry's surprise, the light becomes two headlights.
a spell from neville's wand ignites charges in the joints of the bridge supports.
an assortment of well-dressed people have now crowded into the studio.
joe turns to see it -- stunned -- then back to the direction of the noise -- but it is gone.
now it's edward who's frozen, helpless in time.
he pockets the money.
he reaches for his wand.
he tries to turn it off, but his fingers are still clotted with sleep.
she walks softly on bare feet to her and john's room, where marley is lying on the bed.
the ten-year old boy looks deep in thought.
the boy turns and looks at her.
the camera moves away, goes down the wall to the bottle hanging there, and moves on along the back of the facade of the apartment to the splendid panorama of new york.
schultz, a fat, sweaty german is filling out the form at his desk.
he holds her gaze as angrily as she holds his.
rick returns renault's gaze with expressionless eyes.
in the lower lifeboat, a man labors to cut the ropes connecting the two boats.
the dog turns to glance at her and apparently taking heed, moves away.
continues smiling as she close the door softly behind her.
as the procession turns off, the calvary division gallop ahead and disappear round a corner.
on the computer screen is edwards' full name -- james darrel edwards iii.
he frowns and quickly dumps it back on the floor.
she is outpacing us, growing smaller.
he runs across a road to an underpass carrying highway traffic.
heat waves ripple between us and him, making his figure slightly waver.
mulwray leaves the overleaf board and sits down.
then sinks to the bottom.
eddie leans against a wall nearby.
sitting beside him, his pet snowy owl turns its head as he gently strokes its soft, white feathers.
dressed in smart jeans, a black polo neck and a brown jacket, and still wearing a large grin, andy walks down a busy street.
the queen smiles at crawford.
shooting through where the windshield used to be, cutting in at the end of the skid as the car rocks to a halt.
he waves his hand dismissively at the pilot, who turns and looks the other way.
he yanks open harry's dark green jacket and starts pumping his chest.
edward swims laps in the family pool.
andy stands up and grabs her clutch bag.
he runs into the bathroom and vomits into the tub.
the mechanical limbs lift him off the ground, then he opens his arms.
on a beautiful sunny day, sam and rosie are married.
he jumps up and down excitedly and runs off the boat onto the jetty.
aiming his wand, wormtail forces harry up into the arms of the statue.
professor lupin stands and nods to the students.
she throat-punches the guard.
she punches his throat.
jeep punches it.
jamal arrives to see one thug holding a blade to latika's face.
suddenly, toward the end of the above, the wind dies down.
sarah turns toward the elevators, with bert behind her, jiggling his keys.
slowly she wakes up and looks at forrest.
wearing a pink dressing gown, ginny finds harry sitting on the stairs.
ending their kiss, david and elise look around and find both intervention teams gone.
count rugen, retreating more quickly around the table.
as reggie and peter enter the small cage.
charles moves to reenter the room.
gandalf joins pippin as they look towards the distant, jagged mountains of mordor.
a teller is finishing stuffing the last of two burlap bags.
wide-eyed and terrified, the handlers quickly pull the excited dogs away.
the camera moves slowly toward them so that only about eight bottles fill the screen and we can see, between them, the shop, its window on third avenue, its entrance door.
he frog marches blaise and goyle away.
ryan and natalie look up.
he runs back up the street and trips over alice's bike.
the tiny tent is spacious inside.
looking through a new file, sandra makes a small sound.
he sits at his cube workstation and starts to type on his computer.
he eyes her and walks off.
hermione suddenly slithers out of sight.
later, tony stands before a mirror, putting on a tie.
he goes to ben.
they continue along a narrow passageway and reach a door.
szpilman is enjoying himself.
luna is knocked down.
parrish turns away.
men in suits climb stairs.
he pulls her into a passionate embrace.
as they pass harry, he sees a limp arm sticking out from under the sheet.
dillinger shuts the door behind him.
the lights don't come on.
peter screws his eyes up and returns the embrace.
she's on: smiling, animated, laughing too loud at their jokes.
he flicks the omelette in half.
many dwarf skeletons are strewn about, clearly the dead of some old battle.the rusting armor and shields are peppered with arrows and axes.
his hands are clasped around the black elder wand.
jeep's losing her.
peter and harry turn away.
he bows his head against the wall, then paces in the light streaming through the windows, his hands on his head.
they search their pockets and handbags, hand over to father what change they can find.
she takes a kettle and fills it with water.
it's busy with people chatting.
he is unaware that stella is now standing behind him.
he looks around him, then quickly goes out the front door of the house.
as we hear the wail of an approaching siren, hi takes it on the heel and toe.
bo catlett gives ronnie a look.
they all sit, save mozart.
the man in black, teetering on the ravine edge, for a moment, then he begins to fall.
death eaters hurtle through the sky towards the house.
he opens the drawer in which we know ricky keeps his marijuana, but he doesn't discover its false bottom.
holmes looks into the corridor.
hal sees thelma and louise for the first time.
the knock disturbs her thoughts.
a short pause; then the children, covered with coal-dust, emerge into the light and climb the stairs.
joe watches as his dad, jack, bundles lewis outside.
he races for the connecting door, pulls back the bolt and rushes in.
yet no one moves to go.
javed beckons to salim.
he smashes the defiant law man with his pipe.
neff's coupe comes down the street and swings into the garage and goes down the ramp into the basement.
the young man bears his teeth with an evil smile of satisfaction.
he grabs the tablet.
jody's eyes seem to burn through him.
lila goes to the door.
thelma is just laughing hysterically.
peter gazes down from the darkness.
eowyn standing alone outside the golden hall, waiting.
whip places a bag beside the door and reaches above one of the wooden posts supporting the veranda roof.
they start to dance slowly, their faces close together.
the queen exits the bedroom and robin bows.
she tentatively takes them.
the boy pulls off the lid, folds back purple tissue paper, and stares down.
the szpilmans gather at their open window to watch.
a young makeup woman applied powder to the queen's nose with crowds visible outside the window.
now, a fresh-faced graham, dressed in black, and wearing a white dog collar, drives slowly down a country road at night.
the trolley glides into a large, glass chamber.
rambo spots the commander escaping up the hill.
startled, frodo looks down at sam, losing his footing in the process.
they are smiling and talking, although we cannot hear their dialogue.
nodding dubiously, graham takes the book from morgan and starts to leaf through the pages.
carl unfreezes, takes out one of the bank-wrapped wads and looks at it.
a scruffy, ratty-haired urchin climbs out of a hole in the elephant's head.
the old gentleman walks along the pavement and stops beneath a street light.
a surgeon lifts tim's heart out of his body and carefully passes it to a colleague.
he starts to go down, and others around him, convinced by the authority of his voice.
cole takes an eternal pause.
thurmond hurries off into the house, and willie allows himself a faint smile.
darkness of evening is coming.
he gestures at them.
it's huge and there's a lot to go through.
she slams it down, and slumps next to it.
ed is crossing off the last day on the calendar before a day circled in red.
marcus gives him a helpless look.
grease stains and rusty car parts litter the ground.
harry glances at horace slughorn, then goes out.
we catch a glimpse of an elderly man riding in it.
the crowd urges her.
lydia and kitty are being pushed on a swing by two uniformed officers.
tex lies on the ground, his face distorted with pain.
he gazes at cole's school uniform.
he's motioning to her for another, when we see a plane taxi past the window in the b.g.
sam hurries towards the gate, fearful for frodo.
each is carrying their wet clothes tied into a bundle that leaves a trail of dripping water.
perspiration beads hi's forehead.
hannah, licking her fingers, walks past a memo-cluttered refrigerator to the stove as holly, behind her, begins to speak.
helen sits head bowed in a sparsely furnished room.
they sit down beside each other on the grass.
the rain pours down on the men of the platoon as they sit in a camp.
forrest looks away.
lydia and kitty are playing a game with hoops,
a video screen behind larry and georgia shows monkeys having sex.
zoe runs up to the kitchen counter.
occasionally, he is obscured by a tree trunk on the opposite side of the street; a few taxis go by as he talks over the scene.
daisy stares at the rain lashing against the window.
she points across the room to the workroom.
the doctor appears in the doorway.
he's happier than he's been in years.
hagrid looks around.
his breathing becomes labored.
humperdinck, rugen and the queen stand high on the balcony.
he gestures to sim who tosses him a knife.
he takes a step backwards.
norman comes off the porch, walks to the path and directly up to the house, opens the door and goes in.
gatsby looks grave as he remembers being in battle.
peter appears and looks down over the railing.
lightoller, a man with short, light brown hair, and murdoch hurry over to smith
traffic streams along a highway as night turns to day.
people are rushing forward, throwing flowers over the knights.
scabior, his wand in his hand, walks over to harry.
thenardier opens his arms.
bob is about to respond when.
a model-type measures out a small amount of cereal and adds some nuts to her breakfast.
kneeling up again and sighing with relief.
a detective hands a file to tall, thin faced captain stacy.
malfoy stumbles back against a tree, cross-eyed with fear as hermione jabs the tip of her wand under his nose, when.
he is very angry.
edward throws his rock, but it just bounces off.
his hands touch the floor.
rambo turns away, clutching his shoulder.
he heads off.
charles looks at martin -- can't argue.
larry puts jack down and he runs off.
evan leads kayleigh into his bedroom and shuts the door.
alyssa marches quickly, pulling on her coat.
he begins kissing her cheek, her ear, her neck.
she poses in gauzy red, shiny candy pink and flowery baby blue as kevin lounges on the couch taking pictures.
aunt may kicks the bank clerk.
another appears in front of her.
he watches them race away, smiling to himself.
she grabs vanessa's hand and plants it on her stomach.
he nods, takes down the closed-for-lunch sign, sails it to the counter, opens door, goes out into the street.
the president staggers back and falls.
the pencil-neck is identified on posters as 'homer stokes, friend of the little man', and, in life as in the pictures, he shakes a broom over his head.
the bird approaches the school in a heavy snowstorm and sails past the clock tower.
she sees a long scar running from his side and back.
malfoy's parchment has reappeared.
sidney fidgets as he tries to get comfortable on a sofa in the spacious white lobby.
baby face tosses him into a window.
indy has discovered that each column is numbered with a roman numeral.
he has a wrapped package tucked under one arm as be immediately goes to the kid, pinches his cheek.
adrian takes a document from his bag.
she climbs into her carriage, leaving lizzie breathless with anger.
forrest runs and look down at his legs in surprise.
light shines out as he breaks the crystalline crust.
outside, red leaves the metal gate behind and crosses the open ground towards the sedan.
octavius concentrates hard and stares up at the ceiling.
the three girls stop in front of lynda's house, a modest suburban home on a quiet, tree-lined street.
the manager comes over, gesturing to the table of police that he can handle it.
we pan off the dude, driving, to his point of view through the front windshield.
the huge giant looks around wearily.
four men are playing.
col, the barman, pours her drink.
he and fats eye one another.
he starts to cry.
jeff lowers the binoculars quickly.
loomis looks down at her, then up at the shattered window at the end of the hall.
cosette, young and grubby, is at the inn.
she looks at him, shifting awkwardly.
a husky barks as indy runs past in search of his father.
azad and patel come to the doorway, patel makes the pranam toward ba and holds it as he obviously prays.
he forces a faint smile.
gandhi winds up what he has done, and starts to rise.
george has just come into the hall.
the youngster hesitates for a moment, then begins to help him pick the leaves.
she leans forward over the ocean.
several feet below are numerous vats containing all manner of reptiles: alligators, crocodiles, giant lizards, etc.
forrest holds a glass of milk and wears his bathrobe.
as he quickly enters, ken finds the room vacant.
mr. cunningham furrows his brow.
andy watches emily carry the coffees into miranda's office, then hangs up her coat and hurries to her desk, which faces emily's.
he grips sting and continues charging up -- screaming at the top of his lungs!
he lies on a table catching a few zzzzzz's before his big fight.
one more whistle cues the movie to grind back up to speed.
a guy walks onto the stage.
kyle, bob shoot quick anxious looks at percy.
in her yard, celia brings a flapping chicken to a log where an ax is waiting to dispatch the bird.
she looks at him, horrified.
as westley continues to pull them to safety.
outside by a loading bay.
she looks up from her magazine.
daisy crawls into the makeshift den, and benjamin follows on his hands and knees.
then a volley of shots, german voices shouting.
the top of the man's head doesn't move.
he hands them to kyle, bob, and jeep.
bond nurses the stricken aircraft as the hunter swoops in for the kill.
he raises his head.
he hangs up and turns to natalie.
auto's away offers used cars at great prices over $27,000, over $25,000.
thelma looks pitiful.
he runs his hand over the green felt as if he were caressing it.
the office floor gets way in the desks.
we have seen it before when walker spoke to smuts, but now we see its full breadth -- and the imposing figure smuts makes as he stands behind the grand desk.
alice gives joe a questioning look.
walt gets to his feet,
harry and ron are standing by dobby's grave when bellatrix approaches them.
graham starts crying.
the janitor enters and the guard shuts the door behind him.
the truck's head lights pierce the bliss of the country road.
peter stands and stares having witnessed the altercation between mj and her father.
and shelman the man who brought him, kicks him in the back.
the serpent uncoils his huge body out of the water and lifts its head towards him.
juno climbs ungracefully into the van.
a door opens behind peter.
as he's climbing into the trunk, thelma explains to louise.
he points to the sky.
as george is about to enter his father's office, uncle billy grabs him by the arm.
he then punches and kicks the donkey's body to bits in a fine display of drunken violence.
she freezes, watching the shadow ripple across the white fabric, blowing so softly in the breeze.
snape follows lupin.
crawling beneath the seats, she gives the wonder flick.
walt is in his bathroom.
they run to a storage trailer.
there's a sound of breaking glass.
as they creep a bit closer, they come across the sheriff hanging upside down from the roof of the tunnel.
the rug starts to burn.
everett slides over, startled.
lone and lorn, he returns everett's slack-jawed stare until heat ripples and the truck's dusty wake dissolve him away.
a man approaches them on the dock.
but the bear can't stop, keeps hitting chili.
debbie and pete open the front door.
it descends, and catches on the windshield, and the line tautens; then tugs.
the driver looks out and sees the ducati's front wheel waggling about in midair.
merry is swept up in the emotion.
if he were an american, ugarte would look like a tout.
the spider writhes in agony.
he's dumbfounded.
she glances towards the front door.
the kid backs away, looking at him.
he covers his eyes with his hand.
lila follows after him into the store.
cracking a brief smile, she sits back down.
pete takes a framed item off of his wall.
this carries a weight and apprehension that none of the rest of the conversation has.
she lifts her shirt and tickles her belly with it.
the driver's door opens.
a drop lands on his forehead.
he stops in his tracks as he sees jimmy and peter turn the corner ahead.
they look over at the delegates.
helen takes the typewriter, carries it toward the desk.
he turns the case, offering the grieving woman a cigarette.
open-mouthed, he scowls at neville, who remains on guard on the wooden bridge.
he puts down the pen and leans back in his chair with a defeated air.
ron chases the rat.
he moves quietly towards the window, eyes wide with tension.
a few customers are on the point of leaving.
cole reaches malcolm and the two then slip out of the house.
a crew member mans a heavy machine gun on top of the tug.
harry stands alone on the path, watching them go.
as george and violet come through the door, they are being watched by cousin tilly, cousin eustace and the bank examiner, who is still waiting to go to work on the books.
some passengers hang from ropes or leap into the icy sea.
the doe turns and moves slowly away.
two military ambulances are drawn up nearby.
ferris turns to a vegetable stall.
mark swivels around slowly on his desk chair, surprised.
he comes to a stop in a pile on the dirty gum stained floor of the subway landing.
they file in.
he begins tending westley's wounds.
morgan moves to the sofa and takes a seat in between his father and his uncle.
behind the barricade, gavroche is laid on the ground.
holmes walks over to one of the stagehands and flings him out of the way.
pulling off her helmet.
the shape steps out from behind the tree and stares at the house.
helen enters the room.
srinivas reluctantly sets up a car battery when jump leads beneath jamal's dangling feet.
laurie pulls open the door and steps into the house.
the interior of the car has been cleaned and lined with bedspreads and quilts.
dumbledore turns from the moving portraits to face harry.
she has a grip on one of gandhi's arms.
a massive force of energy shoots from the tip of the wand, illuminating the dark sky.
he starts to go.
standing there in the darkness is the shape watching them.
he goes to the bed.
peter looks at the hand, only inches from him.
audrey and kyle watch the vehicle, a van, drive between the jumble of cars in front of the diner.
chili turns and studies tommy a moment.
the door is being opened.
a great shadow falls across the map.closing in around the realm of gondor from their homes, pursued by armies of hideous orcs.
mr. robinson steps in beside the others.
they follow the malfoys down the gloomy alleyway.
his glass of milk is beside him on the table.
in the morning, debbie rushes to the kitchen island, where pete eats breakfast with the girls.
he glances around cautiously.
and as they fall into conversation, the show goes on.
parrish grins, continues on, is intercepted by allison who, on catching sight of him, bounces in from the terrace.
watson opens the exterior compartment door.
the waitress turns.
tom veers round, squashing watermelons, and nearly hits an oncoming car.
jeff's tension eases off a little, by he is eager to talk.
valjean takes her in his arms.
cal watches emily, who is not in the basement at all.
nearby, a man dressed in black sits reading.
with a self-angry sigh of resignment, she goes to a close car, looks at it.
barnes hauls himself to his knees.
gatsby looks down at daisy, who looks increasingly anxious.
he has a sense of humor.
she gives jane a warning glance as she leaves.
george regards the two of them with manly disgust.
ron sees naked images of hermione and harry kissing passionately.
the youths -- and kallenbach -- look back toward the ashram.
sobbing, daisy rests her arms on the poolside and lulls her head.
he takes some of sophie's promotional literature from the pile and regards it with a grimace.
holden smacks banky and moves to exit.
he breathes heavily as he opens the driver's door.
he is covered in blue paint with his hair bound up on his head.
astride the glider is a figure in the stolen green flights like a goblin that has a sharp, featured head, long pointy ears, large yellows eyes and nose and bare teeth.
frodo, sam and gollum climb the stony stairs high above the marching army.
dragging his injured foot.
as harry watches them go, filch returns with professor mcgonagall.
he rises to his feet and head bowed strides determinedly out into the hallway.
a shade has gone up, and a man, obviously a caretaker is raising a window with some effort.
death eaters fly over the engine.
most are frenetic.
finally, a dark figure can be seen through the opaque glass.
he clasps his hands again.
it's the german captain, uniform tattered, a wreck.
greene arrives at a large very modern leisure complex.
harry desperately shakes the buzz.
he shows the key, dangling from a chain around his neck.
the three men shuffle down the dusty road.
she steps into the street.
he tosses a bottle in the pool.
they are all awed, timid even in his actual presence, and the mood of their gathering has changed altogether.
and looks at him.
szpilman goes into the kitchen.
he looks at gandhi.
marjorie puts the candle decked cake down in front of jenny.
jeff turns his attention back to thorwald, but gives up any attempt at listening.
he lights it.
indy swims, looking for an escape route.
daisy turns to see nick walk through the trees.
at a rest stop an old woman wrapped in a heavy shawl chews on some food.
shimmering lights play on the rippling surface of the swimming pool.
the old woman steps out of the shadows behind edward, flipping up her eye patch.
he lowers his drink.
they stare into each other's eyes for a moment.
he tentatively takes the snitch.
he kisses her naked back.
the nazi soldier screams as he is dragged under the rolling tank.
his expression brightens as he watches her.
adam turns once more to look at reggie as he goes.
eomer astride his horse, calls to the assembled.
dumbledore holds it back.
he stops, hearing a sound, and looks up.
evan stares dumbstruck at the machine.
rambo runs out to a hut and dives underneath it.
a watch with a moving sweep-hand, ticking.
the man seated next to hagrid yelps.
an orange pontiac trans am tears out and drives off down the street.
joe knows what this means.
he freezes in the middle of the road as the speeding ambulance hurdles towards her.
their faces are cold and set.
then ames returns to normal.
jane frowns when she sees him.
emily goes in,
diana pulls a document out of a large, yellow envelope and inspects it.
diana applies makeup while sandy lies on a bench in a pair of dirt-covered khakis.
the two children don't say anything for a while.
delmar stares also, but finally brings out another.
he slaps the cop's face.
lester sits across from him, smiling.
he squeezes nick's shoulder.
sadie watches something on her tablet.
lee and holly unsuccessfully try to contain their laughter.
holmes is now inside the plinth.
mj gives a little shrug of her shoulders.
jenny is taken back by the suddenness of it.
up at the front of the diner, jeep silently helps michael nail broken table planks across the shattered window.
he raises the eye axe.
ryan stops for a moment and looks at the sparse white room.
forrest looks at lt. dan.
suze's eyes mist over.
aibileen thinks on his words.
indy walks past aisles of book-lined shelves.
frodo looks at his friends.
she shakes her head hopelessly as he looks intently into her face.
after a beat, the barrel of a gun rises up behind his head, aimed at the base of his skull.
he dashes to the giant rock the rope was originally tied to.
the alien turns.
humperdinck, whirling to face her.
another odd sound -- then another -- which transitions us to.
inside, men in shiny black body suits and visored helmets work on his colleagues, who stand frozen in time.
bn and the mercenaries overlook the field.
he swerves past police helicopters and soars over fire engines as they tear through the streets.
audrey carries the baby over to sandra, who stares at it, frowning.
two others join him, taking elise's hands as the center dancer lowers her, then raises her again.
a customer comes to the counter and waits.
jenny turns and looks at forrest.
gandhi sitting facing patel and azad, desai in the background, making notes of the discussion.
norm, who has been eating steadily throughout, looks over at marge with mild interest.
later, they read the script.
in a treatment room, ferris sits up on a bed.
as the knight bus rockets off, tom and harry are revealed, harry glances up, reads the sign above: the leaky cauldron.
although he's not the vibrant man we've seen before, it's not as bad we feared.
indy steps to the door and stands, listening.
he pauses on the porch.
they're driven away.
he takes the folded mug shot from his back pocket.
holden throws the car into park.
ruth nods, smiling.
as adam begins to examine the items one by one.
finally, he sucks on it, pulling it free with his teeth.
the youths laughing, whispering.
rooney has a snack, and peter holds a drink.
the doctor turns his head slowly to gandhi.
beams of energy shoot out from the robot's eye slit, detonating the missiles.
blood covers her face and chest.
the sword in both hands, ron races towards harry, who cowers.
the reinforcements are cut to ribbons in the truck.
descending to the ground.
before they can escape, they're spotted by the guards, who open fire, forcing the fugitives to take cover.
ben stands, looking out from his patio.
young don price shines his flashlight on edward.
he tosses something into the illuminated pool.
kurt is with dale.
cormac swaggers up to ron.
three fiery images of voldemort appear, surging towards them.
she stands awkwardly, biting her lip, her eyes brimming with tears.
jack watches suspiciously as a convoy of military lorries passes by on the road.
he gently spins it through the air.
jordan stands up and waves as she's driven by.
spotting howard with his camera, sam narrows his eyes.
jenny puts her hand on forrest's hand.
harry gets out of bed.
merry thrusts a small package into pippin's hand.
inside, along one of the shaded walkways, david, in his security uniformis leaning on a wall, casually watching spectators as they crowd in through a gate.
she flops down at the table.
the two motorcycle cops pull up behind.
turk takes the bills from the table and stuffs them into eddie's breast pocket.
a man falls and is stamped on by a mob.
the enormous glassy eyed man takes hold of the screen door handle.
she turns on the bed lamp.
he shakes a guy's hand.
she nudges the kids forward.
harry sees a hoard of students in a large room strung with hammocks.
embarrassed to admit it.
he makes his way into the now-darkened drawing room and places the candle on a mantelpiece.
pippin has spied something under the trees on the far side of the road.
harry reads the ticket.
the two hobbits row through the water.
giant columns define the temple's perimeter.
he opens the back door and helps a raven-haired man in handcuffs step out.
the colonel holds out a small plastic cup with a cap.
smiles spread across their faces.
carl strides up to them.
later, zoe is on her bed looking at the photo album.
louis looks relieved.
the outline of the transport plane is barely visible.
holmes walks over to a footman in 18th century costume including a white parted wig and handsome letter.
he turns and smiles.
his head is now resting against hardwood floor, not rug.
she starts to pour water from the pitcher into the glass again, then she turns suddenly, her attention caught.
then jane notices her address book open to the h page.
she walks down a short corridor and turns down a long hallway.
he opens his eyes.
neatly displayed on a counter of one of the booths.
purvis eagerly talks the call.
he walks over to gail.
indy, henry, brody and sallah are brought forward by the nazi soldiers.
drover smiles suavely at her, and she grins broadly.
duke bounds into emily's garden.
harry removes the phial from snape's cheek.
he drapes his coat around her shoulders, and she thanks him with a nod.
tommy suddenly lunges at the teen punk who must be at least a foot taller than he is.
bob shakes his head.
later, he jumps out of the store's backdoor, and, still clutching the toy elephant, leaps into the bmw.
he takes some travel folders from his pocket, looks at them and throws them away.
a pair of ill-fitting, horn-rimmed reading glasses rest half way down her nose, and she has to tilt her head back slightly as she applies lip-stick, with their aid.
michael runs along the walkway and sees lights coming from the other direction.
his mouth is agape.
merry, pippin, and frodo picking themselves up.
henry, behind the counter, leans into skeeter.
snape's footprints appear near the headmaster's study.
his eyes go down to her feet.
both in dress and manner she seems quite happy and adjusted to life.
she walks away slowly from ben's motel room bed and out of sight.
fred and george run into the hall in triumph.
he gets up slowly and looks around the gloomy shop.
they walk to the balustrade.
there are golf courses with sand bunkers and most of the houses have pools at the rear.
evan enters his dorm.
ba is sitting sullenly on a carpet near the rear entrance to the building.
he reopens the door.
brian struts into the boardroom, shakes cussins' hand and sits at the end of the long board table.
he knocks on a glass door.
carter, the bank examiner, makes a donation; the sheriff sheepishly looks at george and tears his warrant in small pieces.
kate brings her hands up to cup nick's face and she stands.
mr. white is blown out of frame, leaving it empty.
the road rushes under the camera.
members of the orchestra glance toward the steps, toward rick, who nods to them.
he turns around and raises a gun at malcolm.
and then almost before our eyes his innocence of the world fuses with his anger at the injustice of it all.
they drive off for the evening.
in nicole's apartment, framed photographs on the table show a younger, smiling nicole with her mother.
under billie's thick, dark eyelashes and graceful nose, a faint smile curls the corners of her lips.
alyssa storms away, stopping briefly to look banky up and down.
tinker tries to maintain order.
dante and randal walk up the path to the funeral parlor.
two serious-looking, suited men walk over.
they sit at one of many tables under a blue umbrella.
the jewish policemen using batons and whips to herd the men.
brian smirks coyly.
watson opens fire.
the drill sergeant rushes up to forrest.
marge clinks it.
dil comes out of the pub.
they hear the crunch of tires as a car pull up.
the whistle of the approaching train is heard.
neville slowly closes the newspaper.
an operative in a protective suit gets into the chamber with gort to repair the drill mechanism.
graham turns and drops the flashlight at the same time.
a patient climbs the stairs.
the villagers have their hands behind their heads.
a lanky blonde man with stringy hair tied back in a ponytail turns from the strike to walk back to the bench.
mark looks jolted, as if it's the first time he considered that her baby might have a father.
then he closes the phone and hands it to her.
the man in black comes running around the path, sees vizzini, slows.
his clothes are covered in ash.
at the table sits the emperor joseph ii, eating his frugal dinner and sipping goat's milk.
george and his mother sit down at the table.
he stops opposite a house in a quiet neighborhood.
he lifts his head weakly.
he holds it out at arm's length, displaying it to larry.
emily, who is slender and wearing a nightdress, gets out of the lift and walks listlessly down a hospital corridor.
the roots and branches loosen their hold.
michael snatches the pump-action.
he disappears into the subway entrance.
the arks decends dramatically throwing the crowds in the hallway off their feet.
she makes as if to rise indignantly.
they begin to walk toward the boarding gates.
willie stops buttering toast.
rebecca, her long hair crimped, runs to a side table and tries to stuff a canape into the tear.
the top is lifted, whiskey pours.
he walks away from thao's house, pushing the colt into his belt.
hermione and harry face rufus scrimgeour in the living room.
harry swallows nervously.
aunt marge rises into the air.
forrest turns and look at the nurse.
joe begins climbing down the rope.
gatsby gives a sharp nod and turns to go.
he won't look at her.
she cracks up.
gandalf looks up sharply at aragorn.
ba's spinning never stops.
she lifts her phone.
another man, grun, joins in.
angle on: frodo as he struggles to unlock the bony, white fingers around his neck but smeagol's grip is too strong.
he watches cho.
a car turns into a dirt driveway.
later on, in a bedroom, a black rug is spread out on the floor.
the cop walks away.
she watches him head off.
mustached astor returns.
john leaps from the pier onto the boat, then clambers upstairs as mj descends towards him.
he walks a few yards and hears voices down an alley.
soft light shines out from the house as ben, carrying a shoulder bag, sneaks through emily's pretty garden towards the workshop.
evelyn for the first time appears a little embarrassed.
he suddenly looks grave.
peter looks at terrence.
he swings the belt up from his crotch like an elephant's trunk, hitting sandy in the face.
then neville stands up.
rambo stands on his hand and aims at him.
quietly, he opens it a little.
a heavily bandaged soldier with bloodstains lies there.
they whip and snap back into frodo's face as he cuts himself free.
they step back and look at each other.
the pov moves slowly down the hall to the bedroom door and peers around inside.
he wraps the shirt around her.
his face is bloody.
they take off.
with her feet still moving, she throws open the door, and then rhythmically moving back to the center of the room, gnaws the chicken bone, occasionally waving it in the air as part of the choreography.
an extreme close shot shows his nostrils dilating as we hear him sniff.
the boy is whimpering, hurt, frightened.
she holds a large bath-towel around her very appetizing torso, down to about two inches above her knees.
they take their feet off the table and put them back on as soon as arthur has walked past.
hi and ed are already peeling out.
the elaborately embossed ceiling of a grand restaurant.
his face is clammy.
forrest runs down the drive away from his house.
she has a loose thread on her jacket.
he takes a wedding invitation from an envelope and studies it.
lightoller pushes away a group of men.
aragorn and arwen embrace.
if we saw her face, her lips would be pursed and working with anger.
at the hospital a nurse tends to fantine, who lies on her back.
they zoom away, and weave over and under the millennium bridge.
mj opens wedding acceptance cards.
he slams a man in a car door, runs to the stairs and takes down green's driver.
lizzie catches wickham's eye with a smile.
henry follows indy down the staircase.
billie allows a thoughtful smile.
oliver runs off.
daisy is tearful.
suddenly, the big dog stops, and lift his head.
westley whirling, slashing at a u-shaped vine, hacks it in half--it's still connected to the tree.
they look up: another hole leading down, dug straight through a house.
laszlo reaches the entrance to the cafe as rick comes out.
he smashes through a pane of glass.
wearing helen's little bright dress, jenny smiles nervously.
it crumbles to dust.
ron falls back against some broomsticks and throws them to his friends.
harry and hermione hurry down the path and hide behind the pile of pumpkins.
it points straight at the man.
in the garage, jeep is looking at the apparently pristine top of the beamer's engine block and it's air intake.
he enters the presidential cabin.
sydney races out of the doorway.
jack lifts his hands and smiles.
he joins david.
hagrid's lamp throws a feeble beam, as he leads them amongst the trees, deeper and deeper into the dark forest.
when they are free, her arms flop down.
ferris smashes a window.
halfbreed grabs hold of indy's feet, but indy kicks at him and he loses his grasp.
jacob squeezes his hands into fists.
seeing a light come on in harken's place, he shuts the player and pays attention.
gabriel takes one in the shoulder, but it doesn't slow him down.
the guard goes away, and camera follows him out of the room and out into the hallway.
he's carrying in one hand a large portable warming oven, and in the other hand an ice bucket containing a bottle of wine covered with a napkin.
he looks around and then slides open the garage door.
it catapults into the air and drops towards a group of bystanders.
nearby a huge fuss is being made of a large pumpkin which has been brought in to be shown off.
jimmy's mum scoops him up and hurries away, leaving dear old santa to his salad.
walker's carriage is tethered nearby, a black driver standing in the sun, waiting.
it won't go through the gates, one fender scraping against the gate post.
he starts the car and drives out.
shacklebolt stares up as the death eaters' blots strike them.
they go on.
in front of them, looking larger every moment, is the awesome splendor of the grand canyon.
viewed from the surveillance camera, the van is a dot on an expanse of light brown earth.
hoover whispers to a bespectacled man.
he takes a sip of water.
as eowyn and merry leave the tent, eomer and gamling are sitting nearby, finishing a meal.
later, he approaches his co-worker in the garage.
szpilman stumbles into the street and runs.
he takes a deep drag, then breathes it out.
ilsa lingers a moment, then comes over to the table.
he taps his thumb on the lectern.
he looks quizzically up at harry.
seeing the hustlers.
the hyperemic cartridge is loaded into a weapon.
edward smiles, doing a good job masking the pain.
a deafening roar fills the air!
the prince, fastening a pearl necklace around her.
jesse heads for the alarm panel near the doorway and punches the key labeled arm.
cole is too terrified to move.
mad-eye picks up the spider which is still making a noise.
harry leads him into a service tunnel with pipework along the walls.
while holly is talking, hannah hands her the last turkey apple, accidentally sticking her with one of the toothpicks that keeps the decorations in place.
the scrape-scrape-scrape sound carries in the frigid air.
it irritates jeff as he looks in the direction of the new music.
aragorn, legolas and gimli are now surrounded by an army of the dead.
she laughs, gets up.
then in slow motion flash throws another punch which peter just swerves away from.
a handsome black guy holds a receiver to his ear.
manning the searchlight, pleasant catches a bullet and collapses.
inside the tiny tent, he sees a vast interior furnished with carpets, beds, and sofas.
but harry is not of balance and drops the sword.
his face withdraws down her chest.
he sees evelyn first.
he clicks to enlarge another pop-up.
holmes places the dart in his bag.
still running, the jims turn back in perfect unison, as lester runs into frame, wearing a baggy sweatshirt and a pair of faded old sweatpants.
we see the dark apartment beyond him.
peter, his eyes widening with alarm, swings down towards him.
he opens the door for the queen.
a man sticks his hand up.
they look into each other's eyes and kiss, as everyone applauds.
she gets up off the bed and wanders over to the window.
benjamin watches unblinkingly as they part, holding each other's gaze, only to embrace again in a capricious dance of attraction and repulsion.
as the car below quits the alley, purvis shoots, then hurries out of the apartment.
mr. ollivander chooses another box.
outside, he wanders over to a rough looking bloke leaning against a wall.
the ambulance careens through a junction, causing two cars to crash.
the executioner, a man wearing a black cloak and hat, yanks ferris's head up by his hair.
the woman, kate armstrong, raises her eyebrows.
david notices jenny looks at the envelopes.
perspiring profusely, felipe glowers intensely, then clicks a red trigger with his thumb.
mr. white gets mr. orange in a headlock.
kneeling on either side of harry's body, framed by an arc of girders and the dawn light of the clouds beyond, the two childhood friends bow their heads in shared sorrow.
he pulls the casket forward, unfastens it, and opens the lid.
he turns back to keyes and neff.
he casts a spell which causes a bright flash and a large ghostly skull forms in the sky with a snake crawling from it.
both of his eyes are black.
dil grabs a large goldfish bowl and flings it down.
the wardrobe by the door bursts into flames.
the gimp is a man they keep dressed from head to toe in black leather bondage gear.
a woman is leaning out of an upstairs window, looking down at the fracas disconcertedly.
a young dark-haired woman gets out carrying a bag and a suitcase.
wearing his school cloak, ron steps into the fireplace and takes a handful of powder.
the crowd watches in riveted silence.
peter takes the ring and gazes gratefully at his aunt, who smiles back at him, warmly.
as gandhi leaves, jinnah, nehru and prakash watch him clinically.
bullets explode off the vehicles and cliff.
it moves across a dark examining-room wall to a second doorway, where mickey sits on a stool, continuing to talk to the offscreen dr. abel.
walt pulls a colt .45 pistol.
on the airfield the airplane engine turns over and the propellers start turning.
dillinger aims at the police over the president's shoulder.
oliver walks out.
he and dyle go to it, camera following.
as harry walks towards it, the sphere stars to glow, illuminating the swirling mist inside it.
the kids run to a window to look out.
they gather round.
she walks up the steep bank.
the tailgate is raised and the trucks head off.
he kisses her neck.
he nods toward a car, a daimler, parked some distance away.
they are impressed in their different ways.
in an adjoining room, lady catherine is listening.
jamal remembers seeing the young boy dressed as the god rama.
mike and abby sit in the sf saloon and grill.
forrest's unit walks along a dirt road.
he scoops out a spider.
they are seated at a table.
later, he takes a bite of food.
merill waves his arms.
she has faded good looks, has fairly nice clothes, but is badly in need of advice on hair dressing.
his arm is free.
sensing a presence, she spins around and stares at the pov, covering her breasts quickly.
flames roar into the air and king george, watching the soldiers work in the ruin, rubs dye into his cheeks.
harry turns, finds a pinstriped silhouette (cornelius fudge) at the window, staring at the ghostly shadows beyond.
in the forest, harry sees the doe approach.
darcy looks taken aback.
laurie suddenly moves away from the corner.
we see quintana, in pressed jeans and a stretchy sweater, walking up a stoop in a residential neighborhood and zinging the bell.
escobar and evelyn move a few feet to one side and whisper, almost as though they were trying to keep the corpse from hearing them.
they make it out through the doors and fall off the broomsticks.
the stag remains still.
he lands on his back.
for a brief moment we see a wall of flames and hear it roar.
gale is already starting to peel out as evelle gets in.
the creatures hang neville by the back of his cloak from the light fitting.
she turns her head to look out the window: the red door of the burnham house stands out, even in the pouring rain.
he rips the door from its hinges, bends down, and releases audrey's seat belt.
the sultan gets up from his chair and walks toward the trunk.
in the lobby, he races to a metal detector, and wrenches off his jacket and empties his pockets.
harry and hermione come to a mad, huffing halt.
kate takes it, somewhat reluctantly, and begins to eat.
ryan frowns and looks between natalie and mr. samuels on the screen.
spin their boat around in a sharp half-circle to see kazim's speedboat appear racing toward them.
he brushes them off his shoulder as he passes through cops.
there stands the wooden indian gloria spoke about, pointing up.
cal's eyes are full of tenderness.
don is seated at the desk.
he takes the bag out from under his coat and hands it to the lady.
mr. bennet looks embarrassed.
his eyes stray in an upward direction as he puts down the coffee cup.
near the little piano stands don's waiter, the head waiter, the piano player and the lovers.
she hugs him.
dazed, he slowly backs away, holding his hand to his heart.
jane stands across the room from her.
smalls is pleasantly shaking his head.
the normal bumps of the tracks become amplified.
jeff, his glass in hand, looks out sympathetically.
nick winds the spaghetti around his fork and begins to eat.
he places it on the lap of his wife, sitting up in bed.
dumbledore has a blackened hand.
and that's when he moves, a fucking blur!
molly rushes in front of the tv and starts dancing.
willie shakes his head.
ron changes gear and steers the car down towards the railway line.
he steps forward.
being tackled by barnes and the man veronica was with.
bellatrix leads a group through the courtyard to the room at the rear.
she gazes anxiously across the wintry landscape.
a bus clears frame, revealing the kid as he walks toward the mall.
his eyes catch site of a companion set by the fireplace.
scabior scrutinizes harry's disfigured face.
sarah and school boy run down a leafy path.
roscoe appears atop the reptile car and manages to grab indy.
and on a silent count of one, two, three -- edward looks into the eye.
a carriage pulls up and caroline gets out.
bilbo walks down toward the boat and boards with elrond.
thorwald comes up the corridor, and stands unlocking his door.
a black and white bird becomes a glass goblet.
she glares at him.
mrs. collins is seated at the dining room surrounded by friends and family.
the wind whips her clothes and hair.
they're out of breath -- they try one garage door, windows caked with dirt.
salim steps out to sing.
she leaps backward to avoid the blade and slips over the edge of the railing.
the scar on the upper part of her left breast shows just above the sheet.
gebczynski unlocks the door and they go in.
sandy stands motionless with his gaze fixed on the wreckage.
emily smiles through her tears, which roll down her cheeks.
he tosses the red lens into the shrubbery and hurries back toward the house.
thao goes out,
he gets to his feet and takes a torch from his rock sack.
he turns a little towards keyes.
he kneels with his hands tied and the noose around his neck.
hermione hits him with a book.
the heavyset nurse leans out of edward's hospital room.
they put on dry clothes.
karl continues to write as klaatu adjusts some of his equations.
they move up the mass of metal, revealing a vast view of the wreck.
she looks ahead.
spider-man fights back and still has to deflect the rotating blades.
peter stands staring at his unopened locker.
kate has absentmindedly held the blowtorch to her side.
celeborn steps forward to greet the guests.
he grabs onto the shredded gun protruding from the side of the tank.
he swivels back, looking up, and his speech stops short.
he grabs a blanket from the back of the couch and drapes it around her shoulders, covering her nakedness.
jeff gives an exasperated look.
they drive on to the filthy gray valley of ashes.
the children recede towards the river in background.
a photographer takes their picture.
the gun discharges.
bilbo sobs and frodo moves to comfort him.
the bag lady, with the shopping trolley, comes by in a pink dress with a green and blue petticoat.
he catches her eye, then turns away.
szpilman has unloaded the sacks of potatoes into the corner and is kneeling, about to untie the string on the smallest sack.
he arrives back home at night, driving his old blue honda and parks up behind their new people carrier.
a small, candle-lit table is set up, with dinner for two.
james smiles at lily, who gazes back at him.
something glows inside the sorting hat.
harry and ron hide as crabbe and goyle appear with armfuls of cake.
wade gustafson is mid-sixtyish, vigorous, with a full head of gray hair.
denethor throws pippin outside.
ron lifts the goblet to his lips and drinks.
with a somber expression, skeeter flips back to the front cover of the life magazine, which shows the distraught widow comforting her young son.
the disgruntled garbage man goes.
he scans some china penguins.
lee, surprised, pushes him away.
the box unexpectedly collapses; all four sides flop away.
the room is empty.
shadows flit across the slit of moonlight between two planks across the window on the left of the mantle piece.
percy comes outside.
he spits.
rick smiles slightly and goes toward the door.
the hat blocks indy's face.
from behind more trees, a man in a black hat and black overcoat with a smartly dressed woman in a stylish bearing.
mickey, standing behind his desk, his back to the camera, his coat still on, looks out at the manhattan skyline.
big dan takes a break from whacking at delmar to deliver a blow to everett.
on the bus the boys are in, overmyer hands colonel nelec some paperwork.
most are smiling.
she reaches for a gun.
the german captain takes out a flashlight, sees the ladder in place, leading up to the loft.
cosette follows valjean inside.
spider-man sits up straight.
phyllis is on the phone.
voldemort flicks the wand.
he gets cautiously to his feet.
faramir bows low to denethor, then turns to leave, stops, turns back.
he cannot go on.
shaking his cup, she turns with a playful smile and sashays back and forth.
in her hand are two books wrapped, and another small package.
forrest's boat glides, crushing a dock.
in the cab - valjean sits gazing far away at nothing.
a smartly dressed man and woman rise from a nearby table.
mike frowns, taken aback.
she scans about the room.
he opens the clock on the mantel and adjusts the time.
ilsa gets a cloak from the bedroom, and leaves the hotel room.
on a rainy street corner, miss stein puts two piles of slim hardbacks with pale blue covers into the window of a bookshop.
the old wand maker sits by a window.
at school, jessica takes books out of her locker.
gower is a different man now sober, shaven and good-humored.
it's attached to web like threads coming from his wrist.
the carriage pulls away.
letters emerge from brief flashes of grainy surveillance footage.
and then stands and is out of the arena checking his watch as he goes.
with a delighted smile, she walks into his arms and they kiss.
the two germans in the car and their female companion light up.
jane switches on the light in the living room, its empty and she wanders anxiously up and down, then picks up a magazine from the couch, sits in a chair, thumbs through it distractedly.
he tangles as octavious who struggles through and climbs up to the roof.
they each hold a cup of polyjuice.
laurel looks like she was just dragged out of bed (which she was) and saw a spaceman (which she did).
hilly's reading it in bed.
marty enters and takes a seat next to her.
harry walks into the gryffindor common room.
in his study, watson sits typing his memoirs.
he lugs off his t-shirt, drops the shirt on the floor and opens the curtain door of his wardrobe.
tuvia emerges from out of the hazy smoke, his piercing blue eyes darting from side to side.
he is sexy.
four cops stand at reception.
she dances playfully with him.
she shoves the matches into the pack and tosses it on the dashboard.
they stare fearfully at the dark, tomb-like structure.
a cat, stiff as a board, is hanging by its tail from a lamp racket.
one of the trailer doors creaks open and jeep steps wearily out into the cool western morning.
concerned, watson goes over to her and examines holmes, who's completely unresponsive.
an old woman is kissed.
graham walks slowly across the polished wooden floor into the front hallway.
his quarry is on a roof across from and above him.
marcus nods to lois and she drops the van into gear, hits the gas, and crushes gin between the two vechicles.
nullah rides up to sarah.
the undulating shape rises up as though to stand, then slumps down again.
the four men sit about listening to a big box radio.
ron sees he hasn't enough money.
she strides past him to the windowed office.
he picks up a glass of whiskey as nicole, fresh from taking a shower, exits the bathroom.
sylvie has been reading over reggie's shoulder.
she turns to look again out of the window.
she studies a sketch of a woman breastfeeding an infant.
cole smiles and holds out his hand.
bullets richochet off the cornices of the houses, bore into the barricade and wound several men.
david turns and looks around the station.
hermione flourishes her wand.
the mattress and pillows of harry's four-poster bed have been slashed.
margaret sits, facing trina.
he quickly whisks the handkerchief away to reveal the egg still sitting on the floor.
marcus walks up to him.
she steps back inside and crosses to the washing machine.
the tall civil servant has been waiting for them.
he acknowledges her salute
jamal and latika snoozing on the mattress.
flitwick backs away between ranks of the stone army as a giant approaches.
joe lets go of the locket's chain and it floats up towards the water tower.
the old man wears a cardigan, the woman a shawl.
barnes spots taylor on the monitor dressed as a cop.
gittes drops the mail he's been loafing through and puts his hand over the receiver.
kyle gives audrey a dark look.
gittes stops and gets out of the car.
the queen stands in the room.
then, without touching the keys, his fingers floating just above them, he plays.
ron gazes up at him in amazement.
he shows him jamal's autographed photo of amitabh.
rick and yvonne approach the waiting cab.
it falls into a side table, knocking over a glass of water.
in the country, david talks with a farmer, then appears with mayor bloomberg outside city hall.
the ceiling fan gyrates unsteadily.
in a rundown part of town, men are drinking, smoking and playing games in a bar.
rambo looks back up the road the way he came, then at the farm.
bert and the man are putting up travel posters to cover up the broken windows.
at home, hermione reads the headlines in the daily prophet.
ron looks as if he's going to be sick.
and from somewhere they summon strength, pick up their pace, and as they reach the edge of the fire swamp.
sam is enraged.
peter arches his back as they are doing a lingo dance and evades it.
eddie moves to leave.
he crashes between them sending men sprawling.
harry spits out the snitch.
as theoden rides past the ranks of soldiers he runs his lance along their spears.
there is a light on in the house.
donovan smiles benignly and flips through the grail diary.
indy looks around at the postcard-perfect setting and smiles.
reggie and adam exchange looks.
the gimp gets on its knees.
purvis stops, looking down.
jacob puts her back down.
it's knocked away and passed high in the air to a slytherin.
he makes his way towards the rows of seats.
lupin is a rigid silhouette, his fingers twitching.
thenardier approaches valjean and lures him into the mouth of the alleyway where madame thenardier is sat on the ground holding the crying infant.
he stands on his veranda, watching the boy trudge away across the compound before turning and heading back inside.
louise puts in a tape of wild r&b music.
he puts it back.
michael begins to peel off his overcoat, revealing his bare chest underneath.and skin literally covered with dark tatoos.
gatsby lies in a coffin.
students are moving quickly from building to building.
merrill looks down at morgan and considers.
he's in a puddle of water and the seat of his trousers is wet.
he drops to a seated position, his gun still raised, then notices tommy who lies on his stomach in a pool of blood.
tracking from in front.
in rick's hand is a gun, which he levels at renault.
they reach the school gates.
morgan's terrified eyes focused on the gap at the bottom of the front door as green gray fingers appear underneath it.
find joe, who is looking everywhere for his dad -- he finally sees louis and hurries to him.
they stop and look around to see a gigantic tsunami heading for the coastline.
griphook is driving a cart along a twisting rail track, hurtling through dark, underground tunnels.
the pasty-faced young man, timothy, makes his way down the bus.
it turns into a stern-looking woman wearing a cloak and a tall pointed black hat with a large brim.
by now john is on the top step beside rachel.
the front door swings open and there stands darryl looking like he's been shot out of a cannon.
gandhi seems trapped by an ineluctable fact.
a girl in her late teens chases a girl of about 10 through a house.
jenny and david in film stars sunglasses wander among booksellers on the banks of the seine.
he notices a newspaper hanging over the side.
mary walks slowly to the window, realizing that the terrible voice is coming from the house behind the cabins.
it looks like a journal or diary.
a steward runs past them.
sarah, jaw set, gets out of the truck.
caroline leaps up and goes.
merrill swings round.
the headmistress straightens archly.
he blinks, composes himself and lowers his hands.
jay raises the neuralyzer.
butch puts on his high school jacket.
it covers most of the next page.
the nine couples move in unison watched by other guests, a magnificent chandelier hanging over their heads.
willie grabs the folio and flips through it.
hi enters frame with the two handguns stuck in his belt, holding his pump-action shotgun.
the train is moving faster, shaking more than it did.
michael lets go of jeep's hand and turns away to face gabriel, leaving jeep to contemplate those final words.
tony dazed, gets to his feet and wanders aimlessly towards him.
there are two cars there.
he comes to the driver's side window.
the car carrying a bleeding latika reverses to the station.
a girl comes out after her.
four casually-dressed teenage kids -- daniel, david, ashley and josh -- walk up the aisle.
in his cabin, tuvia is polishing a chess piece with a cloth.
he peers through slats in the wooden door behind it, then, gingerly closes the screen.
miss lonely hearts is standing in the yard outside her apartment, looking up to the porch of miss torso.
her head nestles underneath his arm, she has a sense of his comforting her without knowing that he is doing so.
as the crowd parts, he finds himself face to face with.
the bird flies up and hovers briefly in front of benjamin, then flies off.
the garden they are in has gone to seed a bit, but with latticed fretwork in the walls dappling sunlight on the grass and shrubs it is still beautiful.
indy struggles to free his hands.
zus looks from aron to tuvia, waiting for a response.
reaching the bench, he joins a sandy-haired prisoner and sets the box down.
hermione has plucked a hair from harry's head.
two black 4 by 4 arrived at an airfield.
denethor looks at pippin blankly, overcome with grief.
in the movie house, dillinger watches the screen with a furrowed brow.
butch lowers his voice, which only serves to make him more menacing.
the man in black, stepping past the corpse, taking the blindfold and bindings off buttercup, who notices vizzini lying dead.
officer moody steps onto the bridge and answers the phone.
the editor pulls a face.
with a roar, denethor snatches a flaming torch.
he reads it up.
anna quietly takes a sip from her coffee.
walt pops some tobacco in his mouth
fezzik reaches up along the cliff face, grabs a jutting rock, reaches behind it.
the car with his security men guns up.
another punch sends spider-man reeling and knocks the cable from his grasp.
above his head, harry sees galleries and a chandelier hanging from the roof.
thelma jumps awake.
it is a bunch of garbage and shells.
he strolls through a woman's wear shop for larger ladies.
pippin and merry wake with a start.
frodo slips as he tries to follow the voice.
the shape darts away from the kitchen window, the dog snapping right after him.
his brother flings a large firework into the air.
norman looks about, tray in hand, sees there is no reasonable place to spread out a supper.
one of the students goes to pick him up and carries him back behind the barricade.
long-hair charlie scarfs a pickle.
his face is blank as he watches the pat down ahead of him.
she kisses a cut on his hand better.
they looked towards a boarded up window to the right of the mantle piece, their gaze passes across the fireplace as they turned to follow the noises.
the policemen are playing cards.
the cheap price tags are still on them.
kate leads zoe towards the kitchen.
her father stares at jane's agonized expression.
at last he remembers to replace the horn.
grimsrud apply brakes.
whip sits at the bar and moves a cocktail napkin back and forth, as he studies the glass of vodka.
a rickety double gate in the high crumbling wall.
david runs up some stairs, finding the lead man at the top.
she holds up a hand, silencing him.
jenny smiles happily as she applauds the singer.
the nurse walks off, and rooney watches her go.
the grin fades, and he leans towards the window again.
colorful painted lines run through captions.
he pushes it open.
circular fields spread across the land.
watson looks out of the window then at holmes.
now at his supper club, dillinger grins as he dines with his friends.
inside is klaatu in a wheelchair with four agents.
they run off past charlie's motorbike.
staying hidden from the remaining military, donny scrambles for his cb, turns to channel 9, grabs the mike, speaks quietly, frantic.
the tug restarts its engines, sending a plume of black smoke out of its funnel.
its horrible head, which looks like a squashed, green potato, is almost touching the high ceiling.
camera pans with george as he vaults over the counter quickly, speaking to the people.
in the basement, daniel, david and josh open a trunk,
donny's car pulls up, lights go off.
she lifts it to her eye.
his eyes fill with a storm of emotions.
jude turns around to look at him.
george grabs clarence by the coat collar and shakes him.
slughorn glances around furtively.
cal puts the tools back in the shed.
the nazgul swerves away from the light, as it pierces the low cloud!
simon turns serious.
mr. darcy gives his usual, stilted bow in return.
two beacons move together in a close parallel path.
they turn and run back up the passageway.
sandman's hollow eyes look melancholy as they gaze down at the picture.
player one checks player two into the boards, hard.
the guy leans back so cal can sit down.
the dude, also holding a large plastic cup of bud, wears some of its foam on his mustache.
inside the room, wormtail hovers as the young man kneels beside the armchair, revealing the dark mark tattooed on his arm.
emily continues sleeping peacefully.
jackson pulls up on the runway at santa monica airport
tuvia takes a slug.
she hits him and runs.
they all change physically until each one looks like harry.
at the table, pete sits by his wife, his boyishly ardent gaze fixed on the stage.
now lizzie is reading a book in the drawing room.
he stops her with a kiss.
debbie goes behind the register.
he sees the emotion in her face.
david swigs from the bottle then drops it on the passenger seat.
the missing plaster renews itself on the ceiling, and harry smiles.
norman's eyes glaze on his way up to harry's apartment.
harry, pettigrew, lupin, hermione, ron, sleepwalking snape.
later, nick holds a spoonful of sauce out to zoe.
stroking the white owl's feathers, professor mcgonagall smiles at harry.
peter looks over at mary jane, but she shakes her head, her eyes full of tears.
he opens a razor.
the television shows an assassination attempt on president gerald ford.
he looks at her with his big eyes.
the creature steps into the now fully formed spaceship it's created on top of the water tower and the door closes behind it.
the women grab them and disappear.
a few petals fall off.
the defense secretary stares at the officer, then lowers her eyes in resignation.
watson opens the door and is immediately assailed by the fronds of a palm tree.
he rests for a second, breathing hard.
it heads towards a tall, isolated tower.
bubba leans his back up against forrest's back.
of lothlorien hazy image: galadriel walking towards him, bare-foot on the.
he looks from her to the picture.
forrest stands up and begins to walk with the platoon.
they suddenly fix on something.
he rides past a white picket fence.
ben goes into the house through the back door.
chili gets to his feet.
joe and charles enter.
kyra slowly brings the spoon to her mouth and swallows another spoonful.
frank starts to leave -- simon stops him.
the boys on the bikes peddle faster as they gain on forrest, running.
summoning all his strength, szpilman makes a dash for it, pushing past kitty.
- his first boot goes on.
mr. weasley stands stiffly holding both hand rails.
the huge man disappears with his bin inside.
he picks her up.
cal shakes his head disapprovingly and lets out a sigh.
the doors open and the man is about to enter when he pauses, seeing a fully suited spider-man standing casually inside.
she isn't moving.
he stalks around malevolently.
the camera shows his point of view: guests stand in clusters, enjoying themselves; one woman chats with a little boy; another woman, carrying a drink, walks over to a group of other guests.
more upset at himself than joe, he heads out.
the dude is thrown forward as the car hits something.
two more buttons fly off.
she sits up and stares after him.
juno looks up and meets eyes with her longtime lab partner: bleeker.
's escort is right at him, grabbing him by the coat.
he climbs a platform and peers over the crowd.
the two men dig through large spools of white thread.
mark loring appears next to vanessa.
the camera moves into a closeup of nice guy eddie.
rambo fires on the boat, tearing through the metal wall of its cabin.
buttercup, treading water, still not far from the boat.
a snowball hits malfoy.
with halfbreed and rough rider still running after him, indy enters the trap door of.
he's staring at a computer monitor and talking on a headset phone.
she puts it firmly back on her waist.
he startles slightly.
thompson appears in front of him.
mia, still breathing, not looking up at them, says in a relatively normal voice.
in the camp, tuvia is in his cabin struggling with a fever.
szpilman follows dorota into the living room.
brock sends spider-man plummeting to a lower web.
a stunned eddie moves to the billiard table.
hi bursts out the door, still wearing the stocking.
though a few pointedly do not.
mrs. bennet takes her husband's arm and leads the way.
the massive crowd cheers for the embracing couple in the pool.
the boy goes to the window.
graham stands and slowly walks through the maize, followed by merrill, who's still carrying bo in his arms.
on a city street, a scowling dillinger drives past a parked car, which reflects electrical flashes from a passing train.
marius spots them.
now, his wife does crunches.
an operations tabletop is covered by a map and models on blocks.
they are sitting in the car, oblivious in a way, to all the activity around them.
with the bloo-whup of a short siren blast, a squad car with flashing gumballs pulls up.
a searchlight picks out the new goblin gliding through the air on his sky stick.
haldir leads the fellowship onto a hill top.
moments later, tight on a pocket -- joe pulls out his mother's necklace.
minnie gets on another bus.
in church, he kneels at an altar.
now, debbie steps out of a side door and opens a trash bin.
he looks down to his notebook, then up at jimmie.
she is pale with dark lines under her eyes.
mickey wears his coat.
graham comes down the stairs with his overcoat on.
suze's father goes to take his daughter's arm.
sam is watching george across the street.
peter dives across the table at mj, snatches her into his arms and flings her and him to the floor.
the puppets go limp.
denethor holds up boromir's broken horn.
joe stands at the counter with charles, who is in a bad mood.
she finally looks at chili.
jeep stares frowning at michael, who wears a benign expression.
molly glares at ruth.
sandra pulls off her engagement ring.
kate's asleep on a chair next to zoe's bed.
he reaches back into the drawer and pulls out a glass which he gives her.
she falls into his arms, and they disappear into the room.
holds the paper and reads while getting his haircut and his shoes shined.
it's filled with art and luxury furniture.
she looks slowly around at benjamin then sinks to her knees.
she turns and wanders away, jacob follows.
don crouches into the back of his chair, staring in wild distaste.
forrest runs into the jungle.
george comes out into main room.
she smiles at him fondly and goes.
the wind ruffles their hair as the dragon flies off, heading west along the river.
all eyes are on harry as they're led to a table.
gittes comes bursting in, slapping a newspapers on his thigh.
we start to crane down.
nigel collects a cage from one of the horseless carriages outside.
the agents look around, confused.
harry looks around and sees tom riddle in the shadows.
fergus pulls the hood off.
he and benjamin are silhouetted against the rising sun.
a large group of other hopefuls are seen in the background behind her.
as she hugs him, he hands her over her bag.
he frees himslef from his brother's grasp.
bert is there too, his head bobbing to the dixie beat, his eyes running over her body so plainly covered by a cotton print dress.
ben pulls back a little.
as they drive down the street, the tails of the crook's overcoats flap in the breeze.
sydney stomps vincent's dark glasses underfoot.
she looks into the living room and her face freezes.
he is skillfully eluding and stiff-arming tacklers.
she pulls a box of cornstarch out of the closet and sprinkles it out on the stains of butter.
in front of one of the miserable shacks that line the street are two vehicles.
he holds it open and turns to elizabeth.
asael recoups more guns and runs into a field.
he freezes, turns slowly to look up at her.
cal and jacob both stare down at the bar.
holden is smiling, being seduced, banky rolls his eyes.
the guys meet in a bar.
he has to move his feet to the correct place to the beat.
roscoe follows, grabbing a long stick with a hook on it.
flynn's eyes widen in fear as the cliff edge curves round in front of them.
off they go.
grandma rises from her chair with the assistance of her walker and begins to move toward willie.
beggars hold out their hands to rich parisians.
he moves forward a couple of steps.
forrest rides the mower.
julie and jim walk up to the priest, who conducts the ceremony.
she glances round at tom, watching from the open doors of the salon.
he knocks back a drink.
he closes the door.
in the buffet line, barb's husband turns to debbie's father.
another catch drops open on top of yet another huge catch.
the pickaxe holds in place as the doors hit.
stands in front of melvin's apartment -- twists herself to ease nervousness and knocks on the door.
a shudder runs through her!
zus with his machine gun steps out in front of him.
he lets her fall into his arms so she's pressed up against his body.
greyback deflects the spell.
sandman raises his arms and examines his bulky, paw-like hands.
an ambulance motors over the crest of the hill bridge.
she floats out into the walkway.
as nick drives off to the right, dale goes to turn left, blocking kurt who brakes jerkily.
ricky stands with his digicam, videotaping something on the ground at his feet.
gandalf intercepts the beast, striking him with his staff.
elsa and donovan's party -- consisting of a supply truck, tank and various other vehicles -- all moving along through the ramble of this box canyon.
he leans on the horn.
lisa looks toward thorwald's apartment; then stella; then jeff.
he is hugging them.
that evening, the three of them are eating supper.
joe's mind is on fire as he absorbs this -- he whispers.
he holds his hand in front of her mouth then puts his head to her chest to listen for a heartbeat.
he rolls out of bed and goes to the window.
laurie suddenly stops and looks back toward the school.
he turns to face the doorway and smiles as peter steps inside.
harry opens a cupboard door.
along the walls are benches and a collection of wheel-chairs.
neville unwraps a small glass ball.
without a word, gandalf takes the envelope and tosses it into the fireplace.
collins stop by him.
then he does a most unexpected thing.
the doctor gently lifts the bundle and looks inside.
a man removes his chair.
an aisle leads through the middle of the formation to the burning cross, before which a gibbet has been erected.
he is pale and haggard with pain, but deadpans as night watchman joins him.
she moves toward him but he does not respond.
bursting out the door and blowing them all away while they're fuckin' around is the way to go.
as he starts to turn back, he looks up at elaine's portrait.
smiling broadly, he shakes dumbledore's hand and follows victor and fleur out of the hall.
lizzie looks thoughtful.
harry rushes into the study where his father is lying face down on the floor.
outside a door, a security guard is on duty.
across the counter stands joe hepner, the proprietor of the store he is showing a suitcase.
jacob has got long dark curly hair.
he lies in a heap in the dust.
evan lurches back from the shock of seeing kayleigh and falls to the floor.
harry already forgetting his instructions.
those words provide her little comfort.
anna's fanning motion slows as her knowing gaze follows him.
the wolf takes a step toward him.
they approach a woman in town.
she smiles benignly.
a group of elves are knocked aside.
spider-man sticks two webs to the window frames and stretches them back like a catapult.
and again he attacks, slashing with wondrous skill.
mike starts out the elevator, then returns, grabbing abby.
piquett reaches into his coat.
placing his cigarette on the wooden rim of the table, fats rams the cue ball into the pack, dropping the six ball into the pocket.
she steps back to the edge.
the crowds are dispersing in the town square.
inside a saloon with a view of the titanic men smoke and drink as they play a game of cards.
as johnny turns back to the bedroom, the door bursts open.
stella looks out the window and her face registers shock.
she take a deep breath and drops the gown to the floor.
the two friends' eyes are fixed on each other.
she's been crying; her face is puffy, and her hair mussed.
as the mustached stranger waits to cross a busy intersection after it, he checks his wristwatch.
he sits up when he realizes the shaking is getting stronger.
madam pomfrey is standing next to a bed where a petrified girl is lying.
lost in his thoughts, he hangs his head then shakes it slightly.
mia's scream runs out.
the boys watch as alice draws closer to him.
in one picture, rose stands beside a large fish.
marley spots another dog and pairs off with the table.
she opens the envelope and partially pulls out the photo from inside.
lester takes his drink and turns to face the center of the room.
frodo as he slashes wildly with sting.
norman glances, briefly, turns away, lifts sheets and pillow cases off the shelf holds them close, almost protectively.
the newlyweds dangle their feet in a bath and swig champagne from the bottle.
the crowd is made up of citizens of paris, student revolutionaries, the poor and beggars.
the t-bird flashes by on a road that looks a lot like route.
scores of corpses swarm onto the tiny island and attack harry.
they make their way into a garage where a mechanic works on a police car.
the dragon bursts through the crowd and they look stunned.
back to his knees he falls, holds there for a moment, and pitches down to all fours.
he prods alison's arm.
he crosses his fingers.
he treads over the lawn with shoes with long metal spikes on the bottom.
ben puts the box down and catches sight of himself in a full-length mirror.
mary leads george, who is carrying a couple of the kids on his back, to a position in front of the christmas tree.
louise goes a little faster.
a large black recruit with a strange look on his face, much like forrest's, looks up from his seat.
it's one of him, ears wide, eyes round.
he gets up and leaves the garage.
a couple of straggling troopers scuttle away.
the fellowship are struggling through a blinding blizzard, up towards the pass of caradhras.
george coming from room where he has just left the bank examiner.
walter is peeling the plastic lid off the coffee can.
pandemonium starts.
andy gets out of the car and watches miranda as she makes her way through the throng.
doris smiles as two uniformed cops walk past.
they follow each other up the wall, over the stone windowsill, and out of the open window.
bellatrix, greyback, and two death eaters with metal masks emerge from the smoke.
ben is half standing.
norman crosses to the desk, goes behind it, takes the key to cabin number twelve off the keyboard.
the queen gets in bed.
he leaves the garage with marley slung over his shoulder.
she gathers her belongings.
minas morgul, a massive dead city, set upon a rocky knee at the head of the morgul valley.
nathan stands in his jammies, hair disheveled, holding a gun and squinting against the light.
the green neon lights of the sign illuminate his features.
they all touch the boot which begins to spin like a catherine wheel.
juno throws up in a decorative urn.
willie, dreamy, refuses to take the bait.
schikaneder suddenly grabs his lapels.
merrill sits at a table with his back to them.
bo sits up on a platform on the climbing frame, with her knees drawn tightly up to her chin.
fireballs rain down from the sky.
up on the hillside, she turns away from the scene with a smile playing on her lips.
he runs through the airport, dragging his case with one hand, with a boarding pass flapping in the other.
graham looks up.
the cabby throws her the right ones.
he sees the ground slowly drop away in the windows behind them as.
a high door swings open, and the caped figure stand in the entrance of a warehouse.
kate joins the headmistress in her spacious office.
as she finishes, she suddenly notices joe down the corridor in the reception area.
he releases the policeman.
harry falls from a great height, pursued by the horntail.
he turns to the young black woman at reception with a grim.
he strolls off ahead whistling.
debbie watches with a smirk as two other emergency vehicles drive by.
mary studying a book,
he pulls his beard.
the one ring falls through space and into flames.
the police vehicles, in hot pursuit, squeal, skid, and slew around in a jumble at the foot of the lawn.
she stops suddenly, almost with a gasp.
a three-propeller plane cruises through the sky, it's curved, boxy underbelly hanging below thick wings.
he looks round eagerly and address benzion.
alastair is handed a sheet of paper.
he sits down and is ready to play.
parrish hesitates, then obediently leads the young man out of the library, down a long hallway and across the foyer.
she addresses harry.
the boy runs through the gate to the house, and leaps over a fence.
holmes joins mycroft, the others, and watson at the edge of the dance floor.
as she bolts, sandy hurls a small appliance.
he grabs the paper from potter's hand.
he stuffs the doll inside his coat.
she puts her arms around his neck and kisses him more intensely.
a set of two unopened mab satin finish paint cans are dangling by their metal handles on the outside of each side of the weights.
he leaps over the edge of the building and peers down at the street below.
harry looks around at the people dressed in old fashioned clothes.
louise is still standing there holding the phone.
a mascot jumps up and down.
one slow drop is all it yields.
she drags herself roughly out the window.
they hold up their lighted wands.
neff looks up.
alex and ryan walk through the airport terminal.
as javert searches along dark alleyways, valjean climbs to the top of a wall.
his grip on peter's hand loosens until his hand slips out of the youth's grasp.
dillinger crawls to the dead gangster.
the kid comes in, clutching a glass of orange juice and an advent calendar.
enrique dashes away from the apartment building and sprints along the street.
neville still clutching the sorting hat.
then, returns to his bedroom, picking up some discarded socks on the way.
he palms the cigarette.
she is accosted by a smartly dressed older lady.
he switches it off and on again.
he bows, then continues on his way just as the gardiners come down the hill towards lizzie, who's looking a little unsettled.
following a couple of young women out of the theater, peter grins with pleasure.
but mr. braddock has already moved away from the window and is readdressing his audience.
kayleigh stops walking and crushes her cigarette.
huge spiders loom ahead of them.
the man turns.
she leans back against the passenger side door as they struggle to get comfortable.
the man turns around.
and graham sits on the bonnet to prevent her from getting any further.
holmes shoves her out of the carriage as they go over a bridge.
every weapon becomes inoperable and all the lights go out.
debbie offers the sedatives.
bob gives jeep a hard stare.
in the hold, the two stewards creep toward the car.
everett fishes a gold watch from his pocket and tosses it to pete.
pink sees mr. orange on the floor, shot and bloody.
trunks and suitcases are wheeled along the platform.
he stands back up and looks at loomis.
he looks out of the window and sees torchlight in his garage.
they sprint forward, cedric slightly ahead.
the boys excitedly scramble into the car.
in the speeding hatchback, barnes answers his cell phone.
frodo stays close to the rock wall, masked by shadows.
ferris speaks arabic.
in a waiting room, she sits between two women and two men, all reading broadsheet papers.
lilka wrapped up in tuvia's coat and her shawl over her head, with a bag over her shoulder, goes off into the wintry forest.
but it is no longer a bowling ball rolling between their legs--it is the dude himself, levitating inches off the lane, the tools from his utility belt swinging free.
he opens the door a little way.
tom puts down his glass.
benjamin stares at doors who looks around thoughtfully.
he wears a straw boater hat and sports a trimmed mustache.
ben looks on sorrowfully as emily presses the back of his hand against her forehead and weeps.
uncle billy picks it up.
we intercut walker, frozen, watching the inevitable onslaught, the british police commanding officer ready to give the first order.
across the street, valjean gives money to a beggar.
he takes a couple of steps towards the door, turns.
a white aluminum ladder rises up into the blackness, clanking softly.
he walks towards her with a raised eyebrow.
wearing a delicate summer dress, emily walks in a sunny park.
- glen runs smack into a tree and drops like a sack of cement.
he looks up, a little surprised.
he gazes at her as she slips into a fitful sleep.
gollum blinks, masking the malice of his eyes with their heavy pale lids.
he picks up the phone and dials the number on the back of the card.
in a flash of light, riddle completely disintegrates leaving behind only a few faint sparks floating in the air.
he snores.
he breathes a sigh of relief, as the caretaker goes out through a far door way.
frodo is tense and watchful.
jay then throws down with a makeshift slam dance, spinning his arm and fake-hitting silent bob.
benjamin approaches her hospital bed where she lies with her face bruised and her right leg elevated in a metal frame.
szpilman's and henryk 's pov - the apartment opposite: the ss men throw the old man in his wheelchair over the balcony.
peter watches a police car fly past, followed by a few more.
the uniformed maids withdraw the cover off the green felt top, and sausage, the racker, begins to bang the balls into the wooden racking triangle.
benjamin turns gingerly to meet his gaze.
her eyes are open, a stream of ants is moving across the ice cream and into her mouth.
they are both in shadow.
by day, jamal touts for tourists as a guide as salim counts wads of cash.
juno takes the questionnaire clipboard to a padded leather bench and sits down.
he plunks himself down on an easy chair that tips back.
harry looks round at hermione.
winstead and hurt duck into a storefront's recessed entryway.
through the slat, she watches a soldier walk away from the hut.
through a crack in a door, we see marius sitting on a tatty mattress in a tiny hovel of a room.
reggie and peter enter the deserted lobby.
hollow- eyed, everett tries to convince himself as much as delmar.
the assistant leaves elijah by the display he's run into.
they come to a rock fall.
two smaller barricades protect the left and right side of the cafe.
later, in the kitchen, the queen sits back and tugs at her scarf around her neck.
holmes gives chase and tackles him to the floor.
he is stopped by keyes' voice, off to one side.
as he enters, barton lingers in the hall.
lenny comes running across the street to evan's aid, and tommy shrugs and follows after him.
jackson reverses the limo
a short, plump woman with curly, gray hair in a brown smock and a matching tall, pointed hat comes in.
he looks over his shoulder just in time to see a blur of movement rushing at him.
they look longingly at each other.
shimon in his hat, coat, and woolen scarf, watches her grimly.
and preacher's satanic face, and his hand lifting the open knife, rise swiftly from floor.
camille struggles desperately under her attacker, grabs his groin and kicks him in the face.
helen comes into the living room.
hermione steps forward and raises her wand.
pappy waves his hat at the radio building as singers in faux hillbilly outfits with various musical instrument cases get out of the second car.
the boat's passage past the pirates appears to go unnoticed in the dark.
a boy looks out on a narrow passageway.
they pause for a moment to take in their new surroundings.
jamal stops and recognizes arvind.
it lands on its tires in the grass and sandy rejoins the van on the right side of the road.
elijah breathes hard as he takes hold of the railing.
fedora and his men arrive at the roof's edge in time to see indy climb into the saddle and gallop off.
harry potter kneels at the foot of the grave, looking into a piece of broken mirror.
her face turning quickly to look up at ben.
the road is dirt.
jack and rose hurry into the dining room.
they exchange a respectful, knowing nod.
gittes backs up, turns off the motor, the car lights, the spotlight.
on board, dillinger jostles in his seat as the plane touches down.
for the first time there is the hint of uncertainty in his manner.
joe arrives at a fork in the tunnel and chooses which way to go.
as he shoves the homework back in the attache case.
now racing along a forested hillside, red stays close behind dillinger.
a large faux rustic bar filled to capacity with loosened-tie middle-management.
sylvie and jean-louis start off, but not before the boy squirts peter with his pistol.
he absently concedes.
tuvia turns to malbin, who's sitting with peretz, whose eyes are open, but lifeless.
his lips moving.
the grenades explode, blasting the train in two.
he recognizes it and races forward.
carlos leaves the cell without another word.
its huge body lashes from side to side gradually growing more feeble until it falls and crashes lifeless to the ground.
they run into the entrance barefoot.
he stops uncertain of which way to go.
helen shutters.
he hangs up, and just as he does, jeff looks toward thorwald's apartment.
the smallest snowman suddenly jumps up, but after a quick look to see the coast is clear, runs off, knocking mary and jesus over in the process.
jeep dives for the baby.catching the bundle of rags mere inches from the ground!
king george follows their progress from his rocky mountain top.
chancellor looks out over the loading bay.
exhausted, harry lifts his head.
carl continues to watch.
on a coast road, carl and allison are wearing specially designed suits with roller-blade wheels on the chest, arms and legs.
pulling harry after her, hermione runs across the quadrangle into the school.
quintana is bellowing from the lip of the lane, and is restrained by o'brien.
he swings at delmar who staggers back with a grunt.
he tips the cup and ferris drinks.
upstairs, baby face bundles cash.
sensing something in the shadows across the street, he rises.
zus comes up.
the very anxious customer now sits on the ground, next to the video store door.
she winks at him.
neff takes a few more steps towards her and stops again.
the cloaked skeleton clutches the long scythe.
they both look at a moving photograph of a smiling cedric.
we see the object of his gaze is juno's black and white yearbook photo.
its tail whips back and forth.
she smiles eagerly.
the trooper is clicking open his ballpoint pen and reaching his citation book from his breast pocket.
two china dogs sitting on it, one on each side, illuminated by the dim glow of two wall lamps above them.
blazing sun.
the alien grabs the sheriff.
he dives for it.
a yellow butterfly flutters above the emerging snowdrops.
she puts it in the flask moody's holding.
as he watches, hypnotized.
the principal stands in front of mrs. gump.
a figure stands by the door.
myrtle appears.
during this scene, george has been sitting in the chair, hugging tommy to him, and crying quietly.
he touches her bandaged ankle, which rests on two pillows.
he reaches the fourth floor and strolls down a corridor, where he slots a swipe card into a machine on a hotel room door, unlocking it.
tony stares back at them.
rubbing his blistered hand together, a grinning thao walks up walt's front steps.
jacob sits alone in his smart, minimalist apartment, eating a bowl of cereal and studying the packet.
don turns back to nat.
bob grabs lynda and she starts giggling.
fleur certainly disappears, pull down out of sight.
she beams.
he has reached.
zus puts down the saw he's carrying, noticing something in the doorway of the farmhouse.
video footage shows people milling around a sphere in south america.
spider hustles thao towards the car.
a woman passes the window, pauses, peers out.
he puts them on top of the dresser with a house key.
he flings sirius aside and stands whimpering.
a beat as jeep contemplates the sign.
kate closes her eyes.
still clutching the elephant, willie crawls towards thurmond's front door.
he glances down at the dashboard, where the low-gas light blinks on.
two columns of cars bear down on them.
then ben turns and studies emily for a long moment.
the player walks away.
they traipse out together.
they both heave on the gear stick.
deafening roar.
joe and cary run to the building in the cemetery, where joe saw earth being thrown about.
it turns slowly and lopes menacingly towards him.
when no one answers, frederick, reacting, hangs up, and the film moves back outside to the phone booth, where elliot, the phone receiver to his ear, listens for a moment, then hangs up.
stripped to his socks and boxer shorts, a terrified sydney tries to gather the courage to leap between two high hotel balconies.
billie rests her head on his shoulder.
rollo pulls the bathroom key out of reach.
willie, standing by the toilet, finishes buckling his belt and flips the flush lever.
he begins popping away.
emily hangs up and looks down sadly.
evan tries to keep composed and walks toward his cell.
harry stops and turns round.
as the gates open, a hydraulic ceiling lowers above them, knocking gordon and tenzen off a ladder.
still his steps make no sound.
dil sees him and waves, sits on some bricks and opens the hamper.
as he gives her a sheepish grin, she reaches up to his face and strokes his cheek.
on the stage the act finishes.
we see carolyn, working with fierce concentration as she: cleans glass doors that overlook the patio and pool; doggedly scrubs countertops in the kitchen; perches on a stepladder to dust a cheap-looking ceiling fan in the master bedroom; and vacuums a dirty carpet that will never be clean.
jack closes his eyes as olaf makes a fist but olaf punches sven instead.
rebecca dives to the floor of the cab.
he walks back to the bench and sighs.
david's waiting by his car outside the school.
a french tricolor is under water.
walking blind through the grove of trees.
she stares at him with her mouth open.
sirius and lupin exchange a glance.
the credits appear in amongst headlines in the paper.
one lifts his head and catches the commander's eye.
they loop up on hearing the distant explosion.
standing at the bottom of the stairs, mr. andrews nods and then moves aside.
joe walks past alice, who watches him.
andy frowns and heads for the door, then turns back.
at the far end, a small boy stands against a wall.
he gazes at her feigning surprise.
sees lupin standing in the shadows.
this is followed by thousands of rats fleeing from around the corner of the narrow passageway, stampeding toward elsa and indy -- shrieking and squealing as they approach.
he gets up and, puffing on a dark cigarette, watches them go by before heading off in the opposite direction.
hoffman walks over.
behind him, in the washroom, is fats, washing his face and hands.
harry sets the locket on the fallen tree.
he glances in the direction of his pursuers.
jane smiles in delight, arms outstretched, as the bridal bouquet is thrown and sails straight towards her.
doyle starts to pace up and down, throwing out a hand in careful explanation.
a tank fires into the undergrowth behind him.
vincent finds the intercom on the wall.
he goes to the door and peeps through the spyhole.
thumper jumps off the bed and snatches the journal away.
the man reaches inside his jacket with his left hand just as sim steps up to him.
he imagines a spider with red legs and a blue body with red dot.
the photographer checks his shot.
later, charles talks with steven.
he slips the photo into his pocket.
elliot walks over to lee; he sits down on a footstool in front of her.
his guilty eyes reluctant to confront graham's gaze.
valjean pulls his head up to face him.
annina is very disturbed.
graphics show impact location manhattan.
railings will pull themselves onto pieces of floating debris.
the camera tracks across the platform and we see they are being followed by a detail of six soldiers accompanying ba.
he comes to a stop at the top of the hill, and there before him, lit by the rising sun, spreads a wide vista of fields and towns and villages, stretching into the distance, with the snow capped alps beyond.
the car pulls up, with a screech.
the light from the lamp flies towards his hand and the lamp goes out.
he gives them a look.
marcus looks expectantly at willie, who considers, and then turns to the barmaid.
he silences the pair, hand out, palm down.
a low flying 747 lets us know he lives too close to the airport in a small house.
kahn turns back, extemporizing rather lamely.
they stop when they spot a death eater leaning over a girl's body.
szpilman snaps out of his reverie, seeing, across the heads of the customers, halina, in a state of great anxiety, beckoning urgently.
the room is filled with tropical plants.
we see a swinging door pushed open to reveal: mr. braddock, dressed in a bathrobe, standing at the kitchen counter by the window through which we can see an orange tree.
he stiffens himself, cautiously touches something under his khaki jacket, then glances back at the stoic face of prakash.
even carl smiles and claps.
smiling happily, she sinks down beside harry, ron, and padma.
his two companions have also put their packages to their shoulders and begin shooting, all aiming their fire at the schutzpolizei building.
on the bridge deck, murdoch glances down at his hands, resting on the shaking rail.
the diadem is thrown in to the air.
the word 'security' on the back has almost faded away.
harry puts his arms around her neck.
little noah lies asleep, his head resting on gordon's shoulder.
the wind sends a flurry of snowflakes in all directions.
they toss their money on the table, and eddie shoots, but his shot is too hard and his ball leaps over the side of the table.
he crouches down.
nullah reins in his horse and looks towards flynn, who's on the ground in the path of the stampede.
in the great hall, ron is guzzling jelly and cream.
merrill and graham turn and look behind them as something brushes past the swing.
he listens closely.
as the biker roars into frame, his rear tire laying down a wake of fire.
minnie beats a hasty retreat.
small waves push plates and silverware, as rising water covers the tables and chairs.
santa pushes him off his lap and shoves him on his way.
chubby faced sugar who towers above minnie listens obediently.
holmes makes a good account of himself, then is pressed back against the slatted wooden fence and chains are wrapped round his wrists.
jenny walks over to forrest and lt. dan.
behind him, the glow and the smoke fill the air, blotting the crowd from view.
jane glances at angela, irritated.
the phone buzzes on filter, then is picked up and answered by a woman.
florence starts bouncing it, patting it on the back.
bob's expression darkens at this news.
she looks up as nate walks in and sits down in front of her.
they're set to film toward alice, the approaching train in her background -- charles puts on the headphones.
a troop carrier drives up.
indy takes the term papers then turns to enter his private office.
bleeker picks at the carpet, dejected.
he produces the ticket.
a middle-aged woman sits at a table in emily's kitchen.
smoke from many small camp-fires has filled the valley with a.
sarah lingers and turns to rambo.
jack looks slightly disorientated by the reply and considers how to respond.
szpilman running.
the car pulls up, and spider and his four cronies get out.
barbed wire stretches on either side of the stockade-like entrance.
taylor falls to the ground.
he sits up woozily, oblivious to the mayhem of battle around him
stan eyes harry suspiciously, nods slowly.
they both move toward the archway.
and finally the camera comes to a close shot of gandhi, matching that of dyer, whom we have just left.
a quick succession of shots showing: 1.children's merry-go-round
he giggles again.
candi looks at harold, intrigued by abby's display.
his hand falls open, revealing his 1st cavalry lighter.
lizzie and the gardiners are traveling through the rolling hills of the peaks.
wearing a patchwork blanket around his shoulders and carrying two mugs, benjamin walks up from behind the parked motorbike.
she glances between sandy and the thugs.
harry warns ron, who looks at him in dismay.
he stops for a security scan.
she lifts her drink in a toast to the imaginary man opposite her.
he takes a bite, tries to throw it but again, can't.
hagrid turns ruby red, rises, and nearly topples the staff table, sending water goblets weaving.
each man holding the shoulders of the man in front.
later, as men put lids on boxes, the lead detective approaches sandy and his boss.
he comes to.
aunt and niece stare at one another.
peter reaches for his spectacles.
dressed in a sharp pin-striped suit and dark glasses, sydney sits opposite vincent in a sushi bar, hurriedly taking notes and smiling enthusiastically at vincent's comments.
in eddie's hand is his leather cue case.
he turns to his friends.
her worried parents are in the kitchen at home.
they gaze down at the dead dog.
he exits the car and enters a large hangar.
if we could read melvin which we can't, we'd see him unsettled by the date talk.
ron clenches his fist.
the scene draws more chicagoans from across the street, and more flares illuminate the area with searing light.
sarah's walking with nullah.
ron, hermione, and harry give a nostalgic smile as the train leaves, for hogwarts.
he smashes the car thief's head into the glass panels on the door then sends him flying across the room.
he stares at his late father.
after three lines of song he comes out from under, and lounges against the skiff, tracing a tarry seam with his forefinger.
the boys continue until they reach gower's drugstore.
frodo and sam staggering across the tortured landscape.
tommy yanks his leg back, breaking evan's grip.
sidney frowns and obediently toddles off.
he nods of his head slightly.
neville appears, his dancing shoes slung around his neck.
aragorn joins legolas on the steps to the golden hall, oblivious to the chill wind.
in the driveway of the robinson house, elaine is getting into the robinson car.
holmes leans over watson.
still looking.
sandy stands alone.
gandalf reads the surprise in his eyes.
lenny, utterly baffled, sits back in silence and watches evan begin reading his journal to himself for a beat.
willie puts his stuff down on a bed and begins taking off his fake snow-covered boots.
they wear terry-cloth bathrobes over their pajamas, canvas slippers on their feet.
he grabs his wand.
the camera pulls back slightly as stella emerges from the kitchen.
dante shakes his head in frustration and picks up the phone again.
evan, anticipating rick's fall, stomps rick's face before snatching his journals from karl's shelf.
the young woman, eponine, daughter of the thenardiers', watches him go, thoughtfully.
harry turns to ron.
they all turn and regard edwards a little smugly.
andy follows miranda and nigel as they head into another function past the press pack.
she looks out of a side window as rocks and crags skim past.
many of the women with shawls on their heads tramp through the forest, dwarfed by the tall, thin, bare trees.
ron waves his wand desperately.
coming downstairs he places one hand on the molding, walks on the wall around the corner, and then leaps to the ground.
makeshift hanging bulbs provide some light; a number of other tunnels are visible from here, too.
emily heads off.
norman's body is convulsing.
joe's mind spins -- how does he respond to this?.
they're watched on a screen in a cia surveillance room.
he turns over and goes back to sleep.
the weapon is cocked.
the old man waits outside the room where the conversation is taking place and listens on.
he looks up and sees the word imperata is part of the print on which the statue of commendatore is standing.
she wears a flirty fishing for something kind of expression.
aron sits with a coat on his head listening quietly.
on screen are edwards's birth certificate, driver's license, social security card, library card, everything.
he looks away and stares at the ground.
she puts a restraining hand on his arm.
she sits on a trunk.
in the stands, edward looks closer.
charlie slaps the newspaper shut.
he waves a crutch in the air as the tram glides off.
searching for words, umbridge glances around the classroom.
in the diner, gabriel studies michael.
she practically faints at what she sees.
they head for the door.
the chairman of the board is dr. campbell.
it turns to ginny.
kearney with others watches tv with others in the galley.
shielding himself with one arm, he bellows into the mike.
from the street enters gloria, wearing a shirtwaist and skirt, another foolish little hat, and high-heeled shoes with bows.
he's caught in a dazzling beam of light.
a little boy closes his eyes tightly.
frodo looking at sam.
the queen removes her sunglasses and glances at something inside.
the two men trade blows and spring off the building, falling down towards the ground.
that night, willie drives a seven series bmw in through the gates of the motel.
he scrambles to his feet and stares angrily after the car as it disappears into the night sky.
it is a truck key.
smoke rises from ships' funnels.
he holds fantine's hands, looking into her face.
he knocks.
her eye is caught by the iron newspaper stand on the corner, just outside the lot.
reggie has finally managed to pull down the case -- a rectangular black bag about the size and shape of a trombone case.
hermione turns anxiously, to ron.
later, he stirs another pan.
kay barks a few orders to them.
photographers continue to stake out the mansion.
murdoch follows smith onto the bridge deck.
he moves to a quieter room.
she looks at her watch, then slumps down at her desk in front of her laptop.
she opens another line of inquiry.
thwak - ed gives him a good hard slap and hi's head rolls toward the camera.
he turns to see benjamin, who ducks out of sight.
findley steps up to the bar, leaving bert and eddie alone.
he flings the cup to hermione.
four have flashlights on.
bogrod's demeanor changes, and he smiles benignly.
he closes the door, briefly obscuring hannah and himself from view.
frodo looks at sam with great affection.despite the grim outlook, sam is undeterred.
he bites into a piece of folded up pizza.
they blow horns and toss confetti into the air.
on set, mike's spooning chocolate into the mouth of a sexy babe.
david flashes a desperate glance at audrey then back to joseph.
elsa bends to speak quietly into indy's ear which is near enough to henry's ear.
both men are desperately worried: the valet is thin and middle-aged; the cook, plump and italian.
inside the cathedral, eddie brock dips his fingers in a font of holy water and crosses himself before the altar.
he stops the boat at the jetty and carries camille through crowds of retirement-aged tourists.
on the stage, robbie in a suit, sits slumped at the end of a row.
dillinger pushes the president forward to a metal gate.
an officer walks up to him.
yaxley aims another burst.
her chair is taken.
sydney runs off.
jay deals with a customer as silent bob looks on.
ron stands beside mary.
octavius looks up.
carolyn waves from the mercedes, flashing an insincere smile.
three military policemen surround helen and escort her from the room.
grabbing hi by the shirtfront.
the carnies gasp.
it's very early morning, and the first blue light of day is glowing through the vertical blinds.
two police have a man on the ground.
on the tv screen we see.
in an office, the girl on the phone lays down the receiver, then crosses to the window.
his mother and sister ginny, are busy in the kitchen.
through the view-finder of the camera, we are now brought into close proximity with the salesman in his little kitchen.
she pauses outside the open lounge door.
a ginger cat chases a rat down the corridor.
howard's boils are breathing.
they watch as the sphere rotates.
she winks back and makes her way back past the press, along the red carpet and up the stairs and towards the entrance.
the boy stretches out his hands.
he pulls her back down on to a bed.
skip follows him.
she leans out of her open window and yells at the order panel.
both boys look uneasy.
randal pulls his mask on and slaps his glove, urging a shot.
she seems very much at peace as she touches the knife to her bosom.
behind humperdinck are the waters of the bay.
frodo laughs and finishes sam's beer.
the bielski otriad, lying on the side of the hill with their guns at the ready, raise their heads.
the page comes out completely black.
bo catlett glances once more at chili then follows ronnie out the door.
he puts on a black jacket, as he walks.
srinivas is at the wheel.
they pause for a moment on the sidewalk.
she moves slowly through the darkness.
her face becomes serious again as she turns back to louise.
dil crouching beside fergus, his gun in her hand.
gabriel looks down.
later, in the dark, he lays norman, no longer in costume, down on the sofa in the osborn mansion study.
he puts aside the cushion and blanket, then starts to push at the shelves.
zed, who was standing up close to the screen, walks over to edwards, sizing him up.
marilyn holds the trophy.
the goons are shoving them toward the tree.
suddenly a match flares, and we see the salesman light a cigar.
abby points at candidates, while joy makes notes on a clipboard.
he waves rose over.
audrey tries to hide her smile.
as baby face raises his gun to fire again, a guy jumps on his back.
neff has fallen on the tracks.
she breathes on her love heart, then whispers though the closed door.
his youngest sets off a confetti shooter.
david is sitting up on a bed, a pillow behind his head, reading the paper.
as a violinist serenades him, peter picks up mary jane's glass and fishes the ring out of it with a fork.
merrill stands still with potato salad in his hands.
a group of people who have attended the concert, among them constanze, are standing outside the private apartment.
she looks away from him.
he stops.
his voice is heard over the screen as he crosses the street, continuing his self-absorbed walk on the opposite side.
a bright light appears in the sky above the treetops, the lights of a motorcycle.
vincent's malibu pulls up to the restaurant.
mia lets go of vincent's hand and silently makes the see-no- evil, hear-no-evil, and speak-no-evil sign with her hands.
his eyes dart around nervously.
he jumps into the rollicking ocean, still holding onto the cross.
queenie's daughter beckons daisy into the room.
near them, they see men from the village being led in to a wood by black-shirts and their dogs.
she climbs in through the window.
he leaves the workshop and walks out into the night air, where it's raining heavily.
she stands, rooted to the spot.
and that's when he starts spraying gas at them.
juno hastily attempts to make the situation sound more legitimate.
she accepts the cash.
brody's finger moves across it.
pale with worry, morgan turns back to the tv.
sydney looks defeated.
magarri gasps in fear, as the soldiers approach.
ron stops whimpering.
he looks up at gabriel.
more civilians rush in.
he takes a book from jenny's cauldron.
pettigrew's eyes dart, taking in the situation, then slowly shift, note the wand trembling in lupin's lengthening fist.
cole enters the dark hallway.
he releases his grip on the handle of his suitcase.
shapely raven-haired sophie rises from her seat,
across the pitch dil walks, with a lunch basket in her hand, dressed in a very short skirt with high heels.
the passages are deserted.
shoked, harry stumbles forward and sees blood oozing into the water.
pushing hermione aside, harry knocks the man down and threatens him with his wand.
forrest and forrest jr. sit on a log by the river and fish.
he hands her the rolled smoke.
graham, merrill, and the two children sit silently at the dinner table in the next room.
guards and goblins flee the flames.
a colored attendant in coveralls and rubber boots is washing a car with a hose and sponge.
and she begins to inflate like a monstrous balloon.
frodo, head bowed, trying to pull himself up.
he twists it open under the water.
she pulls herself up off the floor and hobbles into the living room.
the sheriff drives his car into a gas station and pulls up by the pumps.
boromir scoops him up and carries him away.
then frustrating himself on his belly, he makes to look under the door again.
he nods, smiles, and touches his hat.
elizabeth, holding mae mobley's hand, stands outside the wooden toilet, on the back porch.
the soldiers let fly at the cloud with all fire power at their disposal.
brian puts on his jacket, straightens his tie and steps into the corridor.
mark seems visibly embarrassed by vanessa's manic demeanor.
he and tuvia glance at each other in mute surprise.
cole gazes at bobby.
reese holds his shirt against his nose.
he hurries into the hallway.
the skate rats follow in, close behind him, their interest clearly malicious.
neff has reached the door.
the door swings open to reveal a drenched will (29) carrying four sacks of groceries, the bottoms collapsing from the rain.
sallah drives his car through the crowded streets, indy beside him and henry in the back seat.
the wind blows her shawl back on her outstretched arms.
he gestures to the hut and crawls underneath it.
louder, to the germans, as he looks in his wallet.
her cries continue at intervals.
it is late, the supermarket all but deserted.
an adjacent window shows a gangster taking aim.
outside, they open champagne.
beyond the fence, a woman, rachel cooper, appears.
harry waves them off points to himself as he mumbles through his wired jaw.
elaine leans against the side of the building and pulls her arm away.
our view is blurred by the rain, but we see lester, his upper body pumped and glistening in sweat as he counts out a wad of bills.
danny and david stand and admire the affect.
jeep rests a comforting hand on his father's shoulder.
she sits down at the bar.
an officer coolly pulls a revolver from an inside pocket and raises it.
diana falls in the lobby.
frodo watches uneasily as strider moves off into the cover of the trees.
they exchange smiles.
they slosh though shallow water, and rambo leads the men up the boat's gangplank.
the young nehru, somewhat amused by all the excitement, leads gandhi through the crowd to a little flower-covered platform.
she wraps a towel around him.
the bishop looks up.
he speeds at the two inflatables head on.
gunshots are fired.
he turns away from the window and hurries out of the room.
they play little riffs.
the early sun reflects off the windows, and jane is still asleep in the mud-spattered car.
he sings the ostinato phrase twice.
flapping his huge wings, buckbeak attacks.
voldemort flicks his wand.
tom picks him up.
over neff's face, as he looks after her, comes the commentary.
gebczynski comes up behind him.
he throws a plastic sheet down.
their green cloaks streaming behind them.
hi enters frame and cinches down a ladder that is tied to the roof of the car.
lee walks over to her sisters, putting the glasses down on a counter.
jody is motionless under the black hood.
mike's head appears next to hers.
the two boys head down the passageway.
a man is dragged towards the new minister.
the shovel is lying on the ground beside lisa.
thao folds his arms.
she walks into the bathroom.
the chase heads for the tightly packed marina.
his face is close to hers, and suddenly the atmosphere is charged.
forrest recognizes her.
he makes a call on his mobile.
but wait, her fingers touch something else.
then, bo catlett signals the waiter.
he dashes towards amitabh making his way through the crowds of photographers and onlookers.
tommy has stuffed a dog into a gunny sack which he douses with lighter fluid.
harry's smile gets even wider.
it wears roller-skates.
dante and randal stare at the floor.
chili gets within three steps of the guy and stops, but doesn't look up, keeps his eyes fixed on the man's gut.
dil comes out, dressed in a pair of high heels, a very short skirt, different, more raunchy clothes on her than we saw inside.
gatsby continues to cover daisy in kisses.
mary is busy hanging wallpaper and painting the old place.
later, another lays branches onto the roof of a shelter.
richard puts a copy of his book down on the table.
kyle points his pistol.
the men swig their coke humorously.
he looks around for the source of the knocking.
lawrence and sophie follow eleanor from the office.
they get in.
the weight of the sand presses the accelerator on the van, picks up speed.
carrying the bulky dress in a bag, adult jane, in a formal purple dress, hurries out of the shop onto a busy new york street.
butch climbs the stairs leading to his apartment, number 12.
his eyes are on the door.
she places her right hand near her temple.
the little hogwallop boy walks away in long shot down the middle of the empty road.
one of the troops points his rifle into the air.
pull out to reveal the surrounding green suburb buzzing with life and summer activity.
the car dealer is out on the lot now, standing and waiting for mary.
they both reach for each other and come to the surface.
evan, startled, drops the model on the desk.
david and holly can be seen from a distance sitting in one of the boxes.
the chasing boys ride over the remains of forrest's braces.
emily eyes him angrily, her jaw clenched.
she drops the breeze block, hitting the snarling venom on the head.
anxious soldiers crowd around gandalf.
mac, juno, and bren come hurtling out of the front door with liberty belly in her ballet outfit.
he blasts sandman arm with flames from his sky stick.
on the wall ahead, he sees a circular hinged door decorated with a pattern of snakes.
the children are asleep in their dormitory.
the art deco screen slowly recedes occupying the black space.
michael clambers in front of charlie and aims his gun.
bert enters her suite and confronts her.
the shape moves for her, slowly now, but relentless, the knife glistening.
a freeway cutting across lush, green parkland.
they tug and pat him.
she runs her hands through her shoulder-length hair and throws her arms defensively.
veronica enters the elevator with a gurney and presses the button for level seven.
larry throws georgia over his back and hauls her off the set.
malfoy and his cronies celebrate while professor mcgonagall watches anxiously.
merrill picks up bo and graham dashes on through the maize.
he swims to the stairs and they both climb.
hysterical, sandra tries to push past michael.
it is mounted on a tripod.
they move down the aisle.
finally, as we boom down, rack to joe and charles, trying to make sense of this -- joe calls to a passing adult, mr.
they dissolve away, hence floating through space.
the sheriff with mirrored sunglasses, cooley, steps off the porch, the drooling hound at his heels.
a tear rolls down snape's cheek.
he steps out into a long tiled corridor.
shimon and malbin wincing, watch the mob savagely beat the man to death.
the men quickly do as they're told.
evelyn is clearly angry but she is controlling it.
as they get close to the building, they push their way through crowds outside.
mister ditkovich's daughter, ursula, drops a ladle and sets fire to the stove.
he grabs a bouquet of flowers and hands it to her.
he takes a sip, then, pacing as he thinks, lays out for the three men the plan of action.
voldemort appears.
she lifts her brow with a skeptical nod.
a tear trickles down her nose.
by this time they've got don to the door.
merrill's finger trails to the bottom of the screen.
graham takes two steps to the kitchen table and slowly takes a seat.
a pair of wooden shutters seals the window.
she laughs as she gets in.
featuring the muslim leader suhrawardy, leaning against a wall, watching an action out of shot with evident tension.
harry fends it off with a chair.
david obeys, gawks at the jarring change in location, and follows his guide down the damp corridor.
the boy's head is tilted back.
he breaks out into great thankful sobs.
women call down from balconies and open windows on men on the crowded street.
both men embrace.
the doctor starts up a circular saw.
he sees the elderly grandma from next door looking over at him.
she ignores whip.
ginny crosses to harry and sits beside him.
he moves down plain concrete corridors, arrives at a door, and positions himself to one side of it.
mary, having seen the woman, expects now that she will get some attention.
harry is still invisible.
debbie tightens her lips.
andy gets back to the hotel and pauses before knocking on miranda's door.
frodo and sam follow gollum as he leads them on the wining, torturous path.
he moves quickly to it, hesitates, swiftly opens the door.
hi snags the door before it closes and takes his own five- finger discount copy.
great stone chess pieces face each other across the enormous marble chessboard.
szpilman struggles to help the boy whose screams are becoming weaker yet increasingly desperate.
the room darkens.
he and the boys stare helplessly, as the soldiers run up to the wounded man.
the priest gives the last rites as thomas walks cautiously towards the baby's cot.
wearing a nightgown, she starts up the stairs, using her cane.
helen watches from a distance as he concentrates, his hand resting on the sphere's surface.
her left hand keeps typing.
later, the sun rises in a pale orange sky.
in jessica's bedroom, her mom, claire, is putting away clean laundry.
holmes turns conspiratorially to watson.
they put their names in the flame and do a high-five.
dil, looking at fergus.
ron and hermione join him.
blinking her tearful eyes, she swallows hard.
a door suddenly slams upstairs.
more ridges ahead and to his right do the same.
the corsac gets up again and cuts the rope linking them together.
reggie following dyle.
mary jane picks up the phone, but peter's rung off.
carney watches the dance, laughing heartily and drinks deeply.
in the window across from us, the colonel proceeds to give ricky a serious beating, punching his face.
he crashes through a door, stops at the one opposite, then spins around two poles.
lizzie casts frequent concerned glances over at her sister.
sadie talks with a friend.
he sees preston.
joe and charles are watching it.
a silver porsche whips the corner leading to jimmie's home, in hyper drive.
they head out, leaving lizzie alone with her letters.
his face becomes sober as he turns over to the back page of the paper to see the sport headline.
she opens the top drawer of a dresser, places the baby in it, and half-closes the drawer.
purvis courteously gestures for the doctor to step away.
a rocket explodes on the machine gunner and the other soldier, killing them.
the little dog that was lowered in the basket is sniffing at the salesman's personal flower bed.
the bellboy unlocks the door and sarah enters.
holmes sees a dying plant nearby.
he runs off.
she puffs intensely on her cigarette as the camera slowly circles to hannah's face.
but bourke-white has looked from patel to gandhi, clearly shaken by the implication in patel's words.
he starts to walk down the long hall towards the top table.
the bus is slammed so hard.
lee looks up, her hand still on her mouth, watching hannah, as the camera slowly moves off her to show hannah.
delighted students rush out into the courtyard, applauding the magnificent display.
he rolls the ball with an effort at concentration, but his mind is not really on the game.
and gandhi slowly lifts his hand.
he emerges from beneath the table with sellotape stuck to his left ear.
frodo as he is lifted to his feet.
nick and jordan walk upstairs.
he looks over at the bar, then takes a seat by the fire in the lobby.
snape repels mcgonagall's ferocious assault.
she turns to lindsey in the living room.
gaear grimsrud stares him blankly
a security light comes on.
they all jump up and down on the bed.
joe, his breathing heavying, sits in the car, heart pounding, watching his father move over to talk to nelec, close again.
harry sees hagrid waving goodbye.
nathan arizona, a stocky middle-aged man in a white polyester suit, is gesturing expansively with his white cowboy hat toward a one-story warehouse store with a football stadium parking lot, chroma-keyed in behind him.
marius and the others join him.
bill shows harry, hermione, and ron into the goblin's room.
colin gives a wave and walks toward his condo.
visitors scatter in all directions.
herman continues to spit -- right into indy's face.
she shrinks back.
the shape steps inside, pushing aside the clothes.
they lurch into reverse then screech forward as they tear off down the road.
juno and leah are sitting inside an emptied awards case on the wall, eating their lunch.
he caresses her hair, gazing into her eyes.
he starts forward again, he is almost on the youths -- clearly frightened, but.
he opens the door for her.
nehru looks hesitantly at gandhi.
flint shoots uncle ben in cold blood.
he stares at it for a beat before wrapping it back up and replacing it to the highest shelf.
beaming, she takes mr. gardiner's hand and heads up the steps.
the ring has gone.
darkness and light alternate under the water as david struggles to free himself from the embrace of the black cover.
harry turns and sees draco watching them.
as he listens, winstead looks up from a newspaper.
he looks round.
as jamal moves along the walkway looking down on the platform, he scans the busy platforms and looks at the overhead clock.
he kisses rick on both cheeks.
aragorn looks at legolas, knowing full well what he means.
a crewman operates a remote control with a joystick.
jeff is seated in the foreground, in a waist shot.
kingsley lowers his wand and turns to harry.
she looks up to see two more pledges standing on ladders, delicately tossing pedals.
again, the dementors circle overhead, then swoop lower and lower, hovering over the two figures lying helpless below as life is gradually sucked out of them.
it gleams white in the.
and he becomes aware of his father's embrace.
harry takes the sword in both hands and read the inscription on the blade.
david turns completely around and looks at the barbell.
he tests the temperature of a pot of tea.
leading lady myrna loy stares with her mouth agape.
a second mannequin knocks on the glass and shows her the orange bag she's carrying.
we still haven't seen the full stranger.
the broomstick carries neville, and zooms up over the statues on the battlements.
as they cross each other, briefly holding each other's outstretched hands, darcy seems to take more of an interest in them.
forrest jr. gets on the bus.
moriarty smiles and takes it.
it asks if he wants credit.
a look of pained realization comes over him.
he tries to take a photograph.
jack peers down a ladder at rising smoke.
he picks up the phone and dials a number, still keeping his eyes on thorwald.
sam smiles as if at a funny remark, takes a bill out of his pocket.
gatsby grabs his suit jacket.
and closes the door.
uncomfortable, graham goes.
lose on: gollum rears back in shock tenses like a cat.
harry is somersaulted backwards.
she throws her arms around him, embracing him.
a few people wander down the street, clutching gifts for their loved ones.
sleeping in a hayloft.
potter seated in his wheelchair at his desk, with his goon beside him.
jody takes two steps toward the wall.
jodi follows her.
she wrestles leah for the pretzel.
the soldiers allowed him to tend to rene who's convulsing on the floor.
snape hits them again.
holmes, whose face is covered in smeared lipstick and eye shadow, waits awkwardly for the answer.
a guy eyes them as they leave.
he turns, see hermione staring at the full moon.
he regained his footing and climbs up even higher.
a shop window bursts open and television sets are hoovered up into the air.
they get in the taxi which drives through the busy downtown traffic.
eddie raises his gun, pointing it at mr. white.
indy and henry run to the shoreline.
he stands over the jar extinguishing his cigar carefully so as not to damage it.
she gazes at him and smiles, then lightly nibbles her nails.
he shuts the clock, then leans against the mantel, gazing downward.
jack's squad car arrives at the abandoned airfield.
he takes swigs from a liquor bottle.
close on him as he senses something terribly wrong.
the footes come in arm and arm, grabbing a glass of champagne from a mate's tray.
people run for cover.
he follows it into the woods.
he has failed.
gavroche falls face down onto the barricade.
he crosses off.
distantly, we hear a dolorous soprano.
he examines it thoughtfully and looks around.
anna sees the stranger for the first time.
he just looks at her sadly, then gets out of the car and shuts the door.
he stares at it frowning.
cole's knees are pressed together.
huge flames burst from four enormous crates standing in a clearing.
longson glares at brian, then turns on his heel, leaving a rueful brian to meet peter's concerned look.
he looks pained.
gale is admiring the baby.
pete is with ronnie and cat, employees at his record label.
henry, brody and sallah look down at the flaming wreckage of the tank.
he starts with her toward the path which leads to the old house.
nearing the door, they stop as a pair of legs comes into view.
both the curtis children have their life jackets on.
in a stupor of shame and misery he stumbles over to the living room couch, flings himself down on it and lies covering his face with his arms.
george gets out of the cab and looks down the street.
it has been skinned.
dyle turns and looks -- there is nothing behind him but a sheer drop to the street.
and then he starts moving through the thrall of fan-boys.
he scurries in.
he chats with madeleine albright, wesley clark and jesse jackson.
willie arrives in the bedroom still knocking down paintings until, finally, he exposes a wall safe.
other guests mingle in the background; one couple enters the living room, smiling at the scene on the sofa.
the sky stick automatically zooms down to collect the falling harry.
draco and his crony support viktor krum, who appears with karkaroff.
jane and graham are by their mobile home.
spider-man attaches a web to the rope and struggles to pull mj back from the glowing tritium.
rachel, her gun slung sportily under one arm, talks into wall phone which hangs just within the box stairway.
harry puts the sword down on the desk and looks at the black leather diary.
mulvihill moves into view.
there's a crowd gathered around it.
chili finishes his drink, sets it down.
then the hatch slams shut.
sydney plumps a cushion on his leather sofa and takes his father's book from the coffee table.
he is dead.
it scuttles off.
harry helps him up.
in the house, elizabeth silently weeps.
the waves lapping the shore below them.
she smiles in recognition.
javier spins and opens fire.
she fumes, jabbing the earpiece in his ear.
they stare at morgan as he slowly pulls an inhaler from his pocket and brings it to his mouth.
a dark shape, growing, coming down at us fast.
ed flies into frame and leaps into his arms, covering him with kisses.
a soldier is blown up by a rocket.
jack and rose run down another staircase, then jump into waist-high water.
as he arrives at the curb, a long black packard sedan pulls up before him.
a fiery meteor plummets from the sky and smacks down in the forest.
he gazes up at a house.
opens the packing case.
then, backing away.
it, too, is bathed in sunlight.
potter's face is grim with hatred.
a taxi pulls out in front of peter.
hermione sees him fall.
at the middle of a long high wall, a metal entry gates sits under a lookout tower.
pumpkin and honey bunny rise with guns raised.
gatsby holds tom by his shirt collar and looms over him with his fist raised.
he is a handsome, middle-aged frenchman, debonair and gay, but withal a shrewd and alert official.
at night marcus and lois sit in the van in the deserted mall car park watching the staff entrance.
pilot's eye view is displayed on a bank of monitors.
cormac, his eyes fixed on hermione, sucks his little finger suggestively.
he floats motionless with his eyes closed.
rose turns the mirror in her hands, catching her own reflection in the cracked glass.
burton shoots his partner in the head.
two huge, bestial stone statues guard the bridge that leads to the city.
she limbers up.
they spot a balding man behind a desk.
as chili and karen enter the restaurant.
queenie lies at the front in an open casket.
the ghost of a smile flickers across peter's face.
lt. dan picks up another bottle of port wine, but it is empty.
a young boy walks up holding a package.
arm-in-arm, they head for the dance floor.
lights shutting off in them, as he passes.
a gloomed shaped hood of lights surrounds the scene.
he lowers his head and gently rocks the house elf's tiny body.
ominous dark clouds line the horizon to the south like a living wall.
hilly bites her lip.
grandma sees a car go by outside.
she's going after howard.
they enter sunroom.
the others wait behind him.
gatsby and daisy look apprehensive.
in the sidecar, harry grips the windscreen as moody passes on a souped-up broomstick.
another man continues assembling the hyperemic cartridge.
he leans down to finish scooping out the ice cream, his deaf ear toward her.
he wears a dark overcoat over a collarless pale blue shirt.
he pulls out a gun and fires into wade's gut.
carl takes a flying lesson.
images of happy, smiling, healthy athletic kids.
confused, harry and hermione glance about, then -- as one -- peer up.
a short distance ahead, he notices a dark-haired woman striding down the sidewalk.
the slytherin supporters are ecstatic as the points go up on the scoreboard.
these are big oak caskets held together by straps of etched brass.
a second button knocks him sideways.
looming over him is a strapping blond man.
gandalf takes frodo to one side.
his smile fades as he sees a helicopter.
with this he takes a wild swing which waldrip easily eludes.
he adds a nut to the thread at the end of the rod and reaches onto a bench.
rounding the corner of the loading dock, willie comes upon a fleet of squad cars idling in the street.
regina is opening and closing the window, examining the frame with her fingers.
in cheers, the horses race shoulder to shoulder.
then back up at the disappearing car.
he fetches a liquor bottle from beneath the rocking chair; about to pour he does a take at bess's photograph.
as he loads, the boy climbs into the water tower.
as the plane skims the ground jackson and yuri join the others.
the queen emerges from the land rover and gazes around.
ben's skiff is inverted on trestles in foreground.
he spots harry.
he sees a photograph in a newspaper on the floor.
dr. abel walks back onscreen.
at that moment, the girl beside him leaps forward.
they hurry down the large bore tunnel.
the r.o.u.s., high above them; it watches.
they eat room service.
edward is knocked down by a massive black dog, biggest you've ever seen.
he swallows hard but his eyes remain shut.
he puts an arm around her, and she lays her head on his big barrel chest.
joe moves forward -- up to camera -- behind him, cary appears, smiling.
and the power returns -- joe's clock light goes on behind him -- but more chilling, the projector comes back on; the silent home movie of his mother plays.
he turns to join fats at the table.
ellen faces whip in the middle of the room.
another flash brings kingsley to join them.
in the black and white footage, barnes falls to the ground.
the tiny figure jumps up and runs all the way from the back room down the aisle of hardware and comes into a big head.
he looks to see how far he's fallen, clutches his back and hobbles between the cars and out of the alley parking lot.
he walks up the ramp towards the garage entrance.
the boy watches for a moment, rises, and the girl's leg slips off the bed.
general slocum emerges from it.
the gateway arch stands tall over the city.
the suv make its way along the deserted road.
thelma has the phone tucked under her chin, as she cuts out coupons from the newspaper and pins them on a bulletin board already covered with them.
the thief raises his gun.
harry hangs up at the other end.
lisa is not looking in the same direction as jeff.
we're flying across a white blanket of clouds.
graham looks to merrill over the roof of the station wagon.
she releases a grip on the floor but manages to grab onto a long metal rail just below.
below him in watching the water trickling down from the outfall near gittes.
andy follows miranda.
he drives up at walking pace beside jenny.
the huge gates are closed and firmly secured by a system of strong iron locks, which swing neatly into place, one after the other.
peter's hand goes up.
minnie gapes at celia's determined expression and sits back down.
lavender leaps on ron's back and he staggers away with her.
but this time gower sweeps the boy to him in a hug and, sobbing hoarsely, crushes the boy in his embrace.
bourke-white just absorbs it, staring at the palace, taking in the experience with the appetite of her breed, and her own particular sensitivity.
harry takes steps toward voldemort.
a well dressed, middle aged man approaches the boxes corner of the ring.
they mistake the screams for cheers.
the hobos impassively watch.
peter gazes blankly.
she undoes the laces on zoe's red and white baseball boots and removes them.
fending off gryffindor players, they pass the quaffle, until one hurls it towards the goal.
a middle-aged english couple sit at a table just off the square, and observe the commotion across the way in front of the palais de justice.
natalie and dave pose for pictures.
andy sashays down the hall in her black outfit with a big pendant necklace, and approaches a sophisticated looking couple.
jane looks miserable.
a man with black hair is sitting next to professor quirrell.
her housekeeper quickly tries to shut him out.
he and the german are wearing tuxedos.
forrest, holding a box of chocolates, looks at the car.
who jig up and down in a huddle.
the twins and percy push their trolleys straight towards the brick wall between the two platforms.
aragorn stands before the road as though transfixed.
he stares at the panel like a reasonable man making a reasonable point.
he looks at a group of photos hanging above a work station off to one side of the hangar.
he looks at rick and says nothing.
the mounted police riding on, batons at the ready.
the class falls into stunned silence.
the two friends glare at each other.
the doctor comes in with a member of staff.
he puts it out with his over gloves.
she stares at the house, puzzled.
the crowd, running, screaming.
in another chair sits neff, his briefcase on the floor, leaning against his chair.
the young man stops and looks at her.
she tilts her head with a slight grin.
brad is seated behind his desk, reading a document.
they tear off the outer tape.
kneeling with a rag and bucket, gatsby looks around.
kyle stares down at the man by the van.
and aims a rifle at the office.
close on her hands, we see her putting in a cash packet that is really only a few bills and a sleeve surrounding and hiding a small plastic device.
fabienne lies her head back.
he goes over to him.
the brown-haired irishman extends his hand to jack.
the second dementor floats above dudley, sucking vapor from him.
ben looks at her for a few moments in agony.
she turns to her stove and is framed by christmas garland in b.g.
he watches jane and bingley performing the intricate moves of the dance.
hermione has a blanket over her legs.
aragorn drops on one knee, kneeling before the hobbits, his head bowed.
ricky crosses to a bureau and opens a drawer.
the moment before his palms reach them there's a brief instant where soundscapes collide and the world behind him vibrates.
the officer commanding and the guard of honor await him.
he puts his arm around ilsa.
they all jump back.
still wearing his shades and an intrigued expression, brian raises himself up onto his elbows, looking up at archer.
we're so far away, that the screen is mostly black, with a small speck of sparkly light.
harry pushes back his hair.
slowly, looking into david's eyes, he holds out his gloved hand, and, equally slowly, david takes it and squeezes.
in the goblin layer harry picks up the green goblin sword from among the debris on the floor.
ron is trying unsuccessfully to mend his broken wand with sticky tape.
harry takes it.
bob's car is parked in front of the wallace house.
sam stops rummaging.
the magazine models see sophie kick sydney.
as the students react, dumbledore's voice cuts through.
creeping in on nathan jr. in the living room, asleep in his ottoman armchair, lit only by the snow from the tv set he is facing, a half-full glass of milk on the coffee table next to him.
lisa facing jeff in the chair.
he reaches over into the glove compartment and pulls out the registration.
she rises, goes to the bureau, takes a pair of small earrings out of her bag, begins putting them on, not bothering or perhaps not wanting to look at herself in the mirror.
as amos pulls karl aside to give him the hard sell, edward notices a beautiful young woman (16) leaving with her family.
he recovers and runs on.
fantine, pale and frail, her bodice loosened, leads the captain down to the damp dregs of the ship.
his eyes are cloudy.
forrest sits on the bench and shakes his head.
she hurries off in the opposite direction.
ball return spinning up a ball
the door opens; preacher's head, carrying a candle in holder; a white-washed wall and stairs are lighted.
delmar has the toad in his lap.
he follows the others thrugh one of the door ways
she stands absolutely still as he does so.
he stands looking at the card for some moments before turning and gazing back at the church.
he moves out of her sight towards the window and leans against it frowning slightly.
she ignores ron, rushing past him.
george has a strange, puzzled look on his face.
entering.
she looks at school boy, who stares down at lewis.
valjean aims the pistol.
he spots jacob opposite him, eating a burger and chips alone at the bar.
the old lady powers into a rising section of the road.
mr. white pointing at joe, looking like he's ready to start firing any minute.
willa keeps smiling.
strasser, one hand holding the receiver, pulls out a pistol with the other hand, and shoots quickly at rick.
captured together on the home movie, joe and his mother play together on some distant summer's day.
lester stands at the bar.
she nods obediently, the flicker of a smile around her mouth, youthful, irrepressible.
cosette embraces valjean, weeping.
she slams down her book.
eyes narrowed, jack smokes a cigarette as he peers across the table to sven's partner.
a sharp whistle is heard.
peter, his spider-man mask badly torn, his eye and mouth quite visible, looks around for venom.
finally he closes it
his journals are missing!
a large yellow toad sticks its head out from under the collar.
a man sets another man on fire.
abby looks thoughtful.
she stares at the adjutant belligerently.
holding his umbrella, henry suddenly spins around and runs screaming and shouting into a flock of sea gulls.
a naked old man raises a flag up a flagpole in the rain outside.
count rugen, as the confrontation is about to start.
she smiles and gets in.
whip speeds down the mud road, splashing slush to the side.
aibileen in a yellow dress with elbow length sleeves and a scalloped detail down the front purses her lips with a faint sigh.
the wind ruffles his hair as he remains still for a moment.
he gets up and goes.
she overturns a small pouch into the bin.
we can see that it is much later in the day, almost dusk.
harry finds a blue pixie in the junk, and tosses it aside.
he spins round, aiming the torch beam into the impenetrable jungle on one side, but finding nothing.
birds take flight over a land which has turned green.
sidney looks at the gold ring in his palm.
he sees anna step out onto the highway.
reggie, not knowing what to do, and afraid she will be seen by dyle, who is now looking her way, spins and sits at the sidewalk cafe's nearest table, her back to dyle.
marcus throws open the back of the van, revealing the components of the water drill in various prop gift boxes.
outside in a dark alley with ominous clouds in the sky, peter stands with his spider-man costume held out in front of him.
after a few steps she pauses to rest the weight of the buckets.
they move out of the door, mr. braddock steering ben.
she nods sleepily.
tuvia looks at asael who averts his gaze and then back at zus.
camera pulls back to reveal reggie and adam, in their bathrobes.
in a dingy building, two men are carrying a heavy box downstairs.
back at the elland road stadium, a group of boys scamper after brian's zodiac as it swings into the car park below the leeds united afc sign.
dumping the cotton sack, he reaches down, picks up a stone, and launches it into the field of maize.
a snickering response from the other youths -- but they are embarrassed by the questioning disapproval of colin's mother's attitude.
the children stare, horrified, as sirius embraces him.
with a whipcrack effect he looks left, then right.
slashing upward!
carl snorts tabasco sauce off his hand.
green has got clear.
daisy blinks and takes a slow, inward breath.
at breakfast, her father is heading off to work.
they grunt as they pull in unison, as the rope moves through their rough, chained hands.
ginny, hermione, and ron are silhouetted against the light from a lead-paned window.
the grass is thin and parched.
high above the water, a blurred shape in orange turns away from the balcony.
a snatcher turns.
colin prepares to take a photograph, but somebody stops him.
flash photography is taken as the doors to the range rovers open.
thompson steps away, his eyes still focused on the dancers.
don drags himself up the last few steps, unlocks the door and goes in, leaving paper, bottle and note untouched.
the train passes by revealing a crowd of men wielding clubs, knives, and axes running towards them.
rambo's attention is caught.
walker too wears a knapsack.
he grins self-deprecatingly but gokhale persists.
his movements are slow and somewhat innocent.
the angry troll holds harry upside down, swinging him from side to side.
debbie reaches him and holds his head up.
a huge flame fires up.
among them is dil, looking resplendent.
she rushes toward the door.
gaunt, grey-haired manny cussins, director of the board, brings his hand to his mouth as he sits uneasily before the press.
looking shocked, emily goes around the side of the house to find ben feeding duke.
nick looks around and finds himself in a large salon with several pairs of doors open.
people cluster around.
some are embarrassed, some are amused and some (the most intimate) damn annoyed.
don stands undecided, then looks around, locates the public telephone booths, steps into one of them.
she shudders with weeping.
vincent takes a look around the place.
they pass lizzie, who's engaged in a conversation with wickham.
he takes a sip of beer.
all four raise their mugs.
he rips out a page.
jay and laurel cross the room, to where rosenberg's corpse lies out on another gurney.
gittes pulls up a chair sitting next to mrs. mulwray between duffy and walsh.
he finds it nearby and hands it to her.
will won't let him get the last word.
she strokes his sweating head again, touches his shoulder and gets up.
torches burn.
the intricate maze extends far around him stretching away into distance of mist covered valley.
he looks down doubtfully at his empty glass.
lisa slowly helping jeff to lobster from the main dish.
down below, flynn is drinking rum.
the man picks up the second magazine, and looks at him himself before passing it to her.
standing amongst the crowd is a chunky man in a blue and white checked shirt.
westley, in anguish so deep it is dizzying.
the crate crashes to the ground.
the photographer pulls harry forward.
george interrupts himself.
we are floating in toward him.
a woman runs out of the store to give her a parcel she left behind.
sim, watson, and holmes exchange nods, then holmes and watson head up.
there are many other students scattered around the room.
marjorie stops her cake baking.
rose pushes the desk chair out of her way as she walks to jack.
constanze stands, closely veiled, holding a portfolio stuffed with manuscripts.
the polish officers confer briefly in whispers.
across the street behind ron, harry stands inside a small doorway.
he looks flummoxed.
evan leans over to whisper in kayleigh's ear.
a faint, silvery breath floats from sirius' half-open mouth, illuminating his face.
he walks off past a backstage guy.
they reach a classroom.
the dragon cuts him off and whips him off his broom, he lands on the roof of hogwarts, hanging on for dear life.
harry places the palm of his right hand, under the floating stone.
they weave over and under the wooden struts.
she hesitates, then knocks.
the inner casing revolves to create an opening.
jane covers her ears and starts singing to drown her out.
banky starts packing his mags up.
gandalf is a tiny figure, balanced precariously on the narrow bridge.
they each take another swig of vodka.
elijah's glass walking stick lands on the seat of his car.
he lunges for it.
ryan looks up and smiles to himself.
enjolras turns to his companions.
frodo's eyes flicker open he is lying in bed next to an open window.dappled sunlight plays on richly carved timbers.
she stares at the collar.
charles rubs his brow and steven backs away.
tommy, enraged, fakes a high swing, then goes for evan's knee cap.
the early light of the sun illumines the dwelling.
by the door, overmyer is quietly putting on his black gloves.
his eyes are wide and anxious.
jeff nearly knocks the startled stella off her feet with his arm.
there are now two newspapers, two bottles of milk.
and she enters.
there are tears in his eyes.
as he makes a run for the car, shells fires from the launch.
gandalf touches the smooth rock wall between the trees.
in the courtyard, students say goodbye at the end of term.
he nods politely towards her mother, then the three officers leave.
at a side-table, two imperial secretaries, using quill pens and inkstands, write down everything of importance that is said.
startled by constanze's entrance and her young son, salieri scrambles up.
paula stares blankly as kate hails a cab and gets in.
miranda strides through the foyer and approaches a lift.
he's wearing a one piece orange uniform.
richardson's aide gets a text.
that pawn shop is closed too.
frodo falls to the ground.
she smiles again.
unsmilingly, he bends down and picks the newspapers up off the drive.
harry ducks under a fallen tree.
the bunker behind him is blown to smithereens.
the hood is up.
draco catches up again and bashes harry in the ribs.
the rope unrolls and becomes taut hurling the inflatable away from their boat.
harry turns the snitch over in his hand.
he hoists her onto the landing.
he goes outside.
randal is recommending titles to potential customers.
voldemort sticks the wand into wormtail's arm.
an inflatable skull and two skeleton hands are waved by protesters outside the plaza mayor.
kay pulls a copy of the weekly world news from the stand and gives the guy a buck.
willie, in bed, blearily wakes to the insistent alarm.
tom removes a metal box from the burning wardrobe.
a black man in britches and no shirt, face beaten to a pulp, hangs in the center.
lizzie and mrs. gardiner sit facing mr. gardiner.
we center preacher.
using the rope, he hauls her up beside him.
joseph shakes his head.
suddenly, she disappears only to reappear behind him, swaying wildly from side to side, all the while waving the fan in front of her.
alison's eyes are downcast.
he stands, grasps her shoulder for a moment, and walks away.
the gate opens onto umbridge.
mr. miller goes slack, his eyes wide with horror.
fred runs indoors.
bleeker lies on his car-bed in his track uniform, listening to the same lp from when he and juno went all the way.
he tips a bag of splintered wood and twisted twigs onto the bed.
sandra goes into a gloomy corridor.
caroline goes to the sofa and uncovers daisy's suitcase.
none of them is moving.
ryan arrives at the airport.
he slips on his spectacles.
the bird is dead.
his face is concealed by the hat's wide brim.
he looks across the room to elijah seated in his wheelchair.
graham quietly turns and looks at morgan.
she fixes him a glass of tea while he is looking around.
he hauls down a heavy cloth cover, revealing a tall triangular cabinet similar to the one in borgin and burke shop.
andy looks over at miranda incredulously.
playing nervously with the chain around her neck, vanessa turns to the wall behind her.
we are in the front seat of the station wagon.
a few men swap grins and chat.
each wears a terrycloth robe.
he walks up to the first class priority access desk.
now, they're out in a less well tended area of the garden, lady catherine striding ahead, with lizzie a couple of paces behind her.
the decoys draw some death eaters away.
lester sits at a booth with the manager, a greasy kid wearing a white short sleeve shirt and a tie covered with the mr.
sandy slowly drives down a congested highway.
inside the booth, reggie and adam can be seen heading for the door in a hurry.
he snaps on the lights in the living room, rolls the empty bottle under the couch, takes the glass of whiskey, puts it behind the pile of records.
past the ancient standing stones that lead to the narrow pass.
he gets up.
he gets up,
jeff continues to what the salesman, his face showing a great concentration of thought.
the two of them are partially obscured by a large white jazz sign imprinted with a large red circle as they continue their conversation.
when the songs ended, ezra points the audience's standing applause towards the choir.
the steward stops in his tracks.
the gryffindors join in the applause halfheartedly.
the cashier turns to her.
he stands slowly upright.
the colonel looks coldly down at us from ricky's bedroom window, and then he pulls the drapes shut.
drew reacts to this allusion of intimacy.
they all turn to see the plane readying for take-off.
she throws the phone, screws up the paper, and stomps on it.
lizzie takes a sip of tea.
carrying a case and laptop, sadiki rushes out of the building.
we see arbogast coming up the stairs.
without flinching, graham turns stiffly and goes to sit on the stairs.
she sees hermione at ron's bedside.
the child refuses so salim snatches the baby from her.
she lowers her eyes as she steps over the threshold.
berger sits down with them.
on a colonnaded balcony, danny hold up two glasses.
in the gryffindor common room, the potions book lies on the table in front of harry.
dick cavett stands up as he introduces forrest.
enrique sprints upstairs and dashes into an apartment building.
sitting in the back, ferris eats the orange.
alyssa looks up sharply.
david takes hold of the right hand knob.
tillie pushes carl back onto her bed.
forrest looks down at jenny's breasts.
he slaps peter's face a second time.
it's the same size, but has a small semi-circle of maize still standing within it.
and rushes into his bathroom to clean his teeth.
anna tensely gets to her feet and looks around.
people work to right the overturned lifeboat.
evan doubles over in pain and falls to the ground, clutching his knee.
he closes the hut door behind him.
he is still, as if in a trance.
the long tables are bare, the seats and benches are empty.
he's about to leap.
the staff are gathered at the restaurant to review the menu.
sandra spins around.
more officers huddle on a street corner as the milk float drives around.
he smiles at banky.
ben turns to face her as she scans about the workshop, trying to spot the surprise.
joe continues to nibble at his peanut butter.
and with that, edward and karl start walking, waving as they go.
the bulllet moves over san dew.
scattered leaves rise into the air whirling down the road as if blown by an invisible wind.
the spectators go wild.
bren is sitting on the front lawn bouncing two weimaraner pups on her lap.
aunt may in a floral suit, hat, and carrying her gloves.
aibileen and minnie are pushing trolleys in a supermarket.
fergus pushes the last crumbs of the sandwich toward jody's mouth.
fireballs hit the ground by the runway
jenny controls her own emotions as john gives into tears.
he picks up a small pin in the shape of a letter q, then opens up a box and takes out a small earpiece.
uncle billy is standing in the doorway to his private office, taking a drink from a bottle.
he points at cal.
as he shuffles off, debbie watches him go with a little smile.
harry's broomstick suddenly calms down.
one of the men with him is knocked along the ground by a policeman.
one trooper fights the others off and leads the girl away, keeping his comrades at arms' length.
nick lies sleeping on a couch.
on a monitor next to her, juno watches moving patches of light and dark take on a recognizable shape.
as the car passes the carton, hi's hand reaches from the passenger door and snags it.
behind him, six more men in black, all wearing black suits and sunglasses, come over the hill.
they are both eating as ben talks, telling elaine a story.
benjamin closes the door of room 325.
the commander runs towards a group of his soldiers, gesturing behind him.
david looks to the fields to see a very muscular college age man in sweats who stands with the other children.
none of the three see, but we do, that it doesn't fall out the window but ricochets against the opened casement to the window sill, where it lies smouldering.
he gives it a rough yank and, from below the floor, rises .
he leans on the rail and looks over.
she lets her jacket and bag fall to the floor, drops her key on a table, and flops onto a couch, frowning.
then she lifts the hood ever so slightly, to peer inside.
she taps her on the shoulder and holds the plate out to her.
fergus shakes his head and says nothing.
he opens the closed blinds over the window.
chaya turns to asael.
he looks sheepishly at walt.
the dog's out of the window, walking on his front paws.
a handsome youth, cormac, smiles at hermione.
uncle billy is seated on a baggage wagon eating peanuts as george paces up and down in front of him.
elliot opens the rear door for lee.
the dark haired young man in suit and tie, whose face is reflected in the glass over the drawing, nods.
featuring the door as reggie enters.
camera pulls back to reveal the prince, kneeling, inspecting every grain of misplaced sand.
marcus and willie are in the back room.
pete pulls up his robe and aims his butt at debbie.
as she does so, the door opens.
the commander drops to the ground and rambo kicks the man's corpse away with a hefty boot.
they pause and norman pauses.
terrence is on-stage.
he turns and walks down the front steps.
wolfsheim's tie pin is a jeweled tooth.
andy smiles and takes her leave.
she sits in front of the mirror.
gatsby watches from the upstairs window, which reflects the sparkles.
he goes off.
she knocks on the worktop.
amazed, mozart starts to play the rondo again.
the shade suddenly going up in the newlywed's apartment.
drover, fearful of what he might find, moves slowly up the beach.
jeff still doesn't speak.
his jaw is still clamped on dieter's ear.
that gets sandra's eyes open.
both the horse and faramir are impaled with orc arrows.
papers litter the table; dirty dishes are piled in the fireplace; on the forte-piano lies mozart's masonic apron, woven with symbols.
ken reaches for whip's hands.
an anchorman reports in front of the white house.
he sets off down the street after the pretty young red head who is wearing calfland's boots, short skirt and a zipped cardigan.
will bloom, age 3, listens wide-eyed as his father edward bloom, 40's and handsome, tells the story.
black tendrils, like living vines, spring out of it and stretch across the ground.
frodo thuds into gollum, lifting him off his feet.
quickly she turns and walks out of the garage.
ricky scrambles to dodge his father, but the colonel is too fast; he punches ricky in the face, knocking him to the floor.
a photograph of spider-man swinging off a roof, crawling down a building, saluting the cops, looking at them is the bugle's editor, j. jonah jameson.
the words are said bleakly, not to raise false hopes.
a crescent moon drifting amid clouds is reflected in still water.
his colleague smiles coldly.
she possesses a surprising delicacy of feature, with large expressive eyes and a beautiful mouth -- but at this moment she is ill at ease and uncertain, forcing herself to do that which she would rather not.
taking the check, the waiter leaves.
her walk and figure would stop anybody.
she goes inside and hands over the letter.
a gigantic image of the handsome bulgarian player is projected on to the towering stands.
the masked figures draw closer.
her eyes linger on him briefly, then she turns and goes inside.
the car roars up to the three men as delmar waggles a hopeful thumb.
szpilman watches her and listens.
the bludger hits the sand beside harry.
increasingly alarmed, he takes off his glasses.
he looks down the hall shocked.
we see salieri standing alone in the back of a box, unseen, in semi-darkness.
walt looks over at thao.
he quickly flees.
handsome, debonair tom goes into the salon.
the ringwraith pauses right beside their hiding place.he sits very still with his head bowed, listening.
he stops by a majolica jar full of sand and takes a pencil from his vest.
a jackbooted foot grinds it out.
others, identifying labels on their backs.
there on the bed is annie!
out on the shop floor of the store, the elf walks along towing a small hand cart, santa pulls out the drill from the safe door.
the car speeds for the far wall, sheeted in flame, and bursts through.
lt. dan sits back down out of sight in the latrine.
she slips on a thong.
one is a model machine gun, another a sniper rifle.
he aims a finger gun at his crotch and unbuttons his pants.
she stares after him.
she empties out a mini bottle and bites the top off another.
he repeats the press and replaces the bar.
she races back to where cal lies on the road.
mundungus drinks and grows a little.
she turns to face him with scorn in her eyes.
jack looks down as the man walks off.
he gives her a look and gets up.
she turns to look at him, and moves toward him, carrying the cigarette box.
the two girls stop in front of annie's house, another small suburban home.
jacob is listening.
holden ducks as the ball comes sailing back at his head.
in the police station, krensky is shot dead.
it swerves up, onto the wall and hangs there, racing by the traffic below.
mark, in his rock t-shirt, over a long sleeved undershirt looks coldly at vanessa and goes back to his room.
landing in the dust, all the fight beaten out of him.
she opens then closes her phone.
close on the pencil in his hands: he's totaling two columns of numbers.
tizzy follows.
he whacks her with a guitar.
the woman snatches them.
she straightens her leg.
ron reads out the message written in blood on the wall.
as the cortege continues on its way, we get shots of the marching soldiers, of the faces of sikhs, and tamils, anglo- indians, moslems from the north, marathas from the south, blue-eyed parsees, dark-skinned keralans.
the hatch marks on the wall behind him are apparently height markers.
juno jumps up and rushes out.
now yellin, a pale, shifty, quick-eyed man appears in the doorway.
a boy, age ten, sits on his head on the family couch and watches television upside down.
johnny pulls out a chair for minnie.
the office is in a mess, drawers are opened, and papers scattered on the floor and on the desk.
they turn to see the potters.
fergus draws her slowly up to a standing position.
claire grabs bernie's shoulder from behind the couch and hands him the envelope.
trying to run from it, he fails to see spider-man lowering himself for a better look.
they unwrap the brown paper, to reveal a streamline broomstick with a highly polished handle.
a sword lies gleaming under the ice.
a wave crashes against a rock in a bay.
rick and ferrari walk over to the piano.
rose's lips tremble as she stares at jack.
more ghostly figures float around the great hall.
he leans forward in his seat.
then the bell rings, announcing the arrival of a train.
she smiles.
cal turns to watch them leave, then relaxes into his chair.
the track twists down towards the waterfall.
she does.
it's the same one we've looked out twice before.
his friends watched with concern.
merry driving his sword into the back of the witchking's knee!
charles runs across the station platform and looks at an approaching train.
at the far end of the corridor a huge con is sluggishly mopping the floor.
chili unbuttons his coat.
valjean looks up to the heavens.
looking away, she's pissed.
they hold hands above their heads, and mike sinks down.
as she drops out of frame, leaving blackness again, three men are entering from the background, emerging into a pool of light.
harry unclenches his fist.
he is nervous, waiting for anything.
as carol consults the slip of paper with the address on it.
he goes into the shop and finds the clerk playing with a new sony walkman.
he looks helplessly at the clerk.
she avoids eye-contact with the handsome driver.
sandy rolls his eyes.
outside the theater, purvis digs a box of matches from his pocket and takes one out.
gladys bites a chunk from his neck.
everett joins delmar to look.
they get down from the taxi and fields strides into a rundown hotel.
her nails are brilliant, holding the silverware.
neville's parents are part of the group.
he drops down from a tree.
a white mother pushing a pram slows down as she passes.
in the great hall, a long platform has been erected.
it is in her eyes, her ears, hair, mouth.
she smiles nervously.
aragorn and legolas battle the orc -- legolas jumps onto the back of a giant mumakil bringing it down.
abha is sitting next to manu, looking at a collection of pictures of gandhi, obviously bourke-white's.
meanwhile, downstairs, mr. bennet is working late in his study, poring over the household accounts.
nehru looks across at gandhi.
a customer pays for something while dante continues to talk.
once again hi works as his sweaty gum-chewing colleague stands idly by.
the fissure approaches.
green stares down at the can and at the car as it drives away across the vast, empty.
several computers are laid out on a table, and a parrot sits on a perch.
she looks at him, rain drenching the pair.
he suddenly reaches down and grabs her arm, pulling her roughly to her feet.
eowyn turns and runs smack into aragorn.
we are following the two, hand-held, as the police leads nathan toward the living room.
he lights another match and reaches out toward her hair with it.
he holds up a finger in response to the sounds he hears in his headset.
pippin as he takes in his surroundings, his eye caught by a dead tree that stands in the middle of the court, four solemn citadel guards standing sentry around it.
it has skinny arms, long pointed nose and ears and wears a ragged vest.
they rest against a pillar and their fingers touch.
looking preoccupied, dr. abel walks back into the consultation room, holding mickey's open file.
dragged several yards before the boot shakes him off, leaving him on his stomach in the middle of the road.
he stares at them.
and we see that it is kazim, the spy at the court.
jackson spins the limo into a type hole and accelarates over pass beneath the freeway.
he stops by a shell and screws open its tip.
he cocks his head.
though he is wearing khaki shorts and shirt, the fact that he holds a battered brown briefcase makes him look oddly like a commuter.
when her feet finally touch ground below, indy releases his grip on her and slips the grail diary to brody.
their ritual of washing goes on, but they are all watching the passengers of the train.
we pass a rusty sign.
he sits up and tenses.
eddie drags her limp, trembling body across the dance floor to the stairs.
a glance at john and pearl, and they turn away towards lane in background.
mary has put one bundle into a large envelope and takes the other from caroline.
the dude looks where walter is looking.
valjean is clean-shaven.
still in his santa suit, willie sits alone at the counter in a bar and lights a cigarette.
they laugh; mrs. arnold makes a face at mr. arnold as he grinningly acknowledges the reponse to his snappy comeback.
he stands up next to charlie.
on the dark street below, local men are getting merry and mimicking the dancing going on inside.
he walks out of the bathroom, moving down the hallway towards the camera.
a delicate chocolate teardrop, topped with a swirl of cream.
morgan slowly directs the torch beam around the basement, and starts to walk past a cluttered work bench.
where he stands with his back to the room.
forrest removes the frond to look at the wound.
a band plays the indian national anthem loudly and there is the roar of a tremendous crowd as the green, white and saffron flag of india is raised on the flagpole.
brad drops his towel.
harry pulls the sheet back over his head.
ryan opens his mouth as if he's about to speak, but instead he shuts his eyes and hangs up.
the man walks at a steady pace along a dark street lined with cars, and up a long stairway lit by tall bright lamps on alternate sides.
swinging from the thread, he shoots webbing balls.
the team watch the surveillance screen.
gittes approaches one of the clerks at a desk.
harry beats on a door, and shoots a death eater.
where the younger generations of hmongs have gathered.
arbogast goes in.
we intercut between the stage and her apartment, as mike continues his rant.
half of sandman's head is blown away, and what's left of it looks like a bowl of burning coals.
legolas looking toward eomer who is unsaddling his horse.
she dashes towards his car.
several miles towards the south, a large hill rises out of the woods.
she carries the plate to one of several busy al fresco tables.
helen is about a step and a half away when there is a crash.
santa stares sadly at a group of people drinking a toast.
he stares at the toy for a moment, and them smiling softly to himself, he turns to go.
jenny takes her bags and strides off.
he throws him up onto the balcony balustrade.
and start maliciously whispering to each other.
he turns and waves to the parlor window.
staff are gathered in a meeting room.
long white drapes billow across the room in the breeze.
he sees it, slows.
high up on a skyscraper, a workman hammers a steel girder.
she cycles back past louis.
a truck sits at the end of two rows of huts.
it bounces excitedly, ready to play fetch.
zoe and kate get out.
harry watches in horror as dumbledore is flung backwards over the balustrade.
they burst open and one is hurled high in the air.
the queen gazes at prince philip for a moment and then turns away.
willie looks slightly uneasy.
one of them, sitting down, taps information into a computer while the other technician stands nearby, looking from mickey to the computer screen.
he steps out of the room.
colossus is thumbing for a ride.
a porch light's been left on for her, and the place looks cozy and inviting.
then goes inside.
hannah's smile fades and her eyes dart.
he drops them, puts his ear close and listens.
mother salieri is serving the fish into portions and handing them round.
as they exit the theater, red moves closer to dillinger.
these all open off a balcony which runs all the way around.
he squints at the intensity, the swirling brilliance within.
having failed with the combination, willie has fallen back on drilling to crack the safe.
the next day, kitty is playing with a cup and bowl in the garden.
and that's when jeep opens his hand to find the keys to michael's police cruiser.
it is dark now and gittes follows the channel with the car spotlight.
she turns back and walks into the building by the rear entrance.
emily, anesthetized and wearing a theater cap, lies on the operating table.
david is hurled over the balcony.
lester gropes blindly to shut it off.
king george stands in his cell.
rose closes her eyes, swings, and cuts the handcuff chain in half.
mr. blonde sits on a counter, drinking a fast food coke and eating a hot dog.
visibly nervous she pours tea from a white china pot into a china cup spilling a drop on the saucer.
edward points to his wedding band, glinting in the firelight.
brian's smile wilts as giles turns and saunters off with the other players, who pat him on the back as they go.
he crashes into a display at the bottom and trots up to run through the shop.
he shows himself as voldemort climbs the main staircase.
she buries her face in his chest.
she turns and swims away.
moriarty looks round at him.
bob pats jeep's shoulder, then turns when he hears a car.
they stop as water rushes into the passageway ahead of them.
charlie stands at a table strewn with pictures of the crash as men in suits look on.
on the seat beside ben is a package.
he goes inside and stares wide-eyed in horror at the sight of the soldier's corpse on the hut floor.
he approaches a 4 by 4 with its door open, looks around the yard, then casually slips behind the wheel.
the cashier is already down on the floor, out of frame.
close on various tabloid headlines as a hand flicks through them.
she puts the tall pinkie boots down.
he swallows, glancing at red.
they turn, round and round, moving smoothly to the music.
he is behind the counter now, pushing forward the registration book.
the spider is hurled backwards.
then, carefully takes out his penknife and with great care divides the caramel into six pans.
thurmond gets to his feet.
everything drops 20 feet.
as george opens the office door to exit, he shouts at mr. potter's secretary in the outer office.
the ring lies in the palm of frodo's hand.his fingers close over it.
he's lying on his stomach and looks woozy.
he kisses noah,
sadie watches an episode of lost on an ipad.
she closes her eyes for a moment, then looks again.
fantine is almost fainting with fear, still racked with occasional spasms of coughing.
the house is shrouded in a cloud of dust and smoke,its a big blaze but tiny in the vast landscape.
as lee continues to read aloud, the movie cuts to elliot's darkened den, lit by a light in the hallway.
a woman sits at a bar.
near a lake, he stops and quickly dismounts.
his burden destroyed.
she steps through her front door into a modest apartment.
ben takes a paper cup and sucks on the straw in it, all the while observing the boys and the woman.
they shake hands and baines leaves.
she goes to a cafe with friends.
and slowly the camera pulls back and we see that the cloth is part of a pennant of the nose of an aircraft.
an animal skull hangs from a dry branch.
the sisters walk toward the coatcheck area, deep in conversation.
in her bedroom, mrs. bennet is lying back in her chair, fanning herself.
latika appears on the platform.
tim runs frantically down a street of shops, some of which have neon-lit signs.
jinnah's anger is clearly too deep to be left at the conference table.
dale, kurt and the two detectives stare at nick.
overmyer enters, crosses to nelec, who reviews a folder.
now there are two r.o.u.s.
he stops and looks back at gatsby's mansion.
john slams the door, catching preacher's hand.
evan and kayleigh rush toward the trapped, helpless dog.
a couple of empty bottles fall out of the car as watson struggles out of it.
watson walks over to sim and whispers in her ear.
he clocks her handbag.
benjamin comes downstairs.
jack stretches the chain across the pipe and closes his eyes.
he stops in front of a policewoman.
bert enters his suite, removes his overcoat, then looks at the door that divides his room from sarah's.
a man whips him.
they share a smile and sip their tea.
player two pulls player one's helmet off and punches him in the face.
the bloodstains disappear.
the street lights are reflected in the puddles on the damp pavements.
charlie looks urgently at michael.
he puts the lid on.
she reaches up and adjusts it.
gandhi passes two male secretaries, and the tall civil servant scoots decorously around him to knock once on the inner doors.
cu, salieri staring fixedly at mozart, then mozart still clapping, apparently with tremendous enthusiasm.
dante says nothing.
stepping back into rose's suite, he blows on his hands.
there is a football game in progress on the enormous field.
hermione and ron are close behind, each escorted by a snatcher.
in a moment cross can be seen, looking toward camera.
malfoy takes a snowball to the grill.
javert walks off and turns back.
tom reaches out and pulls the sheet back, revealing myrtle's blood-spattered corpse.
only now we are no longer in the desert: we are looking down a twilight street at the end of which is the arizona house.
gandhi turns to pat their joined hands with his other hand.
their father takes a cup of berries to the sink.
he succeeds, and both men are hurled through the air.
later, he lies in bed.
drover holds the boy out at arm's length and grins happily, stroking his hair.
he lights a cigarette and looks over at daisy,
moriarty comes out and joins him.
minnie, caught with her knickers down, freezes.
harry stands still, surrounded by the swaying reeds.
who looks up at mary jane, clinging onto the web.
as helen crouches to examine him, he collapses in her arms.
with all the strength he can muster.
the sandy ground shakes, knocking spider man over as if a rug is being pulled from under him.
lizzie gives her father a desperate look.
sing song's chop wagon moves on as drover opens the gate to the cattle pen.
the bartender turns and goes back to the bar in the front room.
hoffman watches him go, then puts his earpiece in.
hermione and ron turn to watch him.
gin gets up from the table and goes.
stella sniffs, then goes to the door, as she says.
ferris hangs up, puts on his shades and walks down the track to bassam and nizar.
mozart clasps his father's arms.
later, they follow a covered outdoor walkway.
everett is bewildered.
hagrid's face is red and bruised.
in golden light, emily slips off her delicate sandals and undoes the clasp on her halterneck dress.
he limps over to her and takes her hand.
ladders appear in her stockings as her legs grow to twice their normal size.
harry flexes his neck.
the three men hurry past reggie and jean-louis and out of the door.
abby sips her mojito, studying mike.
he glances at lovejoy.
from beyond the crest of the road ahead a ball of flame has leapt up with the explosion.
suddenly clarence disappears from under bert's hands.
kate steps slowly towards the bed and picks up the remote control, which is lying next to zoe.
joseph looks from david to elijah, then gets up and goes.
later, as they cuddle, they share a warm smile.
this exchange has been kind of quiet, not everybody heard it, but honey bunny senses something's wrong.
bond chases his man down a watery tunnel, but a gate bars his way.
on the bridge, bride runs up to smith.
edgar backs away with laurel, further into the morgue, toward a glass window that looks out at the base of an air shaft.
two men, dressed in work clothes, stand around looking disgruntled.
the rear doors are opened and people stream out.
sallah shoulders his way through the mob toward brody.
a chauffeur is washing down a cream-colored packard with a chamois.
over hi's shoulder as he stares listlessly at himself in the mirror, a razor held forgotten in one hand, his face half lathered and half shaved.
reggie is too busy beating them out to do anything else.
melvin has no idea he has insulted her.
he flicks them open, puts them on, and sets off a little wet.
the tarpaulin flies off to reveal a cargo of tightly-packed sand.
office workers stare at them as they head to a private office.
harry gazes into her dark eyes.
mr. bingley standing with jane calls over to her.
this situation is loaded and they both know it.
there is an expression in col's eyes that makes fergus feel very, very small.
the pimp joins the captain and fantine's hands as the head whore officiates - like a twisted wedding ceremony.
later, police have arrived.
barnes looks up as a gnn cameraman runs past.
he approaches sarah, who plonks his bottle on a waiter's tray.
as watson holds off the soldiers in the corridor, holmes looks out of the open exterior door.
merrill reappears, looks down the stairwell, and nods.
he clutches his neck.
as crouch rises, a figure limps into the hall.
hi is working the drill press, wearing goggles and sweat- stained overalls.
he signals to benzion and krensky.
with that, the men start walking down the larger road.
passing a side table, she presses a button on the answer phone then lifts a remote and turns off the music.
he laughs and roars and cackles and whoops and is in all ways quite cheery until he falls over dead.
still in uniform, hermione has become a cat.
he talks to the offscreen mickey as he walks.
vogel releases his grip on elsa and shoves her toward indy.
the girl in cal's arms looks around herself, wide-eyed.
as the woman gets out, her partner follows.
the lens pans upward and across until it brings thorwald's profile into the picture.
next to complete the join, red checks all over the head mask show the blades, center strip down the chest and round the waist and a touch of red along the arm.
lydia rolls her eyes.
she unzips it, finding some clothes and a toiletry bag.
merrill's mouth opens a bit.
forrest looks at the crowd as he speaks.
of the window, as hi's head appears in it.
finally, kate falls into nick's embrace.
standing in front of the unicorn tapestry, harry takes ginny's outstretched hand and grips it firmly.
bassam reverses the vehicle a few feet.
in another car, two more agents see someone in an overcoat and fedora toting a paper bag across a dark alley.
he makes eye contact with the woman for only a second.
hoses spray water on the fires.
he keeps walking.
a path of paving slabs is laid.
reggie unlocks the door and opens it.
upstairs, greene clears out of his box.
a woman steps out of her room at hotel atlanta.
a cloaked man spots hermione, who walks ahead of the others.
he draws up her dress with his hands.
and shelob pounces!
mother and father stare at the pov, at first in puzzlement, then slow, growing horror.
snoop dog glides into a room.
he wraps the robe around himself
luna holds magazines.
sandra hangs sheets to dry on the clotheslines, forming a tunnel of fabric.
nullah stares up at sarah.
joe shrugs, scratches his head endearingly, uncertain of time and place.
col, the barman, sees him and smiles.
laurie hears squeals, and rustling sounds across the phone.
one soldier creeps nearer, but is shot in the back.
he sees ginny in an upstairs window.
he shoots diana a look.
fergus walks to jody and slowly takes the hood off.
spider-man desperately reaches out a hand as he tries to free himself.
harry peeks out, his image reflected in a mirror.
janie is still practicing at the piano, monotonously.
chili and tommy each sit in a barber chair, reading the newspaper while fred and ed sit nearby playing checkers.
the brown ciera enters and drives lazy s-curves around the few snow-covered cars parked on the roof of the lot.
as they make their way up a flight of steps, lizzie spots darcy looking out of a window.
holding hermione's hand, harry leads the way towards the lake.
the statue of an eagle spreads its wings beneath a blue sky dusted with clouds.
ellen nods and leafs through a file.
potter is seated at his desk, his goon beside him.
nehru pauses as he lowers his head.
tuvia leans against a tree and watches his young brother's distress.
flames and smoke clear but gort remains.
the kitchen-lining room combination of the ballet dancer's apartment has now been made more presentable.
the children make space for him on the bed.
they arrive at a busy research facility.
he hangs onto it and is lifted up off the ground.
patel sits near the head of the cot so the three of them are on a level.
but frodo is awake.
rests a hand on his arm.
other objects start to replicate.
bob pats him affectionately on the cheek.
she looks about, at the closet, the drawers etc., realizes all such places are obvious.
she stands looking lost as he casts a critical eye over the bedroom and marble on-suite bathroom.
ron turns the wheel.
they hide behind a huge pile of giant orange pumpkins.
sadie and her friend wendy run around the yard with charlotte and the triplets.
he pushes a small tin across the counter.
naked in bed, they make love tenderly.
she nervously looks at a couple of men passers by.
he gets out and slams the car door.
rick takes the letters of transit out of his pocket and hands them to renault, who turns and walks toward the hangar.
aragorn shakes his head, smiling his acceptance.
mad-eye moody appears in the doorway.
the passenger cop is leaning far out his window, one hand gripping the light-and-siren rack, the other pointing a gun at hi, shooting away.
she brushes minnie's hand away.
full moon shining through the trees.
as abby and colin walk to their seats, mike talks to abby on an earpiece.
he waves, and gandhi shouts out to them all over the putt-putt of the generator.
this is the formidable madame weber and her three daughters, constanze, josefa and sophie.
the nco scans their faces.
we see the statue cole stole from the church is in here.
gets his breath.
he glares at the tent.
hurrying past two men standing in a corridor and a third sitting in a waiting area, he enters the conference room.
ronnie sits up straight.
the bullet not only passes through the nazi, but passes through two other nazis standing directly behind him on the crowded tank top and three bodies fall away, leaving indy to stare at the gun in disbelief.
oldemort moves aside a giant's body which falls from the bridge.
wickham rides past them again, and lydia grins cheekily at her sisters.
a guy smiles at carl.
forrest looks up in fear.
malcolm shakes his head in disbelief.
ron holds up the open locket.
illuminated by the flames from the burning cottage, snape stands alone.
then he swings the door open and yells out.
harry gently strokes her outstretched hand.
the driver gets out of the open-topped car to investigate the obstacle in the road.
he spins her back and forth, then pulls her closer.
smeath is being forcibly removed.
he is interrupted by a babble of talk, as the directors take up the argument.
he takes the glass out of wick's hand.
gandalf turns.his eyes locking onto the ring in frodo's fingers.
vizzini turns a cold eye on the princess.
thrown fifty yards from the main wreckage is the pick-up truck.
he looks at the house.
he puts the fly-ridden honey pot down and carries the tea glasses and the teapot over to a table.
the attendant holds out a towel, don wipes his hands.
boromir is motionless.
the taxi slows in front of cedar lake.
showing off, draco malfoy pokes his finger into his mandrake's mouth.
bikini girl looks concerned.
homer runs the length of the barroom to a far window.
nehru stares at him, feeling the sudden fear that gandhi means it.
he leans over looking at the water, fascinated, glances furtively around him, hunches himself as though about to jump.
the baroque music continues as she enters the loft, her head soaked.
in the car, sandy's hardened gaze fixes ahead as diana sits on her side facing him.
as she runs toward the bank, clutching nathan jr.to her chest.
in a hotel room, ferris rubs a towel over his wet hair then brushes on a foamy white solution.
laurie shoves them into the bathroom and pulls the door shut, leaving herself outside in the bedroom.
the game goes on.
robin looks from prince philip to the queen.
lights are going on in houses down the street.
she peers in through one of the two oval leaded windows.
hermione and harry are both back to themselves.
the woman also turns, but the german soldier drops to one knee and fires.
she disturbs a swarm of buzzing flies.
handsome and rugged school boy glances up the boat at rambo.
switching views over time show david at varying spots on the polished marble floor.
indy loses his balance but regains it.
the cattle move agitatedly through the dust storm which engulfs the drove.
abby and mike sit in the backseat.
rose smiles.
emily lies peacefully on the operating table, eyes closed.
sitting on cushions in front of a roaring fire, under a sheet stretched out like a safari tent, the trio share the pizza.
peter's at his doctor being examined.
laurie sits down on the couch and sighs.
he exchanges fire with the young man.
charles turns and leaves the room.
his eyes fixed on hers, he draws her away from the radio.
she hops into the passenger seat.
she stands near the door, with her back to both of them.
he marches her to a barn.
from his point of view we hold on a gaunt young, aged woman holding a baby wrapped in rags as threadbare as her sari.
the man in black, 75 feet from the top now, maybe less--maybe only 50--and his pace is as dazzling as before, and.
rose shakes jack's hand up and down.
this has sobered the audience somewhat.
from her discreet distance, she lowers the camera, holding it against her mouth, waiting for gandhi's response.
a stiff breeze is ruffling her hair and nightclothes.
he starts to wade back to the bank.
legs crossed, she arches her body back, her arms out stretched.
blinking, david looks away.
it blasts out raising clouds of leaves and knocking people off their feet.
it recognizes him at once.
he pans his camera around, and on the lcd screen he sees veronica by the pillar with the young man enrique saw her with.
louise reaches over and takes his gun.
he plays another tune.
police and civilians dive for cover as debris rains down.
westley and inigo, watching as fezzik catches buttercup.
he goes through the archway.
the swarm darkens the sky behind klaatu.
the column starts to march.
he pulls his headphones off as he looks out of the window.
mr. welch reaches in his pocket for money.
a coach looks at the television.
don stands and looks at himself in the mirror, the gun in his hand.
the book is soaking wet.
inside, willie climbs an elegant marble staircase toward a balustrated balcony.
audrey's eyes glaze with water.
more corpses of people and animals litter the dry muddy ground.
brody picks up some mail from henry's cluttered desk.
he smiles, then pulls his knees up, making room for her in the tub.
jamal pulls his pants up.
the screen shows a chaise in mickey's apartment; an ashtray on a stand sits nearby.
a police reaches out his way and the bmw smashes the door off a squad car as willie makes his escape.
arbogast gets to the phone booth, enters.
banky looks around.
he still has his bike top on but is naked from the waist down.
the gun drops.
the skiff passes.
wormtail emerges from the shadows.
they cover the car.
he grabs a carton from the cooler case, pops it open, and examines each egg carefully.
she reaches out to touch his face.
kay steps up to him, the small human facing off against the giant alien hug.
roland is driving.
at the apartment, zoe watches tv as kate works at her desk.
he looked down at the struggling crowd and the boarding platform below.
evan, his back to the camera, walks to the front door and opens it to hannah.
as hi lands against it, banging his head.
they cross a small stream.
they spin round to face their enemies.
a jeep roars past.
the secretary has opened the door.
then, as the moped gets closer, he jumps out of the car.
mr and mrs. nathan, a couple in their early seventies, sit behind their counter and watch a black and white tv.
looking scared, harry hauls back a hinged portrait, dials a combination and opens the safe behind it.
crawford continues his oil painting.
don gets up.
evan sighs and gives up.
flint watches from the edge of a building above as spider- man staggers out of the red van, looking around frantically.
on hold with the phone cradled under an ear, will sorts through a bundle of mail dropped on his desk.
local peasants act as porters nearby.
he stops and looks back, taking in her new look from top to toe.
next, he comes to the dummy modeling the mink stole.
javert seizes it, opens it, and reads.
mr. weasley organizes the erection of a marquis outside the house.
he gives a wry smile.
she rushes to the telephone and leans against a wall as she holds the receiver to her ear.
the sun sets behind the sydney opera house in harbour bridge.
he has now, with some difficulty, completed the tying of joe's tie, adjusts it beautifully on joe's collar, then spins him around in front of a mirror.
he stops for a moment to look at his hands.
the rpg grazes a chopper and the chopper destroys one of the four-by-fours.
zus hands tuvia some vodka.
bo moves up to the bear.
the minister lays a flat pouch on the table.
the milkman walks up to the front door and puts two pints of milk on the doorstep.
it is a woman, falling in slow motion, her limbs flailing, her mouth contorted by either fear or ecstasy.
as he starts to rise, hermione grabs him, speaks fiercely.
on the bedside cabinet, photos of aunt may, uncle ben and mj.
eckard grunts as he starts to rise.
from above, we see the figures of fergus and dil, sleeping on a double bed, both fully clothed.
vanessa looks penetratingly at juno.
david watches him, sighs, and turns to walk in the other direction.
he writhes on top of her in a grotesque parody of love.
alice smiles as the vast structure begins to take shape.
sandy watches the man place his suit in a locker as the guard rubs diana's butt.
forrest places the letter down at the grave marker, next to fresh flowers.
he juts out his jaw, then locks eyes with her.
kayleigh begins to tremble.
rohan soldiers emerge from their tents, crestfallen to see aragorn leave.
david lays back.
eddie tries to take her in his arms, but she beats on his chest, sobbing, unable to make words.
a man in a bowler hat gets out of the car.
he wears a polyester uniform vest.
and his wagon starts, and as it does.
he looks at his hand and ponders.
he is addressing one of the cons.
the old deserted house.
he confidently enters the park.
evan and kayleigh have just finished having sex.
he picks up irene's handkerchief from the chessboard.
later in an elegant restaurant, billie uneasily scans her surroundings, then looks to dillinger.
the queen's land rover enters the grounds of a country estate, followed by the bodyguards' car.
her attitude shows her dissatisfaction.
gorbag peer curiously at frodo as he leans down and pokes at frodo's lifeless body.
a screen shows a sphere being blasted with a flamethrower, making the surface transparent.
she puts her finger down on the receiver.
on the operating table the naked slime covered body of a man curles up into a fetal position.
from high we see a foreshortened lawman holding a bullhorn surrounded by armed deputies.
a guy strides confidently through the bar.
in the office, jack, still handcuffed to the pipe, climbs onto a desk as the water rises.
the guest of honor looks appalled.
his attention is drawn to the argument across at mj's.
abby walks up to stuart.
neff is still clutching the horn of the dictaphone.
at her home charlotte shouts up the stairs.
gandalf looks shocked, denethor's eyes narrow.
her face clammy with fear, she stares uncertainly down the misty pathway.
he takes a couple steps back.
draco's broomstick catches on a wooden strut.
mr. miller is puzzled, but watches evan skip to the fireplace.
sitting the gryffindor table neville looks round.
daisy kisses him as autumn leaves fall around them.
the sky lightens.
cal hangs his head and shakes it.
the front door has a holly wreath on it.
a moment of embarrassed doubt, then he starts toward a half- finished building -- wooden sides, door, but canvas still covering the roof.
camera pulls back slowly as she descends, until we see all of her.
the burly agent stiffens his jaw.
in horror, she scrabbles into the bag.
we've seen this same routine before.
bleeker is lying on his bed, looking at the photo of juno in his yearbook.
the camera follows her; mickey is now offscreen.
obviously losing it now, rubs his eyes and quickly walks off to a row of payphones.
as they all walk out, mike grabs the remote from the kid.
morgan nods and then plops back into the backseat.
jeep snatches it up and aims it at gladys who turns calmly to face him.
still in costume, he notices blood trickling down his arm, ready to drop.
she looks at them soberly and then they all burst into laughter like girls.
night, the glimmer of a taxi staring out the window as he's swept through.
a huge dilapidated house stands silhouetted against the night sky.
george nelson, now fully outside and facing the pursuit vehicles, has one hand clamped on the car roof and waves to delmar with the other.
vizzini sits motionless.
he is perspiring heavily.
silence, parrish is at a loss.
the minister's eyes flit from harry to ron, then to hermione.
joseph unscrews the cap of a big carton of orange juice and carefully pours himself half a glass full.
hani goes to a door with a window in it and knocks on the glass.
they stare down at the naked baby.
forrest look around the field at the left.
the girl reluctantly does.
they sink into a passionate embrace.
the flag, still attached to the pole, is dragged through the water.
a map of the proposed jewish area: two distinct districts, one large, one smaller.
he finds it unlocked.
stepping up to him, lovejoy glances down, then grabs cal's shoulder and pulls him away.
the aboriginal tracker looks up and sees water poring out of holes at the top of the tower.
burton stares out at the city's rain soaked denizens with a deep hatred, the shadows looming in doorways, the streetwalkers.
he is unfurling his raincoat in order to put it on before he steps from under the marquee.
he gazes up at photos and paintings on the walls.
barnes spots a man wearing dark glasses slip his hand into an inside pocket.
she starts to walk away down the corridor.
mary is in an old white bath robe.
he lowers himself back into his chair and bows his head.
in front of him, a white bandaged figure is lying on another trolley.
the dusty boys pile out.
his legs wrapped around the toilet bowl and his head near the door.
gittes turns sharply.
joseph finally looks up.
javert is below them.
meanwhile, the shopaholics group are getting the auction items ready.
sydney stands waiting nearby.
as before, szpilman and benek march towards the ghetto gates in the demolition column, four abreast, under the command of the jewish foremen and guarded by the two german policemen.
she checks his pulse.
he spits and walks out.
lizzie opens it and begins to read.
morgan and bo are frozen watching a set of long fingers reach under the front door.
in a dressing room, makeup is applied and costumes are checked.
daisy sits looking dazed.
he hears the voices again, coming from the adjoining flat.
thelma comes out of the front of the store.
a black jaguar car pulls to a stop in the palace courtyard.
harry runs to cedric and helps him to free himself.
he's looking in five directions at once.
the car lot is across the street.
the weasly twins have harry sitting on their shoulders.
the beauxbatons girls leave in uniform, the crowd applauds.
jeff keeps his eyes trained on the window.
they mouth hello, smiling, and begin to walk off together.
mirabehn smiles weakly, gives ba a last little rub of farewell and stands.
more and more pieces of the structure of the lab are being sucked into the glowing sphere.
they look around themselves as they walk past crates and stacks of boxes.
at her home, a well groomed brunette in a flowery, sleeveless, '60s style dress pulls out a length of toilet paper and marks it with dots.
he jerks the bike right, to where an alleyway flanks the side of the bank.
galadriel's eyes settle on sam.
two stewards with flashlights step down a short corridor and into the cargo hold.
azad, tahib, a muslim whose house this is, mirabehn and pyarelal are with him along abdul ghaffar khan.
after the festive fornication, willie leans against the car having a smoke.
two people leave the bar as they approach.
black cars drive up to the palace and past crowds of people gathered behind barriers.
they head to the bar.
in the fire, his image fades away into the embers.
on the bonnet of the van, her head resting on the sloping front windscreen, with her hands tuck behind her back staring up at the sky.
later, andy gets into the back of a smart, black executive car, which is parked outside the venue.
vic crosses himself again as tugboat plows forward and smashes into the side of the u-boat.
now the sisters are walking over a stone bridge, accompanied by mr. collins.
in the fusion chamber, beams of light appear.
malcolm takes in the sad vision of this boy.
flynn takes his harmonica off nullah.
kate sits down on the edge of the bed and looks down wistfully.
suddenly a car appears from down the street and slowly pulls into the driveway.
the audience applauds as mike takes a deep breath and heads on stage.
ron looks across the board.
the cave troll lunges forward, thrusting at frodo's chest with his spear.
one of the limbs drags peter to octavius.
in his office, sadiki shows a model to three men.
captain stacy puts a mugshot down in front of aunt may.
next to her is her younger brother.
it is narrow and simple.
we push in.
following diana, sandy trips off the curb and lands in a closed-off lane.
the creature begins to turn and becomes more visible as its lines and colors don't match in position in the room.
now, he's on horseback, trotting through a shady avenue of trees, on his way to longbourn.
neff moves back into the lobby, camera following him.
a man wearing a summer suit walks by as the film moves inside the building, to elliot's analyst's office.
pete pops the front and reads the inscription.
she smiles as they join the nighttime traffic.
with a touch, he sends helen's car crashing into the cop, crushing him against his own cruiser.
mr. miller charges evan just as the fuse is lit!
george and mary are talking to sam wainwright in front of the latter's car.
deveroux stares, suddenly chilled.
his wife messes a soldier's jacket.
abby spins to face stuart.
george sneezes violently.
from her window, jane watches, pulling the drapes in front of her.
eyes never open.
like him they hold the same offices, but are a new team.
and spider gets out.
ferris, much of the bruising on his face gone, walks along an arcade, past market traders.
ferris watches hani walk up to the kneeling figure.
huge broken stone statues lie about the floor.
harry looks up and sees mr. diggory, cedric, and mr. weasley hiking sedately down to earth.
nearby, lizzie is sitting with a rather serious mary.
the hobbits live in hobbit holes: neat burrows dug into the grassy hillside, with round doors and cute front gardens.
edward looks back at the spooky house.
m sits stony faced.
gandhi whispers, trying to ignore the crowd.
harry holds up the match beside a framed photograph.
forrest hits two balls at a time against the opposite side of the table.
walt looks back at him.
as they walk down a hall, suydam takes notes.
hi, with ed standing by, is just opening the door to a young couple.
later, the pace hots up.
people huddled on the ground look up at tuvia, but only zus stands up, draping his machine gun over his shoulder.
harry slowly turns to face him.
he aims his gun at the squabbling guys.
he moves on, steadying himself with the ice ax.
he, too, hurdles the guard rail and lands on.
smartly suited, ryan puts his backpack on a table and steps up to a lectern.
an x-ray machine hovers above her feet, aligning a cross- haired light pattern with her ankle.
silent bob lights a smoke.
david just stares at the black steel circles on the metal bar.
he pushes her aside and leans into the cot to uncover the infant.
he walks up a snow-covered hillside, a lonely figure silhouetted against the skyline.
he leads the two man across the living room to the bedroom.
pete runs on a treadmill while getting an electrocardiogram.
the hippogriff soars down through the treetops, flaps its wings as a brake and lands in a clearing.
he heads inside and the girls follow him.
ben puts his briefcase on the floor.
the blind seer pumps the car along the distant track, singing harmony under the wharvey gals' receding voices.
the men avoid looking at one another.
merrill looks up.
outside, passengers paddle two lifeboats away from the titanic.
norton has gone behind his desk.
he strides off.
darcy's carriage pulls up at the sea front.
as bathilda turns her attention to hermione.
he stares at one of them.
she approaches a children's choir singing in the open to an audience of adults who clap along.
harry turns as the open mouth of a grinning shark looms towards him.
in one of these, a class of students stand waiting around a long bench filled with rows of potted plants.
the rumble erupts into a deafening roar.
there is not much movement elsewhere.
the couple stares thoughtfully into the darkness.
smoke fills the sky above las vegas.
fats rises, ready to play.
with his hands in the pockets of his brown sweatshirt, over his skimpy yellow shorts, he kisses her.
caroline in the road waving her arms.
he raises himself onto his elbows and massages the red lump on his jaw.
she gazes out of the windscreen.
jane does so, surprised and intimidated by the power in his voice.
he, and we, start to examine her from foot to head; for this is our heroine at last.
still staring at george, and smiling.
silent bob busts a move with his hands.
finally, lenny throws the bomb in the mailbox.
gladden field.isildur leads a small column of men through darkening woods.the one ring glinting on a chain around his neck.
outside, harry walks slowly across the deserted courtyard.
he bends forward and kisses her on the temple.
it slithers off him.
fergus resumes work.
willie gives marcus the finger as he walks away across the car park.
she cradles him in her arms.
lee stops on a portico and turns to greet doug, a professor, who is running over to her, calling her name.
tony's hand covers the receiver.
zus addresses asael, who's standing with chaya.
-- it pulls away from the head.
he jumps down.
and then kisses him.
oliver is sitting on the couch with charlotte and sadie watching the last scene of lost.
gandalf as he surveys the peaceful scene before him.
daniel looks up.
he turns and runs, fists pumping.
he picks up a spanner and tightens the nut.
a young snatcher is in close pursuit of harry.
big dan has the toad in his enormous fist.
edward's eyes are closed.
then donovan notices a reflection from the hills.
she shakes her head and presses the flower to her.
rose grips the axe handle with both hands.
gwen slides down the tilting floor and just manages to hang onto a telephone cable.
he starts by moving a white pawn.
a parcel is dropped to one of the children below.
he stays on top of her for a moment.
david struggles to the surface, clinging to the pole, lets go of it to claw his fingers over the pool edge.
diana helps sandy up and pushes him aside as the car accelerates.
he kisses the back of her hand.
another black panther named masai grabs forrest and pats him down.
he switches off the microphone as the song, a duet of 'i'll fly away', scratchily issues from a monitor.
fletcher knocks carney into a swamp with his rifle and a crocodile attacks the cattle king.
she stands in front of skeeter with the notebook open in her hands.
don has something of the feeling of a man watching the execution of a very good friend, but he senses helen's eyes upon him and preserves his nonchalant expression.
suddenly behind annie the shape walks through the hallway between the living room and the kitchen.
dobby grips harry's hand.
jenny stands completely aghast as the men walk away.
forrest runs, followed by his group, as a man runs up to him.
resting against a tree and partially covered in vines is a dull gray object, bullet shaped but with fins at one end.
the first boy looks nervous.
barnes takes aim some way back.
gandhi nods, and reluctantly the adversaries move back to the conference room.
the twins start to fight.
she takes out ben's business card and studies it.
the quill writes.
stan shunpike turns the handle of his machine and gives harry a bus ticket.
juno runs up to her car sobbing.
her eyes are open again.
the writers have gathered in a frenzy to watch the fight brew.
they look up.
jack descends past a winged statue.
they are speeding off down the highway with the radio blaring.
through a doorway, norma can be seen sitting on a chair in the kitchen.
lenny is sighting down the gun, swinging it around as he approaches the car.
the driver, with thick stubble and cap, puts on a tape as he drives off.
drawers of an old secretary have been pulled out and are on the floor.
they disappear through it one after the other.
gittes gets out of the car, clubs the fence near the flood channel itself.
and then a little girl comes into view, smiling and holding money.
they are wearing severe but modishly retro suits.
the morning sun shimmers through the mountains and voldemort, as they drift harmlessly upwards, like ashes from a paper fire.
the mother pulls back the shawl.
indoors, they kiss passionately.
the beam illuminates his brother, sitting on the floor, leaning against a pillar.
dante says even less than nothing.
his daughter prepares to throw in.
the director and her assistant fight back tears.
he turns back, bewildered.
they walk inside.
elrond his face grim.
behind her, in the open window above the washing machine, we see the shape looking in.
elijah just stands staring for the longest time.
the bespectacled mop-head guy nods for sydney to pass and he does, racing off through the crowd.
they tumble, fully clothed, onto their bed, kissing and rolling around.
accompanied by a durmstrang student and their teacher, karkaroff, viktor krum approaches the circle.
he has made his judgment of the painting and now moves on.
rose places her gloved hand over his.
harry reaches out, takes back his fedora, and gives a cheeky shrug.
the three men are alerted.
they sway slowly to the music.
she kisses him on the lips.
we now see charles, big and in an ill-fitting black suit, and martin, good looking, in a shirt and tie, at the buffet.
he looks over at jacob, who's making a bunch of women laugh.
he drives through the electronic gates.
he throws money down onto his table.
voldemort leans down into the tomb and peers close to the dead, whose body shows no sign of decay.
drover is thrown over the bar, but comes up swinging.
he is a handsome young man underneath.
harry holds his head in pain.
then, raises the phone to speak.
as harry vaults into the patch, the crows stir, cawing at his ankles, pecking at his feet.
it rumbles beneath a car.
he eyes an attractive hmong girl who's sitting with some boys.
the lift hurtles backwards, then the shoots up.
pushed by 20 huge mountain trolls.
he is carrying a bag of groceries which he deposits on the kitchen counter.
duke sits with them beneath a shade of a tree.
another minute takes by.
the glass sphere grows dark.
they take off the cloak.
blood streaming down his forehead, lovejoy grips a side railing as it splits apart
as helen speaks, he tries to get near it without her noticing.
she looks to indy, who pulls the grail diary from his pocket.
suddenly he stops his dictation with an instinctive feeling that he is not alone in the room.
ed stepping into his line of fire, blocking lenny.
lizzie puts down the letters and hurries over to the door.
they break into an office, and marcus walks over to a large safe.wille stares at it gast.
don is about to slug edward again when he turns.
carl points at allison and starts to smile.
rebecca covers her face.
a group of men wander past, watching.
charlie shakes her head and supports him.
he is deep in thought, with a crafty expression on his face.
the queen looks down after reading the third message.
a third assistant runs down the side of the cliff and over to escobar.
eddie takes his cue ball from the cashier's cage and heads for a table.
hannah leans over and tenderly puts her hand on his shoulder.
george runs up the path to the front door of the house and raps on the door.
he stares into space miserably and swallows.
the boys look blank.
julia locks dale in.
he dives into the murky darkness.
using his gun as a pointer, pumpkin points to the briefcase.
sydney sits in his apartment with his bespectacled father and mrs. kowalski.
it is twelve-thirty when eddie felson and charlie burns first enter into ames.
he looks up at gandhi and his own respect for him is almost poignantly manifest.
in a limber darting move, arching his back, spider-man avoids another blade.
his broomstick goes out of control.
on his bronzed chest there is a star of david.
jack glances up at the skylight and walks down the staircase to the landing where he studies a wall clock with an elaborately carved wooden casing.
he takes the portfolio and puts it on a table.
watson grabs the steward by the scruff and throws him off the train.
a group of soldiers are cut in two.
carla removes her top and sits on top of dan in his wheelchair.
sandy exits the back holding the pink slip.
the crowd on the bridge continue to throw debris.
he stomps off.
alison looks at a tight-lipped sidney and shrugs.
she walks out, shutting the door behind her.
she throws the pebble through the window.
helen looks shocked and stares out of the window of the chopper at the city lights.
bond is hurled against a wall and showered with glass.
she gets down the thermometer.
he takes the steps with less and less hesitation.
lester enters and opens the refrigerator.
the other boys slap their heads.
she falls back on the bed.
carl smiles wryly.
mrs. hurst is also seated.
purvis steps forward, arms folded across his chest.
his interrogator wields a bullwhip.
she knows gandhi's feeling for him.
the witch-king swooping down on his fell-beast!
the shot goes in.
gandhi shakes his head.
harry goes to the pile of books on the low table by the fire.
he looks across at her.
the guard takes out his gun and slides it over.
david opens the closest one.
cole covers his eyes with his hands.
they scatter among the desks in the open plan office.
he pretends to write notes.
in his cabin tuvia is fighting the fever.
gittes lets it go on for a moment, then picks it up without saying anything.
he focuses on the car owner's address.
a woman's necklace, a man's medals, a military man holding white glass, an eye cross spinning to a white uniform.
john leaves the shot.
tight on charles' camera -- on its side, finishing up a.
he stops, stares at him for a moment, then turns and walks over to minnesota fats.
nehru is grabbed, and hurled so that he half falls, half leaps to the street.
in the ruins, moran frees moriarty from the rubble.
they sit by the water; drooling willows; almost in travesty of a romantic scene.
a few delegates sit at long tables.
gebczynski and szpilman apprehensive, push through the rear section, packed with poles, seated and standing, until they reach a chain and a sign.
his face troubled, harry remains alone inside the tent.
hermione crouches by a bunk bed, listening to the radio.
klaatu follows at a leisurely pace.
inigo watches the count approach, and the count flicks his sword at inigo's heart, and there's not much inigo can do, just kind of vaguely parry the thrust with the six-fingered sword and count rugen's blade sinks deeply into inigo's left shoulder.
he hugs a stunned delmar.
and obscuring his face with a tray of canapes, he saunters into the party past the nazi clipboard woman.
nora holding her things, knocks on melvin's door.
rose gulps as she stares at the comb.
whores sing from the warehouse doorways, from on top of the spars of the ships, writhing around figureheads and from the rotting ship.
laszlo takes the ring and looks at it.
later, mary jane steps out of the doorway of a jazz restaurant.
he faces the table as she wipes her cheeks and looks down at her hands.
harry watches the grieving family.
holly groans, looking at her sister, while april sips her drink and nods.
a pan scrubber cleans a frying pan which holds itself under a running tap.
calmly taking a knee, the lawman aims again, rubbing his finger on the trigger.
a cloud of black smoke rises, craddles hermione in the rubble.
outside, dillinger and his men step out of their car.
hilly sashays into the sitting room.
his accomplice holds a pipe in his raised hand as he pushes brian behind dillinger.
mark suddenly sees juno for what she is -- a teenage girl.
he turns and leaves his desk.
he struggles to his feet, facing the policeman who has struck him.
gavroche calls out.
outside, natalie is embracing a big beefy guy.
a large, brilliant persian rug lies beneath the dude's beat- up old furniture.
craning down.
melvin stalks out.
tom stands with his back to gatsby, who takes daisy's hand.
she's approached by women in white uniforms and nurses' hats.
he wrenches a fang from it's jaw.
ricky and jane lie curled up on jane's bed, fully clothed.
rambo opens up another can and drowns the deck in more petrol.
and now he rises, eyes still closed.
lizzie gives her hysterical mother a wry smile.
eventually, he turns to brian with disdain.
sugar gets on the bus leaving minnie behind.
the dog takes a snap at melvin, but the man is much meaner and quicker than the dog -- he holds his snout shut with his hand and reaches for the door of the garbage chute.
straight-backed and without the use of a cane, benjamin goes to a window and peers out through narrowed eyes.
nick puts down his documents.
the father becomes very still.
harry places it carefully on his bedside table beside a half -eaten plate of food.
the garishly made-up woman takes a handicapped parking tag off the rear view mirror and tosses in back.
juno looks them both in the eye.
the two men bow their heads to the queen, who's standing in the middle of the room.
the operator stares at the electronic traces on his screen, which flickers.
forrest pulls out notes from his pocket.
faramir and a few survivors flee west osgiliath, desperately riding toward minas tirith.
gatsby stands with a painting of charging stags behind him.
brian nods bitterly as don and the presenter rise from their seats and stroll away across the studio floor.
eponine looks down sadly and disappears into the shadows.
he speeds through an intersection.
he looks off.
the camera keeps filming as ferris is lifted onto the table, face down.
who trips and falls.
as the valet drives off with chili's minivan, a cab pulls up and harry - his hands bandaged, his neck in a massive brace - gets out.
the dementor's wand falls.
the guard closes the door, but remains in the room.
harry races out of the house.
throughout walter has been staring at larry with the homework extended towards him.
he gets through and passes rick.
leaving the hall.
patel stands, letting mirabehn pass before him and do down the corridor with azad.
he shoots a third agent.
harry tugs ron's lapel.
his shot passes through a narrow gap between pieces of machinery, just missing watson.
this news hits reggie hard and she stops, in alarm.
he drags baby face, who continues to shoot.
joe watches them drive off.
sandra sits at the counter across from him, staring at a prescription bottle tipped in front of her, pills spread around.
graham takes morgan's hand.
orderly #2 acts quickly, beating jason with his baton.
morgan hess is seated under the jungle gym with houdini on his lap.
he takes hermione's hand.
mrs. gump and forrest watch the television.
dillinger shrugs his brows.
charlie flings the severed appendages off her and she and jeep scoot away from the window.
again he laughs a little nervously.
clinging to the creature's neck, harry sees his reflection in the water as buckbeak skims low over the lake, one huge claw just touching the surface.
they two step up into the carriage that awaits them.
hi looks up.
the man's camera drops to the ground.
he takes a seat on the second to last step.
angela stands in front of the mirror, fixing her make-up.
a deputy escorts dillinger in, in shackles.
leaps onto the window blinds and scuttles up them to an inverted v-shaped ceiling, which she scampers over.
ben pulls up and turns to her awkwardly.
a man in a conservative suit (jim #1) chastises the barking dog.
the light only penetrates a few feet into the crops.
he shoves people out of his way.
he shakes his head from side to side.
don carries the bag under his open coat by the pressure of his upper arm.
as amos starts to walk away, edward hurries to catch up with him.
sue carefully removes her slippers and then peels off her sheer, hold-up socks.
benjamin retreats into the shadows and leaves the room.
he comes into medium close-up.
the gateau floats out of the kitchen.
the elevator arrives, the men step inside.
hermione sees his footprints.
edward continues his narration.
the camera now moves away over to the window and looks up to the house, and as it gets there we hear, coming from within the house, the sound of norman's fearful, shocked voice.
olaf looks quizzically at silent bob.
his shirt and tank top have ridden up unflatteringly.
now, lizzie's out in the garden, carrying a basket full of flowers.
the three men tense up.
he looks at her suddenly.
it spills down his chin as he drains the glass.
they stare straight of the inflatable.
lawyer's hands consign john to rachel.
they glare angrily at each other.
sam cannot see what frodo sees.
she avoids maman's eyes but doesn't move.
she walks to the window and glances out.
sadie's parents watch from a row in the back.
a semi-comatose santa is on his way as he lies on the escalator clutching a broken bottle.
the manhattan and brooklyn suspension bridges stretch across the east river, which flows through the endless sprawl of buildings that make up new york city.
the black woman continues to read her magazine.
ben and elaine are seated at a table.
she sits and stares, thinking hard.
malfoy's ski mask is pulled over his eyes, he's spun about, given a rough kick to the ass and sent stumbling over the rise and out of sight.
the snitch is hovering beside him.
robbie receives the text.
kate picks up a delicate spun-sugar cage, and gently positions it over a white chocolate mousse on a bed of sliced strawberries.
disheveled and dirty, hermione and ron approach herry
he tosses the towel out the window.
she heads back the way they came.
kate is outside zoe's school.
he adjusts the chair in front of the dressing table.
david looks across the store at elijah talking with the customers.
he puts the light out in the living room and goes out the door.
juno, standing over her, watches her with a mixture of fondness and pride, as vanessa gazes at the swollen belly like a love struck puppy.
ben walks out of the veranda room and into the lobby.
now, outside in the darkness, robin hurriedly approaches balmoral castle.
he blinks, then raises an eyebrow.
he drops the costume, then walks down the alley and away from the dust bin into which he has consigned the last vestige of the super hero.
as the door start to close she reaches out towards a hastily approaching colleague.
at the same time we hear a shot.
reggie is dressed in a lovely givenchy dress.
he looks round at helen comforting jacob.
two bullet holes appear in barnes' windscreen, and javier sits back into the police car.
as they watch it recede into the distance, joe and alice hold hands.
after a motionless beat he picks up the phone and punches in a number.
rose's jaw slackens as she stares at cal.
a waitress joins them.
the rippling waters of hogwarts' lake are surrounded by dark mountains.
in the middle background of the extreme long shot two men are walking across the field.
jenny gets out and steps away from the car.
tuvia beckons to their youngest brother, and all three stand locked in a hug.
harry holds neville back.
scabior releases his hold as they near the gate.
and heads over to jacob's table, just as the woman gets up to leave.
willie stares back at him.
harry and hermione plunge into frame astride buckbeak, soaring toward the castle.
he starts to cross the road.
george opens the door and exits to the street.
the first car's driver door opens and a figure in a parka emerges, holding two styrofoam cups.
underneath, she finds his wallet.
malcolm's face turns to stone.
holden's eyes are downcast.
he winces as she injects him in the stomach.
forrest stands at the helm of his boat and slowly glides by the docks.
strasser and renault look up at them from their table.
she strokes her forehead.
szpilman and henryk, too, continue on their way.
the football coach runs along the sidelines as he yells.
mr. weasley follows, anxiously.
octavius holds him tightly in his arms and his head smashes through signs on the side of the track.
but scobie, his face horribly distorted from the strain, continues to inch forward toward the gun.
a masked death eater is approaching slowly along the passage.
she is leaning against another doorway, a faraway look on her face as she listens to the music.
winstead opens a gold cigarette case and briefly thumbs the contents.
he drops his beer can.
the crew watch awestruck as the flood water clears the surrounding mountains.
jamal looks up and catches sight of her.
they stop.
sarah stands up and slowly removes her headset as she stares out of the window.
he bins a full-size pillow.
dappled by a pale shifting light, she looks back up at the stars.
he shakes his head at banky and flips it open.
he raises the metal object and points it at a street lamp.
nick stands staring at the manuscript, clutching his hands together.
at the bottom, they light another sparkler and look around the gloomy tunnel.
sandy slows down and lightly hits the back panel of the van, barely nudging it.
he stops in the doorway and drains the bottle of its remaining contents, which is about a quarter.
he pops it down the back of his trousers.
holmes sits in the savoy's restaurant with his back to the entrance.
fabienne enters the room.
it slithers ominously after harry.
on a bus on her way home, aibileen is napping.
all the cast is lined up on stage.
we see the english reporter waiting skeptically.
gatsby turns away and sits.
at the far end of the bar, a seedy, unshaven man in his late 40s, wearing a santa costume, sits alone, enjoying two glasses of an entirely different kind of spirit.
as sam stares down at his shoeless feet.
he holds up his hand with a cloth tied around it.
holmes sets a booby-trap on the door.
she puts the baby in his high chair.
harry turns to face him.
the manager of the station, eddie, is with him.
we're tight on joe now, watching alice.
sitting up, charlotte faces her dad.
he passes the women and walks through the doorway into the living room, nodding hello to a guest who is walking the other way.
harry's eyes appear.
one grabs the gun.
martin is checking out karen, nodding.
cho is standing outside the hall as the students come out.
two london buses drive straight at them.
kyle is with them.
lenore stands up, angry.
ron comes up.
his boat is moored below at the water's edge.
the paddle-steamer approaches the french coast.
he closes his eyes in fear.
he pauses, stares at them, and descends.
darryl still holds the phone in his hand.
ba looks at him coldly.
towers and buildings are destroyed.
as darcy is standing in front of his mirror, getting dressed, his butler brings him his frock coat.
the runway starts to collapse.
it is early morning.
marwan and ferris get out of the suv.
louise slams the closet door.
sanford skates up to him.
he begins to laugh.
red perches on the side of the car, his gun raised.
the scrawny alvin takes a seat beside dillinger and leans close.
benjamin gently shakes him.
harry returns again and again, forcing the liquid into dumbledore's mouth.
sinuous roots creep towards fleur from under the hedge.
caroline takes a manila envelope from daisy's bag.
we see dil from his point of view, then fergus walks inside.
the camera moves down the tree to reveal a well-kept, red-brick brownstone on a pleasant, sunny new york city street.
graham walks over.
the car enters the tunnel.
evan offers it to lenny.
he indicates that the clerk take his place.
tony and alistair watch earl spencer read a statement on tv.
the second-to-last girl is the oldest; she holds a piece of string along which we travel, still listening to penny and everett, off.
he pulls off the hood.
peter grabs his arm, then he punches flash.
jacob looks at him directly and nods.
the three men clamber aboard and the old man resumes pumping.
holding aisha's phone, ferris runs over to a small jet.
inside, grandma is watching a tv program featuring dancing fruit.
his sincerity is beyond doubt.
indy kicks kazim in the face, knocking him into the water, then pulls him back into the boat, now being sucked through the churning water toward the steamer's giant propeller blades.
the feet of a woman wearing high heels and a man in brogues under a table in a restaurant.
camera rises into the air away from the crowded citadel, until minas tirith becomes a speck in the landscape.
he lowers himself gently into a seat at the table.
charlie tries to run, but finds herself on the edge of a cliff top.
the checker-board is on the davenport between phyllis and lola.
a car makes a right turn in front of pete, nearly hitting him.
he drinks.
as bullets rip into the lead cars, they spin on the road.
jenny looks up at him.
every now and then we get glimpses of things cole is playing with peeking over the back of the couch, but we can't quite make out what he's doing.
she is sitting near the window looking into an upright mirror.
clarence is standing on the other side of the stove, putting on his undershirt.
old man daws.
he wanders through a churchyard and lies down by the church.
they stare in each others' eyes, then jane kisses him hard and passionately.
she faces the screen again, her chest heaving.
they hear the thuds coming from outside.
at work, carl looks at an invitation on his computer.
he stares at her intensely.
he rips it open, revealing just a little cash inside.
it is a high, wind-swept bluff.
tossing away the long stem of grass in his mouth, frodo runs off.
she takes his arm as they walk off.
she hands a slip of paper to indy.
he tumbles slowly off the couch and onto the carpet.
at her apartment jane is wrestling the evening's dresses into a closet filled to bursting with a colorful riot of party gowns.
cole starts to smile too.
sam looks very uncomfortable.
rebecca looks at an empty photo frame on luke's desk.
she gets a packet from a cabinet and goes to ferris.
the conductor is checking the tickets of passengers getting on.
then he puts out the lamp, goes out, crosses the darkened office and goes outside.
the girls get up enthusiastically.
the staffer holds out a large manila envelope.
the students who met harry, including cho, ginny, and seamus, stand looking at the floor.
aunt may looks around his shabby room.
charles, joe and preston, with joe's dad's kodak camera on tripod, have been filming, their gear scattered.
they land face down beside a large rocky mound.
she runs to him and flings her arms around him.
a big shambling man of about thirty has followed him out of the car.
a drive through the colorfully lit new york night pulling up below the brookyln bridge.
but apart from that, he is alone; the whole ashram seems deserted.
the indian barrister stares at him a moment, then simply lowers his eyes to his notes.
the troops seem to be gaining on him.
slam-flattened by jack, who kneels to him.
chelmsford is pacing along one side of a large conference table.
forrest leaps over a five-foot fence as the boys try to catch him.
she is not dressed as in norton's office.
jing grabs her, a hand over her mouth, but it's too late.
mickey, looking up at the offscreen doctor's face, nods.
it's raining.
ben gets into his saloon.
comes up and lightly shoves gittes into the ground.
as the sun sets, the t-bird drives deeper into the vast desert.
carol now goes into her son's room.
he thus reveals a cream-colored eyepatch with powder-blue trim; his good eye is looking intently off - at everett and delmar, who continue arguing, out of earshot.
suddenly, he makes a break for it, but sirius merely shoves him back.
the desperate man is standing on a ledge outside the top floor.
from the house annie hears the phone ring.
as he settles back eckard looks around the table and helpfully relays.
tommy watches as the black guy picks up a pair of scissors, runs his hand along the edge.
as purvis enters the field office, doris approaches him.
he has seated gandhi in it beside patel, taking gandhi's knapsack.
later, he and jane are scanning the bar codes on items for the wedding list.
evelyn looking straight ahead, driving.
now, the car cruises beside a field.
ben looks deeply moved and appears to drift off into his own thoughts.
she breathes quickly and swallows.
dyle turns and leaves going down the stairs.
she stomps to the boys' room as marley blunders excitedly from one window to another, knocking over a lamp and pulling down a blind in the process.
she rises and, wearing her dressing gown, answers the intercom.
he and his comrade find this hilarious; recovering from his laughter.
her eyes lighting on the paper with skeeter's number propped up on the phone.
the kid walks into the garage and sees him.
jay and kay get out, very undercover cop.
40-something thomas button sprints through the crowd and makes a beeline for a house on the corner.
they break apart.
chewing her gum intently she watches as he struggles to push the mops and brushes back inside.
suddenly, rose steps to the edge of the lifeboat.
later, she hugs him.
she holds a drink and a plate of hors d'oeuvres; she stands at the entrance to the hallway, eating and looking at the offscreen guests.
hermione hurries past.
a mustached man runs toward rose.
amos calloway is here with the circus folk, including mr. soggybottom.
stepping back from the door, his keen eye scanning from left to right.
more headlights appear in the distance.
giant hagrid punches the air victoriously.
coming off the accelerator.
then, he smiles.
hagrid waves again, as the children climb into the carriage and harry closes the door.
kate's bedroom door opens.
he is digging into a huge plateful of steak and eggs.
in the airport the pilot lies dead near the petrol station.
angela turns, frightened.
she finds salim sleeping naked under a thin sheet and carefully stuffs the chilies over his groin.
on his way out, moody gives harry a long look.
hoffman looks down, thoughtfully, as ferris stands and picks up his jacket.
during the speech, holden and banky enter and sit up front.
doesn't react
jamal looks down at the ground, exhausted.
now, debbie hides behind some bushes with a cigarette in her mouth, desperately flicking and shaking a lighter.
they shake hands and jamal follows salim back to maman.
the agents leave the room.
the queen and the queen mother dressed in black walk to a nearby car.
the robot's light goes out.
his face is deeply bruised and cut.
the door is closed.
edward looks to the bank, where young jenny hill is watching him.
then, a key is inserted into the yale lock, turned, and the door opens.
jenny walks out of the house.
drover exercises capricornia in a small yard.
holmes, the back of his oriental jacket covered in dust from the explosion, spots the doctor slumped against a wall.
an officer hops out with his pistol drawn.
fats emerges from the washroom, dries his hands, looks at eddie and then at bert who nods.
the rifle goes off hitting the window of the boys holding cell.
he bats her away.
when they finish everett whoops and slaps tommy on the back.
thao takes off his gardening gloves and stands with spider and smokie.
gandalf looks at frodo then turns and slowly walks towards the gangplank to board the ship.
holding a pair of binoculars, downstream and just above the flood control road using some dried mustard weeds for cover.
they break the doors open and step inside.
the whores perform for the benefit of fantine on the orders of the head whore, as the head whore leads her towards the hulk.
he grabs his stomach and turns toward elsa.
she swings the wheelchair around abruptly to face her.
he's nowhere to be seen as they all troop into his room.
harry arrives in a fedora and trench coat, sheltered from the rain by an umbrella.
the staff members carry flower arrangements.
tom whacks nick with a pillow.
he opens the box and holds out a wand.
danny's got a stuffed armadillo.
indy climbs out of the car, still in the bomb crater.
harry runs out from the trees.
he sips his drink while gazing out to sea.
horrified, ron and hermione stand open-mouthed.
harry's eyes flit from ron to hermione and back again.
constantine turns and looks back at charlotte through the fly screen.
he looks at nick and points at the sky.
girls playing hula hoop in the playground.
her eyes flit left and right.
they talk quietly and confidentially.
he is trying to look at his back end.
this time he sees a smiling lee and doug, talking animatedly; a few guests are seen in the background.
fergus begins to cut.
she is in the bathroom brushing her long hair, while her thoughts seem to be far away.
then beckons them forward.
on the walkway, voldemort uses his physical strength against harry, slapping and kicking him.
a boy looks sick.
ben runs up the stairs.
luna pulls him away.
mary and clary come out first and start walking to our left.
a woman uses a webcamming feature on her computer to touch up her makeup.
veronica shakes her head.
the burly agent pushes billie into the back seat and gets in next to her.
holding cosette, valjean turns and sees a man with a spade.
asael unhooks a curtain from his cabin window and peers out.
two messerschmidt fighter bombers streak out of the clouds and race across the sky.
the cushion he's sitting on slips forward and he sinks awkwardly into the crack.
jurek pushes in beside them and takes her arm.
tentatively, harry reaches out, lays his hand on buckbeak's fierce beak.
the three of them seem awkward.
the boy's disappeared.
as she starts to stand the shape sits up, the head turning to laurie.
the players now showered and in their fashionable clothes join the directors in the long, narrow lounge.
he turns back to the stove and continues to cook.
and they break into a jog.
he frowns and turns away.
buttercup, looking the other way.
jamal digs into his pockets, finds the $100 bill and give it to arvind.
charm birds fly all around hermione.
sam looking back up the long steep stair.
officers train their automatic weapons on the front of the terraced house.
harry concentrates even harder, and they retreat.
clarence falls to the ground, where he rubs his neck.
they try all the doors, but they're firmly locked.
on the street side, the roof angles down abruptly into a steep, slate-covered pitch, broken only by two widely separated oval-shaped dormer windows.
he flips up the side of the building and leaps into the air.
she is still backing away with the gun raised.
the sides are half up, but it is dusty and hot.
he turns the page.
he is grabbed by flint in an alleyway.
she turns on the bed sexily, her face to the mattress.
the remaining dementors flee, drifting across the moon like ash.
pearl, shyly flirting with preacher, all but hides in willa's skirts.
the reverse shows marge approaching from her own squad car.
both children scream.
count rugen, stepping back for just a moment, watching as inigo continues to inch his way to his feet and then, just before the count is about to strike again, inigo manages a little flick of his own and rugen hadn't expected it, and he jumps back, makes a little involuntary cry of surprise and.
while he is steadying himself on the ground with the crutches, phyllis has taken out dietrichson's suitcase and overcoat.
he gets back behind the wheel.
john starts to laugh uncontrollably.
smokey turns from his last roll to look at walter.
rearing into the act the serpent ranks in agony.
the suited man exits, with dante trying to follow.
it is brusque but affectionate; we know he regards charlie as gandhi does.
forrest looks down and covers his head as rockets explodes all around him.
inside, ron and hermione fall, and nagini raises her head, mouth open.
they arrest him as sandy and diana scurry away unseen.
shaken, audrey gets up and follows kyle.
and then the accelerating pitter- patter of arriving rain.
a band plays the new pakistani national anthem loudly and there is the roar of a tremendous crowd as the white, green with white crescent, flag of pakistan is raised on the flagpole.
her intensity actually rips gittes' already partially torn jacket.
the female teacher looks to cole and nods.
he forces a calm face and presses the intercom.
it stands in a cabinet frame: a fine-looking young woman in archaic dress, with sharp, accusing black eyes.
now the clock shows five-fifteen.
kneeling beneath the table, benjamin strikes a match and carefully lights a candle, whose warm glow silhouettes them behind the white drapery.
harry speeds after it, dodging the bludgers which aimed for his head.
her face is caked with the white powder.
his eyes fall on a bunch of kitchen knives that have spilled from a drawer onto the floor.
she pulls out a folder and some pages fall to the floor as a boy comes by.
he grunts, gets out of bed.
a camera flashes over dillinger's body.
as they fly down the road.
nick dips a spoon into a pan and holds it out for kate to taste.
they go to the registration desk for the alpha-tech party.
he looks back down the road to where jackson stands arms raised.
she gets out of the car.
fezzik climbing on.
the boy poses mystically.
hermione teeters in her unaccustomed heeled shoes.
the farmer reads them, as valjean removes his woolen hat.
andy stands on the corner for a moment, in a dark green dress and gold accessories, then runs across the busy street.
her eyes are wide with terror.
susan is busy giving instructions to a nurse, a patient on an examining table beside them.
he looks at the images briefly, then carries on going, a preoccupied look on his face.
he takes the telephone cord and wraps it around her neck.
smiling juno, back to her slim self, pushes her bike out onto the pavement with a guitar over her shoulder.
szpilman approaches the house through a shabby yard.
pete slowly gets to his feet.
he comes to a small canvas tent with a sign on it - toilet.
a banker leads dillinger to a vault.
ben stands, looking down at her tenderly.
harry is flustered and still panicing.
they are the only two in the car.
george comes dashing in the front door.
david looks back at the weights.
george, as he watches her.
yvonne's face is exalted.
the waitress arrives to take eddie's order.
the young salieri is kneeling in desperation before the cross.
don stands abashed.
dumbledore holds up a hand to silence harry.
he starts to get into his car but mulvihill and a smaller man stop him.
kingsley shacklebolt suspends another in midair, then sends him flying back out of the window.
holding the rail with one hand, and a champagne glass in the other, she maneuvers her way down the steps.
then gives sirius his wand.
he makes his way through the lobby into the actual theater.
excited pupils spill out of lillian middle school as it closes for the summer holidays.
valjean finds a section of tumble down wall and climbs over.
she turns off the tv.
and wears a worried expression on her face.
when she realizes he is asleep, she puts down the travel book and reaches for the latest copy of harper's bazaar.
fletcher stands on top of a pile of wreckage and aims the rifle.
he sees the diadem wedged in the sofa, and wrenches it out.
he looks at the photographs.
thelma is laughing wildly.
lizzie resignedly leaves charlotte's sight.
buttercup and humperdinck kneel before the clergyman.
the sky is filled with dense, gray clouds.
skeeter's at the counter in the diner as hilly comes in.
he spins round.
they've hidden themselves up the chimney.
the passenger side window is lowered.
suddenly, the glass partition disappears.
they are swarming into it.
banky looks at holden.
the doors slam shut and the boy grinds into gear.
they weave in and out of the other traffic.
she shows him the pendant.
the long-focus lens brings miss lonely hearts into an enlarged picture which reveals details we have not previously noticed.
the white dome of the capitol building rises up amongst the ordered grid of streets.
downstairs, bob turned on the grill, then lights a cigarette with his lighter.
behind it sits adam (now cruikshank).
up ahead he sees a light swinging from side to side.the vans up the road side.
yule mae checks nobody is in near shot.
terrified of spiders.
they arrives at the table.
once again, the dance forces them apart.
without saying another word, maynard climbs up the stairs.
they all look over as a resident walks over trailed by several .
he then sniffs the air.
he turns his head as he hears a scraping sound.
cu on juno's tray sliding along, picking up an odd combo of pregnant food.
jude walking through the open door, arms extended, holding a gun.
near-tired horseman enter the square.
jane and bingely stand out amongst the dancers.
verdell stops -- gives melvin wide berth -- slinking along the far wall.
the school-children finish their song and vanish, giggling, into the schoolhouse.
a number of suits and top coats are lying on an orderly pile on the bed.
she begins to back into her room.
pete loves it.
barnes rights the vehicle with a determined frown.
with eyes on the horizon, as he steers the plane through rough air.
they hear a door slam.
then she stops.
the elderly woman is seated on an exercise table and breathes slowly.
the waves are higher, there are only occasional flashes of moon slanting down between clouds.
suddenly howard's body is torn away from sandra.
harry gets to his feet and looks up fondly at his huge friend.
lester leans out of the drive-thru window, grinning at her, holding bags filled with fast food.
the four-legged creature, half-horse, half-eagle, rises above the trees.
mike comes round.
aragorn watches them with concern.
desi comes down to help a customer at the front of the store.
jay drags a chair and sits down.
red eyes the brunette in the red dress as she returns to her table.
ahead of them is the long corridor lined with shiny black tiles.
hermione and ron look confused.
jacob tries the phone.
harry gives cedric a friendly nod.
the clock ticks half-four.
he stops the doors closing.
she stands in the kitchen with only her panties on.
carl arrives home.
climbs out onto the street, pink dressed and a light pashmina.
now we cut to the view of the road, from mary's viewpoint.
he tucks it into his sock but it won't fit.
joe watches as the car sits there for a moment.
hi abruptly stops between lanes and doubles back, losing the policeman.
four rows of portholes line the sides of the ocean liner which glides past a small two-manned sailboat.
tommy lands a flurry of punches before the teen punk can even defend himself, frequently taking opportunities to eyeball evan.
webs wrap around the goblin's ankles and spider-man yanks him down.
ray sits back in his seat.
and now they are beginning to pay attention on the floor of the hall too.
walter rolls out with his parcel, giving a loud grunt as he hits the pavement.
gandhi smiles and reaches to touch hands with him.
drover approaches them.
the black shiny surface on which he's lying begins to crease and sag.
sam has slumped asleep.merry dumps a small pile of kindling at gimli's feet.
she stands there for a few seconds, then crosses to look out of the window.
she stumbles and falls down in a heap in front of him.
maguire goes back to the house.
he turns away impatiently, paces up and down past a caddy bag with golf clubs in it, pulls one out at random, makes a couple of short swings, throws the club on the couch, paces again.
his head slowly turns, and he looks right up -- directly into the lens.
a punky-looking guy gets out.
it's plain frodo and sam can never survive the cataclysm.
the cat leaps onto nick's shoulder and bolts.
eligible students cross the circle of light drawn around it on the floor, reach up, and place their name into the blue flame.
she hurries out.
it sinks.
now indy pops up into the air pocket.
under the cloak, harry and griphook have moved nearer the desk and stand beside bogrod.
but harry laughs with delight.
in black and white flashback, peter sees his uncle sitting in his car on a dark street.
now dressed, nick watches from a window.
szpilman sits apart, aloof, his back to the piano and to mr lipa.
she moves down the street, shivering in the chill wind.
the treasure is now waist height.
peter flicks to the paper, looking at cars for sale.
he tries to say something, but no words come out.
finally freeing his hands.
a suave, middle-aged man sits at a table reading a newspaper.
in a call center cubicle, a man wearing a headset sits at a computer.
he lies beside her way above the river, the lights of the city twinkling far below them.
elrond's face is etched with pain.
audrey looks down thoughtfully.
prince phillip enters the study wearing a kilt.
he goes through the living room into the bedroom.
the queen sees the stag's head and its antlers arranged side-by-side on the table close by.
she pulls open the bathrobe as she approaches.
and look along a clear pathway, which cuts through the crop.
as if she's preparing to meet someone.
as baum's car drives off, purvis finds his fallen partner.
they all turn and stare as kate walks in and past them.
charles threads the film into the projector.
the hands with the purple nails run over his scalp.
behind them, the eye of sauron is directed toward them.
inside the room are gideon, tex, and scobie in the midst of a heated discussion.
everyone is excited.
david is standing less than a foot away from the man he bumped.
but easter just stares at joe, fearful.
trench coat and a shirt back on, michael races along the endless racks of guns, searching for just the right weapons, his every movement precise, as if he's trained his whole life for this.
he runs his finger over it.
with an arm around david, daisy looks up to see benjamin leave.
more germans zip across the field and take up positions just yards away from them.
draco opens the cabine:
al-saleem hits ferris' little finger, which snaps and spurts blood.
he turns away.
the weaving knee-level tracking shot is following a six-year- old boy in shorts and a dirty t-shirt as he tramps around the trailer, brandishing a big stick.
octavius gets the upper hand, clutching spider-man with two of his long metal limbs.
he pushes cahoon toward the door and the hulking inmate follows close behind.
the door closes, leaving several stokers behind.
maman gestures for punnoose to follow salim.
when she opens them again the vision is gone.
walter has flung open his door and is leaning halfway out over the road.
mia holds her hand.
everett and delmar are looking at the engine.
amongst the framed photos at thomas's home is one of thomas and caroline on their wedding day.
harry is lifting the golden egg, people around him cheering.
snape soars into the air, hits the wall with a thud, and slides down.
zoe lies on her bed, her back to kate.
with all the strength she can gather, she hangs up that dress and digs another one out of the basket.
the queen looks at the paper.
kate turns.
joe reacts, panicked.
two end up crashing into windows behind mj.
he looks at the hole wide-eyed, pushes back the grille and runs out.
he stands in the moving boat, firing a machine gun at indy and elsa.
george rushes back to the bar.
lee starts to walk off again, finishing her conversation with her mother.
she grins broadly.
as bob enters the diner, howard turns to him.
the car pulls into the driveway.
terrence pulls back a curtain.
sidney screws up his face.
he does a little take.
the man in the tuxedo follows her over, with a casual glance toward the other two.
ed's arm is draped protectively over the sleeping infant.
bullets fly, and every few moments another cannon ball smashes into the piled debris.
and the almost in unison begin to walk away from camera, melvin following a path that avoids cracks.
she picks a crocus from the unkempt garden near the porch and sniffs it.
he hurries away from us towards home.
the hobbits cover their ears.
at the hilton, ryan sits in the low-lit bar, savoring a cool drink.
chili's minivan is parked outfront.
ferris, wearing jeans, shirt, casual top, and a baseball cap, sits at an iraqi street cafe, sipping coffee.
the predator drone, an unmanned surveillance aircraft, is flown to a higher altitude.
stains -- suspiciously similar to dried blood -- blot the floorboards.
his wife josephine (28) pushes past him to get the phone.
lucius appears in front of them.
the indian driver starts hitting and kicking jamal.
george comes to where ernie, the taxi driver, is standing on the sidewalk.
they look up as dumbledore's fiery red phoenix with golden markings on the underside of its wings appears in the sky.
indy and henry do not have the advantage of seeing who is sitting in that chair.
he kisses her, on the lips.
harry pulls himself out on to the deck as the ship lists behind him until he faces the black night sky.
tears roll down emily's cheeks as she puts a hand to her mouth.
he awakes.
lizzie sets the music out for her.
she ignores him and merely sighs.
two tiny hobbits waiting to die amid a cataclysmic landscape.
clarence becomes aware that his garment is amazing the tollkeeper.
he finds a box of flash bulbs and a reflector.
chili, lost in the movie.
an officer pushes an engineer out of the way and turns a wheel quickly to the right.
tony sits reading some paperwork and glances up to watch the tv.
mozart now looks very ill; his wife appears worn out.
he is furious.
walt throws him onto the lawn and kicks him repeatedly in the face.
hi stops also, looking at glen, still puzzled.
lee turns and faces frederick in the bathroom doorway.
morgan and bo are seated on the edge of their bed.
he hangs the towel on a hook.
he takes out the thermometer.
it bears the stamp of undeniable truth.
lupin hesitates ever-so-slightly, then returns to his papers.
peter tosses the ball to harry and knocks a vase over.
edward stops dancing.
from the steps he looks off into the distance, then crumbles the letter and tosses it away as the steam from the engine clouds over him.
alyssa and holden walk through the park, eating hot dogs.
a dog sinks its teeth into ferris' ankle.
jing reaches deeper into the closet to find a new dress, exposing edward's hiding place.
forrest looks up.
the door is ajar.
at her sisters' prompting, a just-woken sandra looks out the second-story window to find the lawn filled with.
the python lifts its head and winks.
smiling, he jogs to meet her.
the serpent feelss his footsteps and lunges forward.
pull back and we are in the taft hotel room.
it is the sketch of george lassoing the moon that we first saw in mary's living room.
jeff's attention is turned to something else of interest.
people on the street give him strange looks and hurry on by.
elliot takes lee's coat off without breaking the kiss.
she beams at dumbledore.
but he holds her off.
she lets up.
the alien drops morgan.
the football team, big red, in a red-and-white stripe, run onto the field.
eyes still on the window, graham sidles out of the room and closes the door.
another turn and a pie- shaped view of a lake of lights in the city below can be over the road, bolted.
sometimes using one hand, sometimes both, like a gymnast, he flies through the air.
mike presses buttons and loosens his jacket.
matthews and holden lead enrique away.
he nervously checks his watch again.
both look mortified as they wait for someone to greet them.
nullah desperately hugs his mother.
looks around in confusion.
jamal watches as salim kneels on a mat to pray.
an odd man sits on the floor, surrounded by cartons of eggs, all opened.
walter hurries from the gate, still limping.
suddenly, the car doors fly open and they are hurled out onto the grass.
laila is scraping the bottom of a cooking pot with a ladle.
harry slowly rises to his feet.
viktor punches the air.
sonja's tone is loaded with foreboding.
both sides of the track are lined with peasants holding flower petals and leaves, all gazing expectantly down the road.
jerry is at the kitchen phone.
he stops in front of harry for a moment then continues his descent.
the advocate looks at him with a degree of disbelief -- more at his attitude than his statement.
the silt settles, revealing an unopened safe.
they hold hands and smile at each other.
dyle leaves the hotel and turns into the place.
she opens and closes her mouth several times before she finally speaks.
jack smiles as he gazes down at the dolphins behind them a crew member hand a teacup to captain smith.
heller turns on him.
flynn and nullah watch the torch falling through the darkness, and orange flames leap up as it hits the ground.
then the bathroom door opens and dyle appears dressed in a large bath towel.
he pulls up.
as his coat falls to the ground, we drift over to the brick wall behind him where we see michael's shadow crouch over, and then.
all the boys are fast asleep except for harry.
later, the plane descends toward a rainy airfield.
minnie's eyes shift, but she doesn't quicken her pace.
he puts the platter back into the cabinet and shuts the door, then notices jane looking at him oddly.
the camera moves to evan, who continues to tell his story, ignoring his wife's outburst, as he walks away from the kitchen doorway into the den.
the celebration continues without ron and lavender, who run together up a flight of stairs.
laurie turns her gaze down the street.
eowyn deftly pulls the cover back down.
the old man turns around again.
jerry stands in wide shot, hands on hips, looking down at a telephone.
he sits again, staring at the glass.
they turn and walk away together.
beside her ruth presses hands over her own ears.
we see the name louise elizabeth sawyer scroll past.
they sit a few feet apart, seeming to take a particular interest in the carpet and walls of the drawing room.
mr. weasley lies still, covered in blood.
a long sinuous tentacle is wrapped around frodo's ankle and is dragging him towards the lake.
one man who walks up to the camera, eyeing the vanishing car with intense suspicion: colonel nelec.
he looks across to gatsby's mansion and sees the yellow duesenberg drive up.
she leans back, eyes closed.
susan is staring at him now, he smiles, all open and vulnerable.
they both look thoughtful.
the dude is digging into his pocket.
she holds the glock in her hand.
they pull themselves along a wall toward the stairwell.
she keeps watching the stage.
the prisoners start to run.
mr. weasley hesitates, unable to continue.
andrea moves to stop the blood flowing from evan's nose.
potter is now behind his desk.
sandra smiles through gritted teeth.
he smiles and runs to catch up with his family.
she is screaming and the room is alive, each man awake, grabbing guns, screaming.
bo is on top of the jungle gym curled up in a ball.
gives them the thumbs up.
helen taps jenny playfully on the shoulder.
two painters are repainting the walls.
jay suddenly notices frank the pug bark at a cat farther down the sidewalk.
he starts down the aisle toward the bier, camera leading him, and we notice his unsteady gait.
gandhi looks up at suhrawardy, who nods.
he pushes the card and a pen toward ben.
moriarty chats with a delegate, wearing an orange saf.
one wounded soldier is helped away from the stream.
kate walks off towards zoe's room.
he steps on harry's neck with his shoe, pinning him to the floor.
outdoors now, running, crossing the street behind the house and entering the parking lot of a supermarket on the other side.
he glances at fleur.
the room is dark and empty.
the drop is sharp and severe.
the judge is too stunned to respond.
on a street, peter parker rips open his shirt to reveal the spider-man suit beneath.
terrance throws carl down.
the biker's mail-and-chained fist pushes the door open.
parks his bike.
the skiptracer aims.
they have a conversation without words.
tony is ushered into the room.
a helpful woman named mildred chimes in.
the shadow of sauron falls over him.
jack comes back into the kitchen with an envelope.
michael sees him.
the bouncers throw gower out the front door.
he has tattoos over his torso.
fergus sits there, frozen, staring at her.
they walk towards the camera, further into the room.
the crowd screams and starts to scatter, hooper jumps over the table and raises his fists in the air.
frogs or river noises o.s., then the rattle of running footsteps.
his movements aren't at all like those of a normal man, but rather like some kind of human insect.
his arms folded, idly watching the snitch hovering above his head.
he tips forward, spilling his drink off the table.
and starts pulling cd's.
as frank moves off melvin sees carol and his demeanor changes.
cole takes another step.
the fashionable ladies make their jewelry selections, while andy consults her appointment book.
angie has blood on her forehead and chest as she lies amongst the rubble.
the attendant goes to the door.
one of the boys from the wake, charles, comes over to him.
the other kids wander over toward the play area while their mothers ignore them.
he nods to magarri, who moves off.
the spider inches its way down towards peter.
he picks one up as norma speaks offscreen in the kitchen.
skeeter sits down on the sofa and unties the headscarf she's wearing.
when she's gone, liz's broad smile turns to an expression of contented relief.
it is the germans, advancing ominously, wielding oversized shears which they menacingly scissor.
debbie sighs as sadie storms away.
the screen flickers to life.
lednicki goes.
the camera has floated in to a close shot of hi, staring glumly at gale.
audrey rushed into the room to stop her mother sandra
remus and tonks are still searching.
bone saw is handed a folding chair.
meanwhile, the burly agent scowls, holding his aim as he gains on the crime boss.
later, they start a fire.
harry grabs hold of the feathery neck once more as the huge wings lift them up and away from the lake.
enrique elbows him in the face and he takes the agents gun.
norman looks up, gazes her as she goes out door.
the gatekeeper peers out of his peephole.
ed's pov of hi approaching the car.
behind brackett, sam loomis walks up the street.
including reggie, in a state of near-shock.
hiding behind a tree, she watches as a sphere about 10 feet high rises to the surface of the pond.
he holds out his hand.
jeep dives and catches it.
montreuil sits on an estuary leading out to the sea.
his small blue car is sent into a spin along the road behind taylor.
at the plane's controls, gordon looks over his shoulder.
he finds lots of money.
she turns to him and they smile.
idly, she pulls a coat from one of her bags.
moments later, lizzie is skipping quietly down the stairs.
he goes to a glass door and pushes it open.
alice hurries past, hunting for her keys in that big purse -- she eyes the flashlight men getting closer.
the young man leaves her.
he lies down on the dirt road and crawls.
at the cut the portable phone, in the dude's lap, is chirping.
she looks at him evenly -- no smile, but the warmth still in her eyes.
it is a new york times and we just glimpse the picture of the severed head lying in the smoldering ashes.
a cassette labeled soul funk number two plays on the stereo as whip lies back with a pack of ice on his knee.
frodo looks down.
joe and his friends have gathered on a grassy bank.
as frodo turns.
the man sits pensively on his sofa.
they move back toward the living room.
he takes the suit and puts it on.
gower looks at the large brown bottle which has not been replaced on the shelf.
bright shafts of light stream through gaps between planks nailed up against the window.
david leans towards the window to avoid eye contact.
he lays it on the grass, sits on it, and undoes his cravat.
spider-man thumps flint, knocking sandy lumps out of his face.
he sets off slowly across the dark garden in the pouring rain, then jogs to the picket fence.
ron's is a dog.
saruman stands in rain looking out into the dark night.the orc overseer sidles up to him, axe in hand, sweating with exertion.
frodo races across the wooden wharf, followed by the ringwraiths.
a woman grabs them.
elijah turns and faces the customers for the first time.
slowly, lizzie raises her eyes to meet mr. darcy's.
the agents fling open the rear doors, revealing a dozen frightened mexicans, hopeful immigrants without official permission.
he whips back a curtain across the door of a cabin.
and gets a thumbs up.
something shiny falls out and rolls on.
still running, hi reaches forward, tries to catch it on the fly, bobbles it, tips it - loses it.
still wearing his festive red cap, willie energetically humps sue, the barmaid up against the side of the hot tub putting in smokes and foam.
harry looks at the rain teeming down outside the window.
she folds her cardigan around her.
this has been accomplished by rolling up his pants and putting on an old coachman's hat.
elijah just sits staring at the dark television screen.
david and queenie's daughter hover as daisy approaches the figure.
he then spots a black cable snaking across the polished dark wood floor.
the boys approach cautiously, careful to stay hidden.
a child opens a bedroom door,
dillinger massages his wrists, gazing off.
this last has come more firmly, and he lifts his head to the crowd, as though expecting a reaction.
this piece of paper is folded over three times, unlike the others.
aragorn kisses her elrond looks on.
desert creatures, scorpions and snakes, make their way towards it.
the guys stride down a supermarket aisle like they mean business.
he opens his door and steps onto the running board, giving everett a casual.
again we isolate on the neon sign.
the double's motorcade passes beneath the watchful snipers.
keyes puts the half-smoked cigar into his vest pocket with the pencil.
she drops the hat on the ground.
he bears gandalf on his back, and is followed by two more.
he sticks his tongue in her overstuffed mouth.
george strides off hurriedly.
fezzik goes to earth and lies still.
he leads her into a cluttered basement room.
lester is awake, staring at the ceiling.
they play together.
now, for real, holmes pulls the corsac down from the rafters with the umbrella and disarms him.
his mouth agape, he walks across the yard and stares at the hulking shell that was his truck.
they exchanged a long look.
indy, followed by elsa, steps inside, shaking the water from his overcoat.
bartholomew looks at her for a moment, then glances around; his attention is drawn inside the doorway.
abby's boss, stuart, switches off his monitors.
he waves his finger.
cannonballs explode among the fleeing bielskis.
joseph picks up the gun.
some are in clusters, in private conversations; others listen and watch the offscreen evan.
carl goes behind the bar.
they all swig poor fella rum from tin cups, except drover, who swigs from the bottle.
one of the lenses is broken.
he starts to look around the vast terrace-like balcony.
verdell looks up at him.
she begins separating the shells with her thumb nail and eating the nuts, depositing the shells in the ashtray.
ben sits up in bed.
in the hall, he passes harry who doffs his hat.
he pushes a lever and the mechanical wheelchair rolls itself out of the room.
a replacement interior slides down to fill the empty space.
mary has stood by the window, listening with mounting distress and concern and sympathy.
harry glances warily from the steaming tureen of green to tom, who works a grimy thumb into his gum, frees a walnut sliver.
fantine lies at peace in the hospital bed.
as he rummages through the closet for his bag he pulls out his leather cue case.
walter lays a reassuring hand on donny's shoulder.
he stops when he has passed her and turns to look at her work.
graham's eyes stay locked on the crops which go on and on into darkness.
the second case is placed in front of him.
anna takes his hands and holds them steady.
leopold is now seen as an aging, travel-stained man in clothes that need repair.
sirius fading away from him.
aunt marge thrusts a wet umbrella at harry.
lighting illuminates the buildings around them.
mia moves to her cd player, thumbs through a stack of cds and selects one: k.d.
the journalists are scribbling furiously.
later, skeeter pulls up outside brent's drug store diner and hurries in carrying her briefcase.
the grail bounces away from her grasp.
the watching students hold their breath in anticipation.
the wrecked car's headlights shine off into a snowfield abutting the highway.
purvis rides outside the vehicle, on the passenger side running board, armed with his tommy gun.
with all his might, uri grabs his legs and hurls him into the air.
looking disturbed by his own actions, ben claps his hands to his mouth and stares down.
they keep an eye on meinhard.
ed looks up from her camera, having just snapped a picture of another suspect against the hatched wall.
at the bar, pete wears a furrowed brow.
harry's photograph is underneath.
ready to give up.
he closes a book and pretends to smoke a pipe.
the clerk hands dillinger a pen.
the car is speeding into town, dodging and weaving through light traffic as george fires into the air - perhaps a means of clearing a path, perhaps an expression of high spirits.
the fellowship stare in stunned silence as the current takes them through the narrow gap between the statues' feet.
pettigrew grabs harry.
quickly, the confusion in his masked eyes turns to anger.
the queen mother stands up.
the car tools up to the banquet hall and homer stokes emerges with his midget.
mother gives pop a quick hug, then turns with all the wrath she can muster on the two boys.
reggie reacts to this and starts down the hall, finally stopping at the door.
the dolphins zoom through the clear water like zig-zaging torpedo.
sim gets to her feet, clutching her nose, and turns to holmes.
uncle billy, face flushed, covered with snow, and carrying a clothes basket filled with money, bursts in.
he peers down at the dark, rioting streets.
now ba looks at him hostilely.
george looks after her; then picks up a rock from the street.
his rhythm slows.
each of his friends is held prisoner by a grim-faced death eater.
evan flips a single page of his journal and tries again.
they are led deeper into the shadowy forest.
and now we see, too, the door of the mother's room, opening, carefully and slowly.
the doctor leaves.
graham hands morgan some cash.
on the misty hills, a gillie hands a mobile phone to prince philip.
harry moves away discreetly as she turns to hide her tears.
he pulls a letter out of his saddlebag, dismounts, and gives it to her in exchange for a few coins.
he holds up a lantern and peers around suspiciously.
in the front garden, she stops to pick a crocus and with a solemn expression traces a circle across her tummy with its petal.
the woman puts aside a cooking pot.
laurie pulls the sliding doors closed and crawls back into the small, dark interior of the closet.
everybody takes their seats, except mr. darcy, who strolls over to the window.
pete and debbie are driving home.
the gears grind into a haul.
tears fill her eyes and her head droops forward.
bob rests a hand on his boy's shoulder.
sting is caught in the web.
street as the majestic ship completes its formation -- and that's when joe sees the creature, leaving -- climbing up the.
aunt may's coat billows in the stiff breeze, which also blows falling leaves around the two of them.
harry steps towards it.
it fires into the rafters.
joe and alice, jack, louis and cary watch, amazed, as the ship disappears into the night sky, we are tight on joe's hand, as it takes alice's.
fats hears him go down and pauses, turning to see charlie rush to eddie's side.
another dance is taking place.
harry leans his head against her.
for a second, his eyes lock with the sergeant's -- and then nervously, he takes a card and drops it in the wire basket, and another.
in the ballroom, hilly is at the mic.
still hidden, harry sees bellatrix, greyback and the two death eaters race to the upper platform.
as we hear him unlock the door, carol looks at her breasts and gasps.
with mary jane sitting on the pillion seat, it starts to move off.
david hurries off and races back up the sidewalk after her.
sue is with a white boy, trey.
jinnah takes it less philosophically and his eyes burn with anger as he watches gandhi head for the young girl with the injured goat.
voldemort presses his wand into the dark mark tattooed on wormtail's arm.
she crosses it out.
the foreman has stopped beside fantine, a pretty young woman.
the crowd around them stares not at the fight on the ice, but the fight in their midst, shocked.
she answers her mobile.
he clicks his heels and bows.
they all look round.
she leans pensively on the counter.
she screams.
he enters the house.
buttercup, touched as before, but then she seems stunned as we.
renault thinks a moment, then blows a loud blast on his whistle.
he speaks quickly into the phone, and hangs up.
harry's face hits the window.
and then they open.
benjamin avoids his gaze as the lift rises.
we see what the servants see.
he changes channels with a remote control.
marcus walks over to the rope.
thompson's eyes remain on the dancers.
he runs out of the french windows and climbs across to the next balcony.
king george smiles proudly.
she crosses reluctantly toward her parents, followed by angela.
an oriental woman sits at the wheel of a van as santa and his little helper climb in the back with their booty.
the cops leave.
the cage is there.
another flash shows dillinger kiss her mouth.
harry grabs the handlebars, forcing the motorbike up into the air.
juno picks up her backpack dejectedly and slides it over her shoulder.
he has a torch.
a nurse approaches.
harry flies past, just missing draco's outstretched hand.
carolyn gets out of bed, repelled.
mr. ollivander takes a long narrow box from a shelf.
desi is gracefully swimming under water.
peter stuffs the spider-man costume in his bag, then checks his boxers.
winstead and hurt appear on the trail.
we see liberty bell blithely pouring bacon bits onto her dinner.
the trigger works.
the girl gets up and walks up behind walt.
barnes strolls across the room and sits down on his bed.
george leaves the room, followed by the jubilant uncle billy.
eddie wipes his mouth with his sleeve and nervously backs away.
the dog runs off, chased by the werewolf.
it runs towards the sound of the howling.
in offices, former employees are interviewed.
as the pass a flashing border, all delineations vanish from the page space ahead of them.
szpilman hesitates, then limps to the piano, puts down the tin, and opens the lid.
as joe and charles ride their bikes up to his house.
he glances over at the garage shop, which is closed.
the pursuing crowd stands in the middle of the street, shaking their fists, throwing things.
edward tosses the sign and forges ahead, into the spiderwebs.
sitting back, diana pulls a small amount of cash from sandy's wallet and sifts through the bills.
holding the grail diary, reading once again, his fedora now covered in cobwebs.
he gives the urine specimen to lester, then locks the door.
lizzie's eyes fill with tears.
-- they run in for cover -- they're silhouetted in this dark space by the explosion light emanating from the windows.
peter struggles to fight back the tears.
ray bows his head and reflects.
gandalf looks at the young hobbit, moved by his courage.
a group of workers roll a storage crate through a darkened exhibition hall.
jerry and stan stand bundled in their parkas and galoshes near a row of beached vehicles.
indy, brody and elsa enter, their heels clicking across the marble floor.
frodo and sam are now dressed in foul-looking orc gear.
standing at the billiard table, mozart is dreamily hearing the music and playing shots on the table.
through a stone arch, he glimpses a large mirror and a carved frame that goes down a few steps into the room beyond.
the boys get out of the car and flee.
the other three, now scooted halfway across the room, shaken to their bones, look to see if she's alright.
the landlord's eyes widened.
she chuckles nervously.
sitting on rocks beside a creek, abby and colin have a picnic.
laszlo's lips are very tight as he listens to the song.
he pours himself a drink and downs it in one gulp, walks to the door, listens, and opens it himself without knocking.
buttercup, and she couldn't seem more serene.
they are ready to start.
sam image mirrored in the water as he smacks gollum on the head with his pot.
he reaches over and stabs his fork into a piece of molten toast, then, sits back down.
mary is driving tensely.
norman walking along the porch, in the direction of the big house.
recounting events, gatsby looks distraught.
she stands getting soaked to the bus stop.
teeming with men, horses and tents.
he enters the beach house and puts down his things.
an abstract painting on a wall fills the screen.
and picking up a black jacket, he goes out, a look of contentment and purpose on his face.
nick picks a couple up and shows them to her.
and he seems to be floating because he's standing in the wheelbarrow, as inigo, hidden behind him, busts a gut by pushing it and supporting westley.
the man in black turns to face him again.
she takes off her glasses and squints.
he has paused before an office and a young girl (sonja) has come from it to speak to him about something of urgency, but she hovers, not interrupting.
they all go to the window and look out.
he turns round and takes her hand.
she glances up in the rear-view mirror.
he opens the box and takes out small toys.
as holmes tries to tidy him up, the sleeve of watson's jacket rips off.
the commander stands in the passenger seat of the truck with a mounted machine-gun.
among the crowd is don birnam.
his prosthetic hand crushes it.
he gets in the car and unscrews a gallon bottle of vodka, looks around and chugs it.
she covers the phone and turns to dyle in alarm.
michael pulls his overcoat tight around his body and dashes toward the mouth of the alley.
a silver mercedes pulls up to the house.
he's genuinely puzzled.
his arms are flung over a woman in her thirties, wearing a nightie, mouth also open, not snoring.
at the table next to the answering machine the dude is mixing kalhua, rum and milk.
the men hang onto the coffin, which bears them downstream.
he cuts smeagol across the stomach!
watson kicks one of the car's tires.
catering waiters serve hors d'eouvres.
fletcher stands, shoulders slumped, by the phone.
the szpilmans are unpacking their belongings in silence.
elliot closes the door behind her as she enters.
joe lands on the bottom.
he is back at his center.
having fended javert off with a baton torn from the wall, valjean is disarmed.
jackson is trapped between a wire fence and the hydraulic ceiling.
there is a display of shiny metallic balls nearby.
umbridge comes out of the main door and approaches purposefully.
they cower.
outside, people fall into the water others run up the deck from the approaching water.
ron holds up his broken wand.
laurie walks up to the front porch.
the man rubs his hand.
the gathered citizens of spectre cheer for edward, who is confused and overwhelmed.
he swims through ropes of dark green weed hanging like curtains in front of him.
he hops one step, then she lowers him, face down, on the divan.
she hurries along the corridor towards harry and regards the scene with horror.
it's pouring with rain.
thurmond kicks the skaterat hard in the balls.
he faces the door and raises his foot.
he sends the jagged pieces of broken glass hurling towards harry and dumbledore, who produces a force field to protect them.
juno is clearly affronted.
a limb clatters into it.
he sees latika behind the glass partition separating the room from a kitchen and approaches.
his eyes are black.
she holds up her clipboard, which has the guy's e-harmony profile and photo.
ilsa looks at rick.
dislodging tiles, the dragon claws its way across the roof towards him like a colossal bat.
an m6 pulls up and he climbs aboard.
maman looks at salim and nods.
lying in bed, beautiful dark-haired sarah smiles up at ben beside her.
behind the boys, in ben's line of sight, emily sits at a table by a window.
inside the dangling cable car.
she is wearing a dressing gown and bedroom slippers.
carl leans out of the window, guitar in hand.
charlie is standing by the anderson's table, clearing dishes.
in chicago, purvis grimly lowers the phone, then shifts his troubled gaze.
greene does the same, settling in his chair.
on the wall behind is the image of a flowering white tree set in gems.
they stand close to eachother.
sarah looks at the ruins of the territory hotel and sighs.
and after a long, scary beat, the creature sets him down.
we zoom toward her as she takes off her bra clumsily.
the resulting dance number seems both choreographed and complete chaos.
lt. dan is sitting in his chair at the back of the church.
mirabehn just smiles at it.
just the wind blowing the trees.
pallid, perhaps ill.
in every detail it is impossibly charming.
as jeep drives through the light, charlie turns and looks at him.
cole lowers his head.
bernard softly withdraws.
karkaroff leaves quickly.
he gloomily peers toward the sitting area, then picks up a tv remote and hits a button.
camera moves down to the lower part of his body and we see that both his legs are now in casts.
mrs. carlson gives ben a broad wink.
she pours a whiskey.
along the dusty paneled corridor, light shines from the open door.
she stares at the chinese man and reaches out to close maitland's eyes, but a man's hand does it for her.
five or six boys are coming toward camera, arm in arm, whistling.
she freezes.
the four brothers are now swaying and singing and strutting, their voices indistinct over mickey's narration.
the vast metallic-skinned robot stands immobile, the sphere swirling in light and vapor behind it.
as she comes out of the kiss there is realization in her eyes that this is the final moment.
george swings around, delighted to hear a familiar voice.
he raises her - and then clasps her to him clumsily.
he throws a little humming sound behind each nod.
on the bridge, a crewman steps up to the captain.
harry gazes at ginny.
peter points his camera.
smokie stubs a cigarette out on thao's cheek.
a rusty metal fan on a rod lies on a bench nearby.
he holds this attitude for just a moment, then seems to shake off his concern to lift his head and turn his attention to what might be happening in his neighborhood beyond his window.
as he passes charlie, he mimics the cashier wickedly.
and takes it from him.
wide shot of the neighborhood -- in the distance: military trucks, jeeps and buses drive.
ben continues to walk toward us.
forrest's boat comes down the river.
a dark figure stands on the tread.
he smiles at diana as he stands.
she looks to preacher o.s.
he points to the bleachers, where no backpack is to be found.
bear watches uncomfortably as farrah sits down with bo.
she looks at him in surprise and he sighs tolerantly.
voldemort casts at harry and he wriggles in pain.
peter smiles self-consciously.
donny, walter and the dude emerge from the alley, each holding his leatherette ball satchel.
as harry rounds one of the towers, the dragon appears and knocks him off his broomstick.
the figure becomes smaller and is frozen in the iris of an intensely blue eye.
he shuts his eyes and is instantly asleep.
a stiff wind flutters the awnings of a storefront.
three young guys, obviously in over their heads, sit at a table with hamburgers, french fries and soda pops laid out.
it collides with a car.
he's looking at someone we don't yet see.
thousands of them crawling on one another's backs.
a hand appears on the jagged edge of the fissure.
the door creaks open.the four ringwraiths silently slide into the hobbit's room.
whilst people are milling around on the main street, a grand carriage pulls up outside the assembly rooms, led by men bearing torches.
they are simply-dressed people, to whom their savings are a matter of life and death.
david stumbles two or three paces back from elijah, staring at the other man, eyes wide.
he hides as a young black couple step out onto the back porch.
then lies back down resting her head on his shoulder, nuzzles into him and closes her eyes.
rose shakes brock's hand.
cautiously, they move towards it.
at the dining table, another boy sits beside her.
jackson`s limo pulls up.
david and elise push open a pair of doors and enter the bureau reading room.
salieri follows him.
without missing a beat, he takes mary's wrist and continues walking.
sydney nods, eyebrows raised.
forrest looks down at bubba.
he puts a drill in the gift-wrapped box.
gandhi is nonplussed and beginning to feel a little less sure of himself.
mrs. st. james laughs comfortably.
a screen shows a scan of a human body.
jamal notices the hundreds of pairs of shoes left by visiting tourists.
maguire shoots as he runs.
don and helen come to the door from the living room and stand watching.
sidney and alison start to jive.
martin looks at chili.
evelyn looks at escobar but doesn't know how to answer him.
sue gets up and goes outside.
bo sitting next to him in tears.
he picks up something silky and holds it out, smiling apologetically.
harry plunges his face into the pensive.
she slides onto the floor next to him.
she rips out an extra two feet of floss.
a contemporary red building, designed by david, is seen, squeezed in between two older buildings.
thousands of orcs crawl over the surface, hauling stone and iron up the towering heights, grows and spreads across the red streaked sky.casting a shadowy pall over the nightmarish landscape.
chili flips through the script, sees a name.
he looks to his daughter with startled eyes.
from mordor, high overhead, the nazgul fly out into the fray.
the mustached foreman turns the wheel connected to several steam in the smokey boiler room and covered in coal of large furnaces
he drops one arm around everett, the other around delmar.
salim jams his chair against the door locking jamal in.
bond empties the bag into a basin.
he holds up tom riddle's diary.
the vehicle stops and evan, along with nine other convicts, exit in leg and hand restraints.
the headlights blink twice and go out.
javier's eyes meet with enrique's as they pass each other.
jay and silent bob deal to a player: he drops money over the ledge and jay throws up a dime bag.
he hands the drink to sadiki.
they go inside and look around.
ron's lying in bed with his hands behind his head.
the other two men, the losers, stand around, mutely following the play.
nick remains at the window.
he puts the vibrating fork to mickey's ear.
he reaches out towards sarah.
strider drops to one knee, carefully pulling it from the ground.
she stares back.
he puts his hands in his pockets.
on the other side of the banking hall octavious wearing a long coat and a triveil is standing in front of the steel vault door.
when they move on again, elijah, who's wearing a long black leather coat and his usual black gloves, and walking with the help of his stick, glances back too.
the children gaze in wonder at the huge imposing building.
jenny unwraps the present.
the woman starts to protest.
king theoden breaks away from a column and rides up to merry.
the girl kisses jeff firmly, but not passionately.
bond runs across the closely packed boats crammed with merchandise.
mozart springs up.
gideon closes the sliding grill and presses a button.
estevez drops, leaving michael without cover.
the waiter moves off.
duffy is rowing, gittes seated in the stern.
angle on: gothmog marshalling his troops.
suddenly, harry stops them, and they look down in surprise.
crossing to her, he puts on the fedora.
she shoots him against the door -- the crowd milling distantly, waiting -- then she lowers her camera.
he walks off, leaving drover standing with the children.
standing there is brackett.
as he moves forward, it crashes closed in front of him.
he ensnares the men's weapons in their hands and tosses them over an overhead light, the men still attached.
the doctor nods, then heaves himself up onto the examination couch to sit beside peter.
al-saleem gets in the back of an suv.
holly is talking animatedly; mickey takes a sip of coffee.
he looks down at it uncertainly, his eyes wide and tinged with fear.
he goes to the door, opens it slightly, looks out, then, back to lila.
lance, on this knees right beside vincent, does not know what to expect.
mary jane and peter, wrapped in each other's arms, are oblivious to it.
he opens it up.
having decided it's not too bad, she notes it down on her shopping list.
a man lies slumped against the farm fence.
it is driven by an american lieutenant and his passenger is a woman dressed in an american war correspondent's uniform (margaret bourke-white).
he sees the piano, is still for a moment, then goes to it.
from the same box, the older inmate and the sandy-haired man retrieved guns of their own.
jane and ricky sit on the bed, watching his wide-screen tv.
the two men who ran the projector are quietly dismantling it.
howard walks away from the kids and resumes videoing.
forrest looks at jenny as she sleeps.
swearing and choking, he pulls himself out of the rushing water by means of the fence itself.
her fingers caress his temple.
through the window, holly and mickey can be seen having lunch.
they head towards the golden glow of the sunset.
he comes to a hard stop at a street intersection.
looking straight down at hi, asleep in bed.
a horrible face appears, growing out of the back of quirrell's head.
the pirates are armed with a machine gun on a tripod.
a fleet of helicopters carries wild animals in suspended harnesses.
he pours the contents of a small vodka bottle into a juice container hidden from the passengers' view.
merrill regards him accusingly.
he continues to lead away the dude, who looks back over his.
she puts her hand on the door frame.
mike puts his arms around the bikini babes.
without looking at him, she leaves the room.
now jane is watching him.
he takes it from her, stares at her, then opens and reads its contents.
a girl in a silk costume and jewelry dances whirling round and round.
panicking people flee and stand on the ones who are stumbled.
oliver gets up.
they both turn on hearing the engine of flash's convertible.
pink suede shoes stalk the corridor.
draco pulls off the invisibility cloak, revealing harry immobilized and staring.
later, the queen sits on a sofa in the study and sips a glass of iced single malt.
he looks to morgan.
wick takes her arm quickly.
he hangs up the phone and turns to george.
she takes it and rises to her feet.
he glances in katrina's direction.
alyssa slides up to the cashier's desk as does holden, who offers a puzzled shrug.
henry is able to wiggle his hand towards indy's coat pocket.
unseen by its keeper.the ring falls to the muddy floor of a mountain tunnel
a boarding officer spots uri struggling.
she shifts in her seat, trying to control her now-vibrating.
mary jane stands up, gathers her bag, scarf, and newspaper, and goes for the door.
klaatu looks around, hearing the sirens.
in the stadium, david is standing motionless in the center of the walkway.
he climbs in and sam shuts the door.
he finds holmes half-buried under the rubble.
the hogwarts express chugs through barren moorland.
ba studies him for a moment -- and she sighs, her temper and breathing subsiding too.
marge twists her body sideways, shielding herself.
stanley, the dithering ancient butler, turns around.
harry grabs him, dragging and thumping him against the high walls as he flies, then hurling him through a corner of his window.
odo proudfoot looks up as the cart passes by, deeply suspicious.
its head has been removed.
he turns away from admiring his new body in the mirror and reaches for his shirt.
forrest runs across the field as the defending team chases him.
her parents go indoors and david approaches jenny.
reading aloud.
ginny runs upstairs.
they sit on a wall side by side, david with an icepack on his cheek.
the cops arrive at the edge of the pit and look down to find the capacitors slowing down and flint nowhere to be seen.
a flush of painful guilt and regret rises up in mary's face.
butch sees the fierce figure making a wobbly bee-line toward him.
holding his wand as protection, harry walks warily through the circular opening of the long and narrow tunnel.
harry is not convinced.
the girls start walking again.
back at home, kate and zoe are asleep on the sofa.
her hair covers most of her face from him.
skeeter smiles at aibileen, who is replenishing the ladies' glasses.
glen is eyeing him shrewdly.
the waitress stares wide-eyed and offended at jay.
he turns in it to look back at keyes' implacable face.
they move a little away from the door, facing each other, still whispering.
a pudgy bearded guy spots him and comes out from behind a lacy curtain.
he rides at the head of a column of 500 foot soldiers from rohan and gondor.
loomis is inside on the telephone.
a couple, arm in arm, approach one of the blocks.
thelma has just crossed the line from laughing to crying.
as they fight, a row of curved blade shoot out in harry's forearm.
the vicious creature appears behind them.
rain drenched, she storms over to him, grabs his face in her hands and kisses him hard.
banky joins him.
she squats down tracing letters in the puddles.
inigo, staring at rugen.
he takes out his wallet and hands jamal $100 bill.
an eyeball rotates in a peephole.
the ghetto buildings now burned-out shells, the street empty.
and takes the receiver.
she stops beside him, facing the same way, with a couple of feet separating them.
peter knocks the hand away and twists the thief's arm.
they start to climb.
thompson turns away from the scene, his face pinched, and strolls through a doorway.
she gets further and further away as though it is a very long hall in a very bad dream.
the woman sits gently beside the boy.
the men clink glasses, pours some away and down the rest.
it falls away in front of him into a deep ravine.
harry's eyes flutter, the dementors twisting madly in his vision, drawing closer.
aims it at the people they pass, picking them off one by one.
the girl in the portrait nods, turns, and walks away into the painting, past trees and bushes.
in another boat, a man takes a takes a drink from a flask, then passes it to cal.
he throws the oatmeal in szpilman's face.
a womans naked body emerges from the flowing sand.
sydney takes out the newspaper clipping.
and the expanse of gently waving maize plants beyond.
a sweep of headlights illuminates a sign on the pedestal:
jackson starts the rv.
a waitress comes over to harry with a coffee jar.
ed finally turns to face him.
she wears a short smock, although her legs are still bare.
there is a subtle but perceptible difference in yelburton's attitude.
wearing a backpack, javier screws a silencer onto his pistol as he climbs a flight of steps in the hotel.
he mutters incoherently.
debbie turns to see pete zoom out of the driveway.
he taps a cage.
he rises when gandhi enters.
debbie props her elbow on the windowsill and rubs her knuckles against her temple.
he walks up steps to an entrance hall where a tall bearded man is waiting.
arvind moves back in line.
he holds the receiver away from his ear a little, and the buzzer is heard sounding on filter.
cole emerges from the brownstone and moves down the steps.
first cedric, then bryce, the old caretaker, killed in the mansion.
she goes quietly.
it is cut off by the sound of a door being opened, close.
she watches as he jogs up the steps on which he was left as a baby.
dillinger swaggers off, escorted by deputies.
she looks over his shoulder and stares.
glaring at him, jacob reluctantly obeys.
tom looks at gatsby, slightly bemused.
angle on will, sorting through his swirling thoughts.
angle on: a rohan soldier stands before the beast.
he gets out of the car and runs indoors.
again, gin, the security chief, walks up behind a boy pursuing a shelf of video games.
he passes the car with nicole's things and glances through a few enlarged photographs in a basket.
lizzie, kitty and mrs. bennet remain standing, looking at her with a certain amount of expectant unease.
he removes from his jacket the star shaped legion of honor medal with its red ribbon and pins it to gavroche's coat.
pete and debbie watch graham sing a very moving song.
he grins, and it elicits a little grin from gandhi.
fergus says nothing.
finally, they break apart and take their seats.
frodo and gandalf smiling to themselves.
instead of banging off the wall of the tunnel, the ltd actually clings to it.
the house is totally black inside.
natalie is behind ryan.
the great wheels turn as the clock chimes.
the volunteers wear worried frowns.
he rises and faces her across the room.
they use whisks in the cookery class.
she leans down to grab her purse.
bo catlett hangs up, gets to his feet as the men all look into the office now.
the man goes to eat the pizza slice as it's whipped from his hand by a web.
now a friend pushes elise in a wheelchair.
he picks up alison's red notebook.
lester's remote-controlled model jeep is zooming across the floor of the family room, expertly maneuvering corners and narrowly avoiding crashing.
her parents are outside.
white pillow plumped up against the barred metal headboard.
still baffled, walker glances at the sea, at him, then hurries after.
he deftly rolls an engraved silver zippo back and forth over the nicotine stained fingers of his right hand.
the flame continues to burn.
he rolls.
he glides onto the stage upside down.
robin lies in bed in a dark room.
in the suite, charlie joins david.
howard smiles incredulously.
fabienne can hardly speak, she's never seen butch this way.
asael pursued like an animal.
renault stands up.
she's facing alette's table.
the music starts up again.
parrish falls silent, something in the sound and tone of the voice muting him.
gandalf, a strange smile plays on his face.
kate steps back and watches helplessly as zoe runs off.
helen and her escort walk past two agents pushing an empty wheelchair towards klaatu's room.
she stands there, listening to the sound of him urinate.
she leads him into her room.
she looks at him, sadly, and touches his face.
gandhi sits on the porch of his bungalow, spinning.
mary and the children stare at him, stunned by his furious outburst.
eddie bobs his head up and down.
he whips open his suitcoat to reveal a half-dozen sticks of dynamite.
his broken spectacles are mended.
david smiles, then turns to watch the dancers returning.
he pours another drink.
peter's lip trembles, and tears pour down his cheeks.
next morning, zoe stands by the bed looking down at kate, who's fast asleep.
the hum of the ring seems to grow louder in frodo's ears.
evan looks helpless.
nymphadora tonks indicates to harry to remain quiet.
everett grimaces, thinking.
the python raises its head and stares straight at him.
in the owners' column, however there are numerous freshly typed names pasted over the prior owners.
lizzie studies darcy as he rides away sitting stiff and proper in the saddle.
she puts the can of soda back on the trolley and walks on.
the camera leaves elliot to follow the enthusiastic lee as she takes dusty by the arm and starts leading him to the door.
emily plays gently with his ear, then lowers her eyes and lightly touches his lips with her fingertips.
chili's minivan is parked out front.
they smile as jane frowns.
in one lifeboat, molly and ruth stare at the ship, now tilted forward with its bow nearly submerged.
they grin tipsily.
under his shirt we see the wrappings around his ribs.
he takes ruth's hand.
she moves closer to him, leaning over the fence.
the crowd applauds, which makes the lion antsy.
she gets up from jeff's lap, and puts the overnight case on the table.
he shakes his body.
the place becomes a bedlam.
in the bathroom, thorwald is wiping the enameled wall with a damp cloth.
he puts the handkerchief back.
the station is visible about sixty yards away.
they are all terrified.
he pats a guy on a barstool then faces the couple.
edward opens one eye.
she stares at the expressionless agent who stares straight ahead ignoring her.
later that evening, he sits watching the news.
the officer holds up an envelope.
he grins, downs szpilman's vodka, gives a mock salute and goes.
indy's face, still pressed against the lens.
flickeringly, we see an eighteenth century balustrade and a flight of stone stairs.
he looks out the window.
a boy drops down.
butch tosses his boxing glove out the window, then starts untying the other one.
breen can't hear him, the sheriff lobs a candy bar.
walt runs out onto his porch as the honda speeds away.
he leads peter to a table.
dante and randal run from the front door, closely chased by a small crowd of angry mourners.
norman strips to the waist and takes bottle from strom.
as he steps into the beams of the headlights we can see him even more clearly.
howard wears a dazed expression as he answers his ringing cell phone.
charlotte's brown eyes meet her gaze for a second.
where an eight-year old will is propped up in bed, his face covered with chicken pox and pink calamine lotion.
louis wants to cry again, but just accepts it.
juno rides her bike aggressively down the street.
most prominent in the mural are two tall towers that rise dramatically from the ground, topped by -- -- the two flying saucers from the very first alien contact.
the elderly lady is now asleep in her deck chair, her face covered with the herald tribune.
ruby sits up, listening to song o.s.
now, pete clutches the crude pen and ink drawing as he stands at his father's front door.
there is a split second of indecision but it is ended by don's awareness of the bottle in his raincoat.
the plane decends rapidly.
a military recruiter spots forrest and steps up to him.
the two brothers sleep in sacks of vegetables.
ben sits at a table, reading.
as the dragon tries to bat, its huge wings smash into the brickwork.
jane sets off back towards the house, carrying her basket of flowers.
the master-at-arms carts jack away.
it lashes out angrily, giving harry a vicious blow with its tail.
a police dog handler blows a whistle and points.
banky flips through magazines, biting off mini pieces of the gum he's chewing.
holding a mug, harry wanders aimlessly through the great hall, congealed blood under his right nostril and bottom lip.
elise bends forward, sweeping her legs straight up into the air behind her.
gordon climbs back up
she passes in front of the tv.
moody looks towards the locked trunk.
he tosses it to kurt.
she exits the room.
they stumble desperately through the water.
his index finger and thumb are pinched together-holding the leg of a struggling fly that he has just plucked from the air.
jane shuffles out of the house, her backpack slung over her shoulder.
morgan looks at his father, unable to speak.
he tips his fez to henry.
the sailors level the boat and lower it toward the water.
the next morning, willie is asleep on his bed in a not-so- awful, not-so-great apartment.
evelle has various baby purchases - the diapers, baby food, etc.
there is a long pause as she tries to read his face.
the ford careens into a field and rolls twice before settling on its tires.
bob turns, as does audrey.
darcy stands at the very edge of the lake, now in just his breeches and loose, white shirt.
michael sizes up this raggedy group.
he walks toward it, breathing heavily.
with his hand, rambo scoops up the snake by its neck, and secures it in a sack.
walter's car pulls up the drive into the foreground and he and the dude get out.
he quickly limps down the hall using a cane.
he stops outside the door to his room and stands looking pensive.
carl holds up his hand expectantly and then nods knowingly.
he goes towards it, and starts to speak.
holden looks preoccupied.
david walks over to holly, who is busy at the pot-and-pan- covered stove.
the force propels voldemort backwards.
george stands in the doorway.
as he stares wide-eyed at something.
they both watch the plane take off, maintaining their gaze until it disappears into the clouds.
death eaters approach ginny and neville.
the car speeds off.
with draining strength, frodo manages to pull the ring off his finger.
there is a quick glimpse of him, a strange pale face staring back.
harry looks back to the tall grass.
but hermione doesn't reply, instead looping the pendant's long chain around harry's neck as well as her own.
nathan arizona is on the telephone, his stocking feet up on an ottoman.
he pauses his hand on the door knob.
she puts her briefs and the box for the vibrating briefs behind a cushion, stuffs the remote control in her handbag, and opens the door.
hermione leads the way, as they swerve to avoid tumbling, burning furniture.
her cloak flying, madam hooch runs across to neville and gently lifts him up.
they trudge through the chilly, rocky shadows.
sandra gets to her feet.
the sheriff's car is missing from the scene, but fragments of its lights remain.
weeping and wailing, the painted characters run from picture to picture.
holmes steps away and looks at the signature.
as he replaces it on the windowsill, his attention is drawn back to the scene outside the window.
he moves forward as the wind howls around him.
a thick-set man wearing a suit.
he prunes one of the rose bushes.
ferris remembers the man being beaten with a cricket bat.
harry nods, and peter gets to his feet.
the arched halls of the private school are lined with posted drawings and test papers.
the stairway deposits indy and henry into an enormous watery cavern beneath the mountain on which the castle was built.
leaving the door open, charlotte sulks away.
abby pretends to enter her house until she sees colin close his front door.
graham and merrill sit on the sofa.
he shakes his head light-heartedly.
her smile broadens.
hannah, still embarrassed, looks down at a plate.
standing beside her on the ocean, benjamin watches daisy as she raises her head from the still waters.
mary turns and sees george enter the hall, a slight powdering of snow on his head and shoulders.
she scratches her head thoughtfully as he walks away.
headlights play; the men suck back into the alley as a car passes by.
tommy has his halloween costume on and a big bag of candy on the floor.
the biker is approaching in the distant background.
the woman, daisy, lies in a hospital bed.
men carry out boxes, filing cabinets, desks, papers and load them into trucks.
hermione looks directly at harry.
latika sees jamal on the tv.
salim douses his groin in cold water.
she starts into the kitchen.
a selection of mouth-watering desserts are arranged neatly on gleaming, white plates.
from out in the corridor, a bell rings -- ding, ding.
zus looks at them both and affectionately pats asael on the cheek.
a mass of official people clutter the hall as a gurney is whisked down to the elevator.
a maid rushes to attend mrs. bennet.
the stranger keeps sprinting, as david looks for a place to sit.
a tank appears on the brow of the hill.
wearing a huge fur coat, hagrid plots across the snow covered courtyard, dragging behind him an enormous christmas tree.
barnes glares at the monitor, then leaps into action, rushing out of the gnn truck.
the buick crosses the nighttime horizon, leaving the small town, driving through a rural landscape.
jacob takes a swig of his drink.
she drops the necklace in with marley.
howard still carrying anna runs after them.
don tips the attendant with a fifty-cent piece.
the man in black is about to reply as they stand there on the edge of the sheer ravine.
whip takes the phone.
the kid looks the same, pale and weak, but maybe he's gripping the sheets a little too tightly with his hands.
on a railway platform, the train driver's approaching his cab, when elijah steps down from it.
kate walks around the bed and looks down sadly at her niece, who has grazes above and below her right eye.
michael gets off the boat and walks away up a wooden gangplank.
the ringwraiths step back from the slashed beds in triumph.
she holds his head.
jack reaches around the grate with the key, but misses the lock.
mary comes in and picks up the phone.
sarah dismounts and grabs him just before he falls down into the abyss.
then ricky looks up at him, and the colonel is suddenly self- conscious.
wearing a life vest, fabrizio swims past one of the broken window suction slams against the side of the ship, but he braces himself against the windowed frame.
it swells towards them.
a young giant looms out of the shadows.
we see his eye run up and down the unseen figure of mary.
the land rover comes to a sudden, violent halt in the middle of the river.
she cuts into it.
bently airbags has deployed.
tom gives myrtle a vicious backhander across the face.
it is headed above toward the hollywood hills, where the sun is setting.
halfway up the corridor hi points casually at the floor.
camera pans to a phone booth (solid door with a window in the upper half) and we see reggie's hand reaching up to dial a number.
michael walks out, guns blazing.
at hilly's house, minnie is fanning mrs. walters with a newspaper.
szpilman plays chopin's piano concerto no 1 with full orchestra and conductor.
pete shovels dirt onto the fire as delmar and everett scramble to peek over a low ridge.
paws on jenny's shoulders, he's licking her face.
on it is the group's name, autobahn, the album name, nagelbett, and a picture of three young germans, their foreheads looming below slicked-back hair, gazing upward in thin-lipped epiphany.
rides over some crates, jumps onto another boat then abandons the machine.
a classmate nudges sandra, who looks up.
they look at another screen.
the policeman suddenly lunges across the table.
he holds up the tiny pointed fragment on his fingertip for a moment.
with a smile on her face, she saunters away.
she is nude and looks beautiful and sensuous in the candlelight.
she sweeps out.
latika leaves the room.
larry picks up one of the triplets.
she looks at jane and smiles.
george has stopped, hat in hand, to hear the first greetings.
she glances at us.
he approaches fudge.
spectators watch in horror as he hurtles towards the ground.
at the foot mansion, minnie is hoovering down a stuffed standing grizzly bear on a corner dice.
she stops in front of the window of denny and george.
carolyn enters, terrified, still clutching her purse.
situated about a block away, the car approaches and comes to a stop.
she is carrying a pot of tea and two cups.
lila stares at it for a moment, up, then goes to the dressing table.
jack struggles to make the next move.
pete faces his wife.
as the lovely woman wipes coffee off her legs, a taxi hits the stranger.
rushing from the building, he runs across the street to agent baum.
gandhi on the steps of kingsley hall in the east end of london being greeted by a cheering crowd.
two more meagre drops emerge, like thick syrup.
gittes pulls it off, gets in the car and turns on the dash light.
surprised, the sheriff looks around.
bert sits with his shoes up on the couch.
grandpierre hands her the letter and watches her closely as she reads it.
mozart makes a convulsive gesture to reclaim the pages.
the passing of the dance leads lizzie away for a moment, then back again.
he looks up from his french fries and sees mj walking towards with a tray of food.
he stands gooping and is hit by a car.
four or five passengers are reading or writing.
harry makes his slide very fast.
he snaps his fingers.
he is very much in his own world of composition and the billiard balls are an aid to creation.
evan is back in the doorway, listening to norma, getting more and more angry.
bo holds morgan's hand.
the crowd streams past him, laughing and smiling.
smoke crawls an iron monster!
lynn's eyes lock on cole's.
she glances up at gandhi.
in the night, lightning flashes over darwin wharf.
from the stick in the hands of r.j. lupin comes out a shivering light,
david finds harry leaning against the railing at the boat's stern.
the two hostages run off.
harry finds luna pinning up notices.
general dyer, his armored car, his sepoys, moving toward the gate.
he hooks the car seat over his handlebars.
she cringes and looks hopeful.
harry scuttles backwards away from him.
michael aims the gun.
jack is disturbed by this.
gandhi, on his hands and knees, blood trickling from his abraded cheek, has picked up a card from the ground and he leans forward apprehensively, his eyes fearfully on the sergeant, but he drops it defiantly in the basket.
the train is just coming to a stop.
there are several expensive looking bottles and jars grouped around the basin, next to a white orchid in a pot.
the cab rolls up and nick gets out.
he speaks very quietly, but calmly and cheerfully, as to an invalid.
there are also photos of the people tim helped and an article on ezra.
when the intruders reach the foot of the cross, delmar turns.
minnie looks at the messy kitchen table.
derek smeath strides into his office.
over a shop- doorbell we hear: pearl watches her; john, the watch.
the men begin to run toward her.
mj comes home.
soaring his way through the skyscrapers, the costumed character is far above land.
jamal carries a tray of tea at the call center.
grandpierre lifts a corner of the sheet at the bottom and reveals a bare foot with a ticket tied to its big toe.
the siren is quite loud now.
sarah, admires her engagement ring.
he walks slowly along a corridor lost in thought.
his hands are secured to the table top with cable ties, palms down.
the song-writer's party is now in full swing, and fairly crowded.
rose peers sideways at cal as he walks away.
the camera moves in as lisa leans over jeff, gripping both sides of his chair.
a group of onlookers gather.
jeff pushes the food away, and picks up the coffee cup instead.
and plummets straight over the 700 foot sheer drop into the flaming city below.
she checks her phone, sees it's carl calling and puts it back on the table.
he leans up against a wall.
and adjusts his head so he can breathe easily.
harry spins his wand at a pile of posters.
stella staring out, tense, frightened.
fearing to offend rick, ugarte laughs.
forrest opens the door, the doctor stands next to mrs. gump in bed.
henry has one of the messerschmidts in his sight.
while he does so, his eyes light on the divan bed.
he dashes across the street and climbs the courthouse steps two at a time.
he then returns to the wounded man.
karl is less a monster than a freak -- a giant man, but in the end, just a man.
fergus turns around to see dil in front of the cafe.
as the kid nears the mall entrance he passes a group of older children doing skateboard stunts.
a helmeted german shoots a man in the back.
light reflecting off water revolves across the ceiling of the band stand.
she pockets a vial of saline solution, goes to the syringe cabinet and opens, then closes the door.
she smiles, and they kiss tenderly.
slowly, he examines the yellow passport and raises it high, as if to the altar.
explosions rip through the buildings.
the gesture has a symbolic quality, as if he were trying to wipe away the murder.
viktor's eyes are glazed over.
david wanders in wearing a casual brown jacket and open-neck shirt, glances around him, and stops in front of a picture.
he picks his daughter up.
he takes his knife out, and springs it open.
he grabs her wrist.
thousands of orcs continue moving relentlessly forward.
the music fades down.
the two children swings are blown back and forth by the wind.
she ties them round both of fergus's feet, very gently, so as not to wake him.
lydia and kitty rush ahead and stop at a shop window.
on this he comes around clear of the car with a revolver in one hand and a bloody roll of banknotes in the other.
eddie, looking excited, leads sarah through the crowd.
uncle billy searches through every pocket he has.
fergus takes out a cigarette, lights it, and lifts up jody's hood so he can smoke.
he takes the viewer from his eye, hands it to lisa.
the table is set.
she grabs the phone and punches in a number.
distraught, harry tries to follow.
evan nods and sticks his arms straight up in the air.
sidney tries to squeeze into the car beside sophie.
salieri turns to look around him.
all the lights, power and weapons systems are restored.
jim #1 walks toward the fence to greet carolyn.
joe separates from his father and is just in time to grab his mother's locket, which is being drawn towards the tower.
don realizes he's forgotten to put it up, but it's not too late, is it?
breen walks around the wrecked patrol car.
the sailors then see whores start to appear from the shadows of warehouse doorways.
brian fades to silhouette as the lights dim.
he ducks as a door flies open in front of him.
tim reaches into his jeans' pocket and hands them over.
she slaps herself again.
outside, darcy has now taken off his frock coat.
annie hangs up.
eddie finishes uncovering the table.
everyone except michael is practically hyperventilating with fear.
the old road is blocked with signs and warnings of danger.
she stands at her window, watching, as he rides away.
a dance sequence begins.
she quickly starts weaving cobwebs around him.
don comes from the bathroom.
the police half rise to look back at him, but there is a smattering of applause and several stand to look back.
the blairs are ushered through a vast ornate hall by a man in a navel uniform.
one of the bielski group carries a goat across the stream.
shifting his jaw, he glares indignantly at harry.
carney's wife and the other women stare at them.
mrs. robinson, without stopping, puts elaine's clothes down next to a half-packed open suitcase on her bed and moves to a telephone on the night table.
michael punches gabriel, grabs the overhead tv, and hurls it at gabriel.
jackson sees kate grinning.
hermione shakes her head, sits on the stone steps, and opens a book.
he picks up his glasses and puts them on.
the man in black is cutting deeply into fezzik's lead.
nick drives zoe and kate home.
david puts his head on one side quizzically.
michael schlumberg comes in from his salon.
he pulls into a gas station.
helen stares at him wide-eyed.
he then looks at another screen monitoring norman's physiology.
the four mighty limbs start to move away with octavius carried in midair.
he takes a large gulp.
frodo is carried up the steep stairs.
nick's handsome face is set in a haggard, weary frown.
jack spins cora as fabrizio and helga prance back and forth.
slowly, she looks herself in the eye, then sits down.
lockhart swallows nervously.
they walk to a ball.
spider-man turns to face him.
wick goes and sits beside don, takes the glass from his hand.
the dean shakes forrest's hand vigorously.
harling places his hand on whip's head and leaves.
george is crying too.
the figure is that of miss lonely hearts.
gandhi looks at the youth and the line of others.
kate and zoe walk along the street and stop by the side of a yellow school bus which is parked outside.
the albino shakes his head, says nothing.
a woman leaves her apartment.
they sit around regarding him with serious expressions.
fletcher's crew follow on a path along the cliff above.
the scientist chopper lands in a park.
lisa, still burning.
they are tied up in two separate chairs.
jules flips the locks and opens the case, revealing it to pumpkin but not to us.
in a hotel lobby, ryan stands waiting as natalie talks on her phone.
an angry murmur starts among the crowd.
they sit indoors.
aragorn turns as, quick as a flash, pippin has jumped off his horse and picked up -- the palantir.
wide eyed, slughorn gazes at the boy standing before him.
dillinger folds up the note.
then the soldier opens fire.
she walks on, towards the village beyond.
nema catches it.
a couple of ancient silverstream trailers are bathed in the eerie blue light of night's final moments.
a woman closes her shutters.
then tyeb mohammed and the youths about him.
indy glances at the columns, then notices a stained-glass window that depicts a knight of the crusades.
he hesitates.
the man runs down a quiet alley.
she crosses in heavy traffic.
she pushes her hands out, spins and kicks.
don comes back, takes the hat, starts away again.
a pause as the three men look at one another.
harry waits as hermione ties her scarf round a slender tree trunk.
he pulls it off his hip an listens.
abby stops flossing and looks at joy.
as he trots along, he sees spider's honda coming the other way.
and his smile is enough.
gandhi lets it run for a time, then stills it with the one small gesture as before.
lynda strolls up to her house.
the surveillance man motions to hal to keep it going.
everyone leaves.
she goes back inside through the second door.
hermione lifts the note, to read the title.
she stares straight ahead, the bottle clutched in her hands between her knees.
as diggory reaches out to grab it, lightning catapults him backwards on his broomstick.
he raises his staff above the window, and slams it down on the intruder.
the vast landscape dwarfs the figure of the queen, who sits on the riverbank, by the vehicle.
he sees emily, who is wearing ugg boots with her nighty, shuffle down onto a ward.
harry's aunt petunia, sits in a car, staring blankly.
he waves his wand, and the gates evaporate allowing him to step through.
phyllis stands there waving goodbye as the train starts moving, and the porter begins to close the car door.
looking down on jeff's face, showing his strain and the pain of thorwald's attack.
that foot is massive.
the corsac tries to flee, but holmes yanks him back with the rope connecting them.
we come into the middle of an argument on the sidewalk.
david looks away, walks behind david to the weights.
kayleigh turns to face the jeering crowd.
bundles of oil-soaked wood are stacked all around them.
nick leans in and kisses kate full on the lips.
helen is with it.
billie hops in next to dillinger, who chews gum and smiles.
the pov swing away from the window and begins to restlessly pace back and forth, agitated, disturbed.
a truck honks its horn as forrest runs across the street past the truck.
the man looks down, swallows, and looks at her again.
vanessa looks across at mark, who shrugs brutally.
mary hands her punch cup to freddie, and she and george start dancing.
they rush up to her desk.
the ponytail man moves to the front counter.
more skeletons surround him, resting in their carved niches.
taylor runs off with a smirk, then enters the annex behind two agents as the bomb goes off outside.
willa is standing, beckoning john.
audrey swings the flare gun toward gabriel, but he knocks her hand aside just as she pulls the trigger and the flare goes off inside the car!
as she bends over to retrieve a bag, kurt ogles her backside.
as aunt marge wags her finger at harry, the tip begins to swell.
twin 9- year-old boys bicker over an action figure.
and picks up the phone.
with the green scarf flowing behind her, she dashes towards a tall, glass-topped building.
it's later now, the sun slants down at a slightly different angle.
it stops him cold.
she recognizes him from these fragments.
the tip of it glows as it points up towards the skull- shaped cloud.
merrill puts down the bag of feed and unties isabel, the other alsatian, from the veranda steps.
holding a gun in his pocket, dillinger peeks around a tree.
after some moments, he rises and limps away.
harry and hermione watch themselves start up the slope.
the window is open.
her face contorted in deep sadness as she speaks in her sleep.
kate looks down at her sleeping niece, then places the remote on a chest of drawers.
harry gazes down at the busy marketplace below his window.
disgusted, carl pockets the gun and heads for the door.
he sees the envelope, looks inside at the money.
a color photograph of john f. kennedy now hangs next to the photograph of aibileen's son.
she now wears indy's fedora; indy is wearing elsa's beret.
a man selling dentures stands by his cart and we hear fragments of his sales pitch.
the party at the song-writer's has grow considerably larger.
dressed in a tuxedo, he exudes both confidence and power.
caroline leaves daisy's bedside.
he smiles a true friend's smile.
he starts running towards the car.
they walk together.
from where the dog fell, a figure gets up and limps away through the bushes.
tim lurches toward sarah, who's been thrown from the car and lies on the dark road.
pete watches graham parker perform with his band.
they stare down at jack and rose.
frodo's hand grasping sam's.
fergus leads him through the door, past maguire.
gittes begins a slow slide down the tile to the edge of the roof and possibly over it to a three-story drop.
she shoots up into the air and hovers with arms outstretched, her mouth open in a muted scream.
he backs into a maintenance man in orange overalls pushing a trash bin on wheels.
as camera approaches the bed, we see the folded newspaper as mary placed it on the bedside table.
she looks tearful and distressed.
she's changed into a black dress with a scoop neck, a full skirt with petticoats, and wears black gloves and a silver necklace.
peter's eyes widen as a truck suspended above the yellow cab starts shedding its load of breeze blocks which rain down like giant hailstones, ripping a door off the cab.
the bus is full of scruffy street kids gazing out of the windows.
dante crosses back to his post, as randal enters, tossing the key into the air happily and catching it.
rose lays her head on jack's shoulder, then kisses his fingertips.
gordon pilots the plane between tumbling sections of the freeway, then rolls to the right.
she falls back into the water.
dillinger accosts an average man standing outside a cabin.
he looks up at clarence standing beside him.
rick appears shocked.
he turns it in the lock.
hermione locks herself in a toilet.
dust billows around it as bullets hit the exterior stone wall.
a kid finds the remote control unit for the vibrating briefs on the floor and picks it up.
another customer comes to the counter.
she finds one, then turns and steps back into the kitchen and screams at the top of her lungs.
mr. blonde holds the ear up to the cop to see.
he is on the phone.
brian smiles and looks away.
all four radiomen now have their guns drawn.
as she dives for cover behind a parked car.
peter frowns as he struggles to understand.
barnes is thrown around as the hatchback breaks through the gap.
helen looks shocked.
the doctor sits, listening.
she grabs him to stop him.
jackson reaches out in desperation as the hydraulic wall draws near to the gate.
he holds a neuralyzer up in front of them, and the recruits stare obediently at it as zed slips on a pair of black sunglasses.
spider-man leaps onto a building with the stars and stripes fluttering behind him, then launches himself towards the action.
they cry indistinctly with excitement.
the indian side acknowledges chelmsford's disclaimer -- coolly, but accepting it.
charlie follows holding the baby.
as simon hears melvin through the door and takes a step back.
dark clouds cover half of the bright moon.
mac wipes his feet on the doormat.
nullah dashes towards him and flynn is trampled the panicked animals.
hal thinks for a moment and then looks to max.
sunlight kicks off the axe as it rises over the trees.
morgan and bo are glued to the tv screen in the closet.
the policeman skulking behind a tree calls to his men to go.
the woman almost screams at the people now, as she looks up at the apartment.
they drive into a rough neighborhood.
an identical gold wedding ring sits on her finger.
he takes a bulging envelope from the old dresser drawer and a savings book from a small box.
he sees something glinting in the sky.
we see lisa moving behind him toward the shelf.
scrimgeour and hermione both look expectant, then disappointed.
as the chain snakes around it and rips it out of hi's hands.
it's as if laurel is sucked into another universe.
unfortunately the dummy is too tall for him to reach it.
hearing this, harry frowns, glances at uncle vernon, who glares darkly at him.
a taxi skids to a stop, almost hitting them as they cross the street.
dillinger breaks off, eyeing another table.
harling opens a beer and takes a swig.
hermione takes his arm and gives harry an excited little wave.
ginny weasley rushes into the room.
she is not yet devotee and nurse.
she opens the letter, reads it, then hides it in her pocket.
his room is a haven of high-tech.
several death eaters make their escape.
the two rows of chained men sit.
suddenly a woman comes up to him.
they approach him.
she screams -- they both fall to the floor, stunned -- push in on joe, his heart pounding.
a customer comes along the aisle toward them.
staring at the tiny snake, harry concentrates hard.
fred and george fly from the building and swoop out over the battlements on their broomsticks, flinging fireworks as they go.
he turns off the lamp; the room is now pitch-black.
bleeker breaks the tape.
he takes off his old watch and flings it.
sound of trucks rattling over the rails.
he kneels down in the mud and stares at it.
she sees a sun chair being buffeted in the wind.
as the delegates look at one another, confused.
after she has gone by sam steals a look in her direction.
chasing after harry the bludger crashes through the towers, one by one.
jessie gets up and retrieves a note.
he makes the mistake of opening the glass door in the entryway, putting his back to gittes for a moment.
alison has her back to him.
from down there up from high on the hull tamara spots caesar on the ground.
he holds out his hand and the car stops.
is climbing out of the car, looking very uncomfortable.
they go on down the stairs.
we look upward, see the tops of the trees etched against the darkening sky.
she turns and runs away.
emily frowns as she listens to ben humming.
elizabeth's po-faced husband is the only other occupant.
there's a naked man sleeping on his stomach wakes up.
death eaters appear and zoom over the decoy harrys.
moriarty reads it and looks around in concern.
majorek beside him, standing, chatting to him and having a quiet laugh.
luna raises her specs.
ben, dressed, lies on his back on the bed.
onlookers stare at them, appalled, as leah puts juno in a half-nelson.
now, they pull out of the lot in an old, run-down chevy caprice.
swings around and is coming in for another pass.
he moves the side-stick forward.
as he nears the light, it floats towards him, then sinks below the ice.
he sends black spider-man ricocheting between two passing trains.
the dude pulls his sunglasses down his nose with one finger and peeks over them.
reunited, harry, hermione and ron, see flames ahead of them.
jeff answers, showing only the slightest irritation.
peter walks away from mj in the graveyard.
the thing's teeth sink deep into his arm.
he crosses the street and enters his apartment courtyard.
fire trucks surround a burning apartment building.
it is raining.
in another part of the school, bellatrix and ginny are dueling it out.
the kitchen is dark.
harry mounts a staircase.
she's wearing a simple black suit and hat, indicating mourning.
as vizzini fills the goblets with the dark red liquid, the man in black pulls a small packet from his clothing, handing it to vizzini.
a stone birdbath is cleaned up and surrounded with pretty flowers.
we rush in on don price.
she does, her pained grimace melts into a peaceful smile.
he races down a suburban street wearing his helmet and yellow-tinted sunglasses.
jay leaps back and draws the noisy cricket, kay pulls out his series four deatomizer, and edgar holds his shotgun under laurel's chin, using her body to shield his own.
newspapers slam into the appropriate racks.
a flicker of a smile plays on paula's lips.
butch continues to massage her crotch.
the executioner raises his axe and splits a pumpkin in frustration.
old salieri lies on the floor in a pool of blood, an open razor in his hand.
al-saleem and one of his men head downstairs and through a market.
there's a patrol car and people gathered on the street.
we start in lance's and jody's bedroom.
randal throws his fists into dante's midriff, throwing him back into the magazine rack.
viewing the screen, it now reads.
an anchorman over tv, is standing in front of a pier.
lizzie waves up at her and kitty.
the sun is coming higher in the sky now.
he puts the car in park but leaves it running.
angle on: gandalf gallops toward the pyre, knocking denethor to his feet.
he grins inanely.
flynn rides next to nullah on the cliff edge, showing off, riding one-handed.
gandalf looks at him more keenly.
jenny is stumped.
as the wands glow more brightly, light bursts through the clouds and the skull disappears.
as ilsa and laszlo leave, an officer comes in.
yet another customer comes to the counter.
sweeping over the minas tirith walls, racing towards the top of the city.
the time is twenty minutes of one.
louise is heading towards the bathroom, where there is a line of at least fifteen women in front of her.
to harry's relief it withdraws its head.
a door, in the far wall seems to open and close by itself.
he scrambles to his feet and slugs the donkey with a big right hook, knocking its head off.
slagle and his associates are fighting with the staff.
dante is staring, open-mouthed, at something o.c.
he glances across the aisle.
as he drives he talks to himself.
the harpsichord music begins to play again as the camera moves over the bed covers to reveal lee, lying contentedly under the sheets, her hair fanned out on the pillows, one arm near her head.
they stare down after him.
she is now running fast towards icey, who walks towards her with arms outstretched.
the camera approaches one of them.
he's in the kitchen making a fry-up.
they take refuge on a small island of sand.
a seething crowd fills the plaza mayor.
he beams his toothy grin.
he connects with voldemort.
he goes on with his packing.
he helps his father to a seat.
and she shoots him again, as he hands the cloth back to manu.
she knits her fingers together,
gideon begins sneezing.
he gazes downward.
some carry infants on their backs.
a porter comes over.
laurie shrinks back into a dark corner.
hilly comes out of her house grimacing.
szpilman drags himself along, trudging through snow and slush.
the locket dangles from her hand.
blonde jack deals sven another card and then exchanges one of his own for a card from the deck.
cole is surprised.
are standing over the body of mulwray.
jack looks at nelec -- not quite believing him.
a beat-up chevy pulls into the all-night store's empty parking lot.
mickey, still in surprised shock, turns away from the angry writer.
the fellowship are nervously waiting.while gandalf sits, staring intently at the 3 tunnel mouths in front of him.
the marauder's map lies open on an otherwise bare desk.
now, he's walking through the magnificent portrait-lined hall at pemberley, holding aloft a candle to light his way.
growling as dieter screams, he worries his ear, waggling his head with his jaws clamped.
morgan and merrill raise their arms.
the queen continues staring at tony, who nods stiffly in response.
merry and pippin are scooped off their feet by uruk-hai.
sasha does it for him.
as orc run through the streets, men, women, and children flee.
latika is in the middle of a gridlock road.
long shot over ben to pool area and people below.
the boyfriend rips off his mask.
the first-years march down the center of the room, watched curiously by the rest of the school who was sitting at long tables.
in fact, he is studying a very ancient parchment volume which lies open on the desk.
pete breathes all over her as he talks.
he slips two books back into jenny's cauldron.
audrey stood stunned ,standing wide eyes opned and, holding up the child.
a state-of-the- art multimedia computer crowds his desk, and high-end stereo and video equipment line the shelves, as well as hundreds of cds.
mozart pulls a face of doubt in the mirror.
he has spotted the locket around her neck.
he wrenches off the leather patch with the mad, rolling eye, and flings it down.
a taxi driver looks up in amazement.
he stops, gets out and flings green to the ground.
as she starts to cry, she leans forward and hugs the big labrador.
jenny climbs up into the bus.
filled floor to ceiling with furniture and knickknacks.
the bullet ricochets off a metal pole.
sandra notices the transom window above the door.
from the woods, the other kids watch anxiously.
the basin is almost empty.
cedric is there, he takes cho with him.
she looks imploringly at him.
as one lifeboat returns to the site of the wreck, the dark haired crewman shines his flashlight over the debris strewn water.
they stop and look across at a large, flat-roofed building.
ben is alone in bed.
he has suction cups on his head now, on his temple, on his heart, his hands and feet.
harry hands round a plate of biscuits as vernon relaxes in his armchair.
she accepts them, delighted.
she closes the door and turns around.
an older man is in the doorway.
a priest faces them.
with a broad smile, mr. bingley rides on towards his new property, followed by his companion, mr. darcy.
tuvia, weaving his way between the trees, is knocked off his feet by an exploding shell.
frodo sits amongst a council of free-peoples of middle earth, elrond stands before them, addressing gandalf, strider, legolas, and 20 other elves, dwarves, and men.
the man checks his pocket watch then steps to rose and her mother.
strasser is on the phone.
jenny stops playing, her piece not quite finished.
the two brothers hug fiercely.
jack and rose step through it and into the cargo hold.
she turns sharply and sees him.
rose turns and grasps jack's outstretched hand.
we zoom slowly in on him as he watches, transfixed.
andy spots nigel talking to reporters.
the ceremonies begin.
now, a waiter pushes in a dessert cart.
westley, picking her up.
the young father stands over the trio and flips off a table lamp.
he bends down to read it.
the floor of the forest is a seething mass of spiders.
ashton sees his double on tv.
the soprano is leaning on a wagon wheel; her voice soars.
from his expression he looks like he'll call the nearest cop.
he drops a bone into the cauldron.
jackson catches his breath and opens up the map.
she pats her face and hands with a wipe, then sprays herself with perfume.
they move down a narrow aisle of comics.
mary jane tries to maneuver a breeze block lodged in the cab.
she looks down at the gift in her hand and chokes back more tears.
another dark suited man climbs into the president's car.
he spits blood.
lila moves on, catches a glimpse of herself in the pier-glass, is startled, turns away, goes to the chiffonier, is about to open a drawer, sees the high wardrobe out of the corner of her eyes, goes to it, hesitantly.
ben lets himself into a dark room and carries in his cases.
a stream of green light flashes from the elder wand and hits harry full on.
a group of girls dressed in blue dance up the aisle and release butterflies into the air.
he has wood blocks strapped to his feet so that he can reach accelerator, brake and clutch.
carl climbs the stairs.
the spacecraft becomes a dot of light high up in the sky.
she stops decorating the envelope.
inigo struggles bravely under their combined weight.
darcy, charlotte, and maria are sitting in a sofa near her.
graham looks at morgan lying limp on the ground.
it swings him backwards and forwards trying to shake him off.
jack watches her leave through a wavy window glass, then gazes downward.
peter and harry duck sandman's huge fists.
he stows the cash in his bag and leaves.
the camera is loaded.
they plow through the stone army in pursuit of the tinny professor flitwick.
she turns to go.
the maids leave.
jeff says, as if remembering some old experience.
it is political, but the crowd is mixed.
where sue helps two other women get out of a car.
jeff begin to get desperate.
joe regards easter, a long moment.
on stage the dungeon lid is slammed.
two police cars are parked in the street in front of nichols hardware store.
afterwards, in the living room, he pours himself a straight vodka and her one with orange.
he munches on a chicken leg and sits on the toilet.
a dragon skeleton falls in a clatter of bones and dust.
the jeep races past camera -- we pan -- revealing as.
tuvia sees lilka setting off to find food.
he just sits there.
he is only a few steps away, but turned to speak to someone on the other side, and manu half obscures him.
the print is fine.
in the chartroom, andrews unrolls the ship's blueprint.
rambo pushes his stick into the greenery.
lenny, silhouetted by the sky, seems to vibrate violently as if operating a jack-hammer.
harry and aunt may are tidying up and mj has a sniff of a casserole.
dragging the kitchen match along the unfinished wood surface of an expensive bureau, leaving an ugly black scar.
george turns a bottle around from which gower has taken the powder for the capsules.
the students run into the school.
they enter umbridge's study.
alyssa picks up a ball, squints to aim, and whips it overhand.
they get out of the car.
malcolm looks up sharply.
pirate motorboat pulls alongside them.
sarah and michael embrace for a few moments, then he gently pushes her arms away and strokes her hair.
the next morning at their camp, sandy-haired tuvia looks across at zus with fury in his pale blue eyes.
handing malbin the gun, tuvia runs off to investigate.
hi sits asleep on the sofa at the far end of the room, in a pool of lamp light.
a bellboy answers a phone in the hotel reception.
she kneels down beside don.
the uncle pours more beer from his bottle into the kids' outstretched glasses.
it sweeps down over green fields and trees towards a ramshackle house beside a lake.
during the pause, he looks into each face in turn.
barbara clough gets up from the dining table and wanders into the hall to find it empty.
the limo smashes out of the other side.
his eyes fall on the anklet again.
says the commander with a smirk.
forrest stands next to george wallace and listens.
ducks its beak.
thelma is looking way up ahead in the distance.
harry turns to run.
suddenly he moves violently toward gandhi, taking a flat piece of indian bread (chapati) from his trousers and tossing it forcefully on gandhi.
he reaches for a plastic bag.
fleur runs frantically between the hedges.
she faces him, her arms folded, a set expression on her face.
they are talking to each other.
his robe is disheveled; his eyeglasses have slid down his nose.
they cartwheel into the air and land in a heap.
he takes one, puts it between his lips, gropes around for a match, lights cigarette.
he comes to the window, glass in hand, and looks down into the garden, nonchalantly.
the man in black increases the pressure.
the walkway collapses, and harry drops to the floor below.
valjean looks round.
winstead kneels and opens fire.
irwin is in shadows behind his desk looking, still, in some kind of shock, staring at gandhi.
he grabs his scabbard and takes off after the princess and we.
he looks peeved.
there is a wild scrabble as he fights them off.
they tear down a road on the scooter.
the captain turns briskly to two of his detail.
benjamin pulls his sweater off and climbs onto the bed as daisy reclines, wearing a sultry black slip.
chili follows martin over to the minivan, opens the door for him.
harry stretches out a hand towards them, but his fingers only touch his reflection in the glass.
the tadpole-like licorice snaps, attract harry's attention.
tuvia appropriates the german gun, takes up a position in the undergrowth behind the german line,
klaatu pulls himself out of the car, then lifts out jacob.
marley stands, head tilted back at a rain-lashed window.
in the visiting room the door opens.
harry looks across at the ghostly helena.
he turns sharply and tries to find the source of it.
he lift the long-focus lens up to his eyes again.
two of them listen to mrs. bennet's hysterical chatter.
a low whistle as it sweeps through the air.
she looks towards neff.
unfolds it: it's an old map -- thin, off-white paper.
he looks through the open window in the direction of the linen bazaar.
a decomposing human corpse lies partially submerged in the water.
the narrator's voice fade away.
all wear armbands.
a teenage boy in hogwarts uniform is standing at the bend of the stairs, staring at the landing above.
they run to lockhart's room.
smoke blocks whip's vision as he is pulled away from the plane as people in white robes help the passengers.
he moves towards harry, nagini behind him.
large hands suddenly clamp down on merry and pippin's ears.
it's cosette entering, followed by marius.
he talks into his earpiece.
a swarm of dementors is moving ominously across the sky.
ahead is a great grey wall, a last huge mass of mountainstone and in the shadows at the base of the towering rock lies a tunnel.
the policeman holds a lantern.
alice hold it.
the battering ram from hell!
amos leans over so karl can sign a contract on his back.
helen turns away looking worried and approaches jacob.
a tiny cloud of moth dust mushrooms into the air and harry lifts his palm.
they walk off, leaving the body slumped amid the rubbish bags in the dumpster.
he falls, trapped in the sticky substance which clings to him.
and then he walks off away from the library.
she thumbs through it, as the movie.
chili looks over at tommy.
it is the face of dante and this is dante's room; this is dante's life.
he bends down to pick it up but suddenly freezes, with a soft grunt of surprise.
walter is striding down the lawn with his attache case like an enraged encyclopedia salesman.
frodo.breathing rapidly, caught in the grip of his hideous vision.
strider stops, casts a glance back at sam.
they're arms flop to their laps as they gaze up at the figure leaning over them.
uniformly grey against the grey floor and walls, david descends the stone staircase.
he yanks her up by the hair and diana's mouth hangs open.
the undergrowth grabs cedric and he falls to the ground.
rose turns to jack.
he waves two prisoners on.
the man pulls the cord tighter.
his arms are shaking hard.
smaller than mulwray's, he has most noticeably a lacquered marlin mounted on the wall.
the crowd breaks up and leaves.
and we see the hess family.
we shoot them through the window of miz cunningham's second- hand store.
ashton nods, and barnes helps to drag him into a sitting position.
her full lips curl into a smile.
vogel's hat sails in and falls to the floor.
marius stops adjusting the barricade and sits with the others.
with all the boys helping, joe pulls himself up -- outside the bus, joe peeks out -- the fucking creature -- its back to joe -- just fifteen feet away, focused on the door -- and joe strains to climb out here, onto the top-side of the bus.
holmes throws the corsac, who back-flips off a wall and comes at him again.
hearing the voice, she looks around.
her eyes appear glazed.
her head turned away from him.
he leans out a little and looks down.
sarah rests her head on drover's shoulder and caresses his cheek.
brian pulls up with peter in his ford zodiac on the seafront.
anheuser hangs his head.
yvonne, sitting at a table with her german officer, stares down into her drink.
watching from up above, tamara sobs.
mr. cunningham's face becomes still.
hilly dismisses mary beth with a wave of her hand.
ron looks around the room.
forrest looks a little surprised.
norman hides behind a wall then jumps out.
he slices across bob's chest.
lupin looks from sirius to harry.
they look around fearfully, as armed figures march out of the jungle through the smoke.
she looks across to a neighboring balcony.
they head for the pitch.
he inspects the baby.
inside the house, the strong beam of the old man's torch flickers over dusty wooden paneling and a grandfather clock festooned with cobwebs.
suddenly the elevator stops between floors and the lights go out.
as tuvia dives out of the back door.
she beams back at him.
harry closes it and gets up.
hermione throws the ferret.
kate goes into her room.
a tremor ripples through the ground.
the chief is already up off his chair, rounding the desk.
he takes a woman's gloved hand as she steps out of the car.
rose pauses at a staircase, then turns left and walks down another floated corridor, littered with floating furniture.
kate walks into her office, where zoe is slumped over the desk fast asleep.
latika nervously prepares a sandwich for javed.
sandra slaps audrey hard.
and the car squeals off.
more footage shows members of the public gathered around an arrangement of candles on the ground.
he makes to move away.
don gives a cry of horror.
helen and danny are completely wrapped up in one another.
we see cosette's frightened eyes peering out from a tiny gap in this wall.
at his whistle the back doors burst open and a line of chained men trot in at double-time.
harry's forced to retreat behind a rock as the dragon flames him.
panama hat sees indy coming and hurries toward the ladder that leads up to the bridge.
george, visibly shaken, is busy with his bag, his papers.
the woman smiles for the first time.
zoe ushers kate out of the kitchen.
nick stands and looks around thoughtfully.
juno gives her the finger, keeping her lips firmly stuck to bleeker's lips.
later, rose sets framed photographs beside the fishbowl.
from the balcony, he watches as bone saw mcgraw, the master of disaster,slams an opponent on the floor then jumps on him leading with an arm to his throat.
stacks of plates slide off the shelves and smash on the floor.
he steps down.
frodo pulls a bedraggled and half drowned sam into the boat.
she makes her way down the hall to zoe's bedroom.
she responds but, as he holds her tighter, she starts to struggle.
his mouth twists into a mock smile.
louis is wide-eyed in shock.
shattered furniture lies strewn everywhere.
he looks at himself in the mirror and sighs.
she starts to look.
he walks through the apartment and back into the kitchen.
pete stares at her with his legs spread.
lynn lays cole gently on his bed next to his german shepherd puppy.
he looks at his own parents.
the door swings slowly open and harry stares in surprise as the lamplight illuminates a very small badly wrapped package tide with string.
harry and ron are knocked to the ground.
she helps him to a sitting position.
nina flashes a torchlight and screams for help as does tamara in the anti-chamber.
harry walks further into the vault.
daisy spins around and faces nick, and they shimmy back and forth.
she can't hear anything now.
indy moves forward through the rat-infested water as elsa follows, still gasping in horror.
the cylinder goes on revolving, but no more voice comes -- only the whir of the needle on the empty record.
the green goblin, on his glider, catches the unconscious figure and takes him to a rooftop.
thomas removes his coat as a doctor approaches him, then turns to see a priest.
joe nudges alice, who looks round and sees her dad with jack.
they appear in the mirror.
the assistant steps back, raising his hands as if in surrender.
benjamin looks timid.
the alfa hurtles off a precipice.
uncle billy comes hurrying in.
he takes a quick glance down to the street below.
he lifts her up by the shoulders.
seeing an opening in the line at the cloak room counter, he steps into it.
in a classroom, a teacher writes on the blackboard.
he flips through the literature as he walks, then looks straight ahead, pondering.
the inquisitorial squad watch her go through the large wooden doors.
the fellas crack up.
fierce warriors bar their way with drawn swords.
sam and lila follow norman.
he sits there kneeling two feet from the door.
and they all laugh.
we are now very close on hi, staring.
she kisses his forehead and walks away.
then something catches gandhi's eye.
mr. weasley hesitates yet again.
it works.
al large army of death eaters troop across the bridge.
she considers him for a moment, then pulls out a cigarette.
he leans out of the window and fires.
latika is pulled out of the car.
norman osborn is reading the daily bugle.
eddie goes back to his bottle of beer.
as the headwaiter takes them to a table they pass by the piano, and the woman looks at sam.
she goes to the door.
he walks back out to laszlo.
mr. norton goes to meet her.
the barbecue fork sticks out of houdini's throat.
his eyes fill with tears.
ryan walks along the hall and lets himself into his apartment.
frodo, sam, merry and pippin clamber desperately towards the summit, clutching their swords.
they all sit down.
with hind legs, shelob picks sam off the ground and tosses him backwards!
skeeter joins the young women.
gittes has been sitting on a wooden bench, smoking and listening.
he grasps her hands.
the stranger turns and glares at malcolm.
a worker snatches a note.
a mostly black congregation has gathered for the funeral in a quaint white church.
above it, the name yvonne bastidos has been crossed out.
frodo, walking arm-in-arm with bilbo through a beautiful elven boat-house.
the civilian looks at him sharply, then smiles derisively, signaling the car off.
he tosses it onto a chair and flops back on the bed.
inside the abbey, the royal family sits stone faced.
the frosty treats van pulls up.
rebecca, wandering along a wintry lake shore, is a tiny dot in the distance.
hermione runs up.
with one last bang we cut.
he punches the air and bounds off.
frodo, the weight of the decision weighing heavily upon him.
lavender puts a heart pendant round ron's neck.
as david rushes toward the stage, a male dancer picks elise up and carries her off the platform.
the younger inmate shoots him, which captures the rest of the room's attention.
suddenly, as if struck by a memory, she moves her hand up to her lips.
grimsrud is not gaining on the tail lights.
sasha leads jackson and the others to a cargo plane, an antonov
bruised and bandaged, edward sorts through a big bag of mail with help from sandra.
some children at a neighboring house come out to see what the commotion is all about.
the huge muscle-bound black man with a shaved head is knitting his brow in consternation.
purvis' gaze follows her as she walks around his vehicle.
purvis leads agent barton to a door, then readies his hand on his gun.
he turns back to his computer.
they keep running, heading towards the railway line.
carl sits at the bar, smiling and waiting.
evelyn can't quite conceal her surprise at the question.
they stare at him.
half a dozen snatchers set off in pursuit.
javert stops one.
moody carefully directs it to the palm of his hand.
he takes off his suit jacket and stares at benjamin, who lies in the drawer at queenie's bedside.
neff starts to move towards the door, staggering a little, holding himself upright with great effort.
wick has stepped to the sink.
inside is a bed of straw with the toad resting on it.
the van blows up.
jewish policemen approach and order the people about, pushing and shoving them into line.
he steps inside.
sophie and elena leave sydney alone.
he leaps back in pain, dropping the butcher knife, grabbing his eye with both hands.
caroline sits back and picks up the diary.
he shakes his head wierdly.
he rips the yellow paper into pieces and throws the pieces out over the valley.
jay and kay are standing there.
he puts on a cheap suit, like any country boy in a big city.
larry extends his hand.
as he aims carefully and fires.
the dude turns to look.
she carries the baby into the house.
harrison stomps away and right toward marcus and willie as they enter the store.
he picks up the officer's plan book, and shows it to elise.
he beams amid cheers and then, as three girls in gingham frocks run out to join him.
peter straightens his necktie, then steps forward.
malcolm points to the huge framed certificate propped up on a dining room chair.
hannah scrutinizes him.
with white face paint, fangs and a cape, he carries a glass of wine as he finds elena dressed as marlene dietrich.
he leans forward, and they hug, holding each other in a warm embrace.
she carefully rolls down her stocking, revealing a scar beneath her right knee.
he shows his right.
he half pushes, half leads her into the entrance hall.
in the listless, burned-out collection, don is the only person who moves with purpose.
he slowly raises the shotgun again.
he bends over and bounds like a stick insect.
forrest runs through the jungle searching for bubba.
mirabehn looks daunted by his intractability.
merrill's confused.
the two teenage girls move away from jane and angela.
lizzie looks surprised.
hugh partially raises his hands.
his chef is a tall, bald black guy, who wears a crucifix and couple of dog tags around his neck.
as the kiss ends, edward tries to pull off his wedding ring.
camera slowly tracks through the darkened bedroom of the wallace house.
the boat is close to the edge of the canal.
sandy's gaze softens.
will stops short, the traffic backed up.
he darts into the road as an ambulance approaches.
vanessa grabs it from him and they both read it.
he is obviously tired and discouraged as he starts up the stairs.
he points to her, mimes dancing, then points to himself.
molly stands in the lifeboat.
the ship vibrates.
now, the older girl makes bacon and scrambled eggs as her father brings in big, colorful balloons.
then ba straightens, and leaves without looking back.
draco reads out the writing on the wall.
walt downs his shot in one.
and takes a seat at a card table.
a snatcher holds it.
they take blows and holmes lands a punch on moriarty's face.
outside the church, david heads towards his car.
bonnet up, gin steps back from the car.
jessica follows him honking on the horn desperately.
he gets no answer from lenny, who stands in the exact same spot.
she smiles faintly and places a small crucifix on a necklace into his enormous hand.
the residue of a full day's traveling is in evidence: crumpled paper towels, cigarette butts, etc.
the swaying echelon of choristers slowly dissolves to a row of raincoats, exactly like the one don wore.
the eagles bravely fly amid the raining ash and molten rocks.
mickey, his hands in his pockets, walks along the sidewalk, one person among many other pedestrians.
michael holds on tight.
harry follows.
holly hugs him tightly, then steps back.
he glares around the table.
facing chuck, diana shimmies in place.
the babysitter with the black dyed hair and buddy holly glasses stands ready to leave in the doorway.
in the sanitarium, nick stands at the window, tapping the frosted glass.
some vietnamese rice farmers are working as the soldiers walk past.
watson looks at the package which has arrived.
he starts putting on his shirt.
moody opens the door to his cluttered room.
slowly, he hauls himself to his feet and looks desperately from side to side.
evan flashes a confident smile.
david shows the family in through a wooden front door.
the man starts to busy himself in this kitchen with his back to us, but the image is very unsatisfactory.
miranda makes her way over from the table she's been sitting at.
he takes a close look at his reflection.
he grins as she lifts the barrier.
gorbag lands in the guard room with a crash, creating sudden alarm amongst the orcs and uruk-hai stationed there.
they look round at the bodies, all suspended upside down from the ceiling.
gandalf is clutching his sword and joins in the battle!
the supervisor turns.
he reaches for his gun.
the balls at land in a bed pan positioned on a chair.
summoning up every ounce of courage, harry faces voldemort.
hers are infinitely distressed.
they slide down it and fall onto a floor covered with animal bones.
george looks curiously at gower, realizing that he is quite drunk.
lizzie and darcy maintain steady eye-contact throughout.
grandpierre nods as he turns to the unseen attendant.
gandhi restrains him and shakes his head.
carefully, and with considerable ingenuity, he works it under the cast.
she pulls the covers down.
at a church, a large framed picture of katerina stands surrounded by flowers as a coffin is carried out.
santa uses a chisel.
he sees constanze and smiles with real joy.
soldiers get off a lorry with the tracker dogs.
the messerschmidt banks to the left, but henry keeps it in his gun sight.
chili shakes his head, keeps staring at harry, but with a different expression now, more thoughtful, curious.
a window about three stories high opens on the auditorium- side of the alley.
sam wainwright showing set of blueprints to two army officers.
he stops and looks at her.
apparently satisfied, ferrari walks away.
he speaks to no one.
another attacks draco.
behind him, a man arrives with two blonde women, one of them in a conspicuous orange skirt.
maguire stubs his cigarette out on fergus's hand, then whacks him on the teeth with his closed fist.
the chamber crashes down into the river beneath it, taking the sphere and octavius with it.
she looks down at us with a smile that is all things.
harry brings his hand down.
a young witch in maid's robes pushes a cart down the hall.
the light is held aloft by a statuesque woman wearing a long, white robe with a blue sash draped around her.
he takes off his shades.
she stops at the corner of the table and faces hannah.
graham and merrill arrive.
dillinger drapes his overcoat over her shoulders.
moriarty works on holmes' injured shoulder.
callahan finds fletcher at the movies.
the president is covered by a blue blanket.
caroline walks up to meet him.
barnes spots two cars in the way and brakes.
willie answers absently, his head slightly ducked and his eyes darting side to side, checking for road signs.
whip closes a bound book and tosses his glasses on it.
sacks are used as counterweights and a door handle is disguised as a coat peg.
andrews stares at the blueprint, then turns to smith.
tony puts down the phone and pauses for a moment.
theoden as he moves forward.
kyle looks at percy, fear in his eyes, then he turns back to the darkness.and the evil that surrounds them.
as soon as his eyes meet his father's, he knows what's up.
he stops pumping.
don, held by helen, watches him tensely.
charlotte takes oliver's hand.
harry spins round.
harry reads a note scrawled in his advanced potion book
dr. briar comes to see her in an operating room.
eerie shadows flutter over the moon, greasy as smoke.
tears trickle down mj's face as she rests her head on john's shoulder.
lightning flashes outside.
he picks up the packet.
his rapture knows no bounds.
nehru lowers his head again; it is like another burden on a man who already has too many.
he leans on the rail and gazes down into the dark interior.
malfoy raises the lamp, and he and harry continue along the path, looking around them cautiously.
they burst into laughter.
he points to the man with the sensitive face, who stands against the wall.
the man in black says nothing.
several glass spheres drop from the highest shelves and shatter.
he bins it.
next, he draws a circle which contains the bottom half of the wand.
the captain pushes her down and turns her over.
he stops at the doorway, looking at the crowd.
they take snaps on their cameras.
pete is still staring at desi on the ladder.
he bangs his handcuffs against the water pipe.
a young woman comes in holding a large envelope.
the young man makes his break shot, slamming the nine into the pocket.
she takes off her coat; sits in front of the tv and eats her popcorn.
she just stands there, staring at lester.
who, like everyone else, leave the table and stand together at the rail watching.
he looks at gimli with disdain.
he switches on the light, and walking past his spiral staircase, past several framed pictures on the wall, he makes his way to his living room coffee table.
a volunteer carrying a child in each arm is cut down.
her eyes fill with hurt.
in his cabin, fabrizio jumps down from his bunk into inch- deep water and turns on the overhead light.
for a long moment he stands frozen.
macarenka watches the screen on board his ark.
craig goes.
as pettigrew emerges from the gap, he prattles desperately.
mozart bows to them, also delighted.
the goblin leaps back onto the glider.
he flips open and lights a cigarette lighter.
the torch of the balloon is suddenly fired, covering her fbc violation.
sam is seated at his desk, while a couple of his friends are nearby, with highballs in their hands.
fred weasley is injured.
she brings her lips close to his so they touch.
from the top of a spiral staircase, he sees hermione sitting on the bottom step, weeping.
an explosion lifts the car, rolling it over several times before it comes to rest against the tree.
jeff's eyes, over the coffee cup, are staring intently at the backyard.
she wears a robe over a slip and stockings; she's drinking.
lizzie averts her gaze.
his mother's necklace -- and he holds the chain, but the locket pulls toward the water tower -- wanting to go.
everyone gets a ride back to land in a small pontoon boat.
at her locker, jessica receives the text.
two years is not a long time anyway.
ruby collapses face down over rachel's lap and sobs, as we.
a lone white tree silhouetted by flames.
jane dials kevin's number.
it embeds itself in the wall next to octavius.
he zooms in as she places something in his hand and clutches his palm.
forrest hastily grabs his suitcase and letter as he stands.
charlotte lucas enters followed by jane.
a fishing boat sits on a calm sea.
so, mrs. bennet prizes herself away and runs to catch up with them.
on the riverside, michael pauses and watches them.
the snake slides past a stone statue of a skeleton with huge wings, draped in hooded cloak and holding a scythe.
he rises and grabs his coat.
she glances at him in the rear view mirror, and his smile slips.
the cannon goes off.
lila moves forward.
in one bed, a disheveled wizard grunts, turns over in his sleep.
a slice has been cut from the cake.
gandhi looks around the crowded yard at the soiled bandages, the defiant, determined faces.
they ignore salim as he takes out his gun from behind his back.
he has taken a tray of ice cubes from the refrigerator and is holding it under the hot- water faucet.
he stands facing her.
jack cups joe's face in his hands, then hugs him tight, their faces tense with a mixture of emotion and relief.
now, in the barroom, a jerky close-up follows baby face, who backs up to a side door.
dudley scowls at harry knocking into him as he passes.
sam is pacing, occasionally stopping at the window, glancing out, pacing again.
graham lies on his back.
mozart opens he workroom door.
father is asleep but mother is sitting on the bed, holding a purse, crying.
racing along the ravine floor.
he has a dozen encyclopedias around him, and another dozen on the floor.
drew is all attention.
they're bathed in a brilliant light.
as the school bus approaches, marley trots up to the bus as patrick and connor get off.
tuvia looks at him in disbelief.
the light changes to green and dillinger puts the car in gear.
his mother is reading to him while a nurse fills in a chart beside them.
frodo is feeling his way in the dark, following the sound of gollum's scampering.
and then jay fires, shattering the storefront window, and blowing up a car on the street.
the human obeys agog.
rises, pulls off the mask then flexes his wrists.
harry waves his wand.
aunt may starts to make her way up.
we are close on the dude, upside down.
the witch-king topples back dead, a black ooze leaking from his robes and armour!
grandma sits on the porch and watches walt.
the foundations explode apart.
through the glass doors come two male nurses with flashlights.
then, more chime are disturbed by the strengthening breeze.
they set off down the avenue of trees at a trot.
40 miles away, mount doom rises out of the plain.
a series of older boys walk up the aisle brandishing bo staffs, twirling them around and periodically stabbing them into the ground with a spark effect.
ryan gets in and drives away.
evan frantically flips through them, hunting for something, as the other white supremacists charge the cell.
his red ball ricochets off the shoulder and returns to kiss the third ball.
his face sad had his eyes moist.
he removes a key for cabin one.
a bartender pours him a drink.
he studies it, his face solemn, then puts it back.
down in the geological bay connecting corridor.
a search light on its route picks out asael running across the field.
his eyes scan hers, curious to see how she reacts to this.
he slips the ring on her finger and they kiss as jane stands helplessly nearby.
harry opens a door and is nearly knocked off his feet by hermione.
simon struggles with his shirt -- she helps him, inadvertently venting some anger as she does so.
as they all disappear through the front door,
the mopping con snarls as hi passes.
her shout is muffled through the glass.
he enters the living room, smiling.
his eyes move closer toward jeff's apartment.
they come through the door.
he frantically turns the key in the ignition.
they look at each other for a moment.
neff is half turned away from the porter.
featuring gandhi, sitting on a promontory watching the sunrise in solemn meditation.
he looks from the cess pit to the photo and back.
the three men slurp their stew.
they spot fantine, mistaking her for a whore.
torches flare up showing a floor of huge black and white squares.
as they leave frame we see loomis on the other side of the street.
merrill and graham stand and stare at him, stunned.
graham walks slowly past a police car and a huddle of policemen standing over ray who's sitting on the ground head bowed.
a woman in a sumptuous silk sari is trying to feed it crumbs.
they stare at each other, unmoving.
the beauty of it almost saddens gandhi.
forrest is among the players in suits.
andrea sees evan playing with lenny, harmless as a bunny, and struggles to control her concern.
juno parks the previa in the street outside the family's wooden slatted house, where the porch light illuminates a straw heart hanging on the door knocker.
he hands over a small bundle wrapped in a warm blanket.
ron and harry are thrilled to see her grinning broadly they get to their feet as she runs down the whole to join her friends.
he sits on a wicker chair, nehru and patel lean against the railing, azad and kripalani sit on the floor like gandhi.
whip looks up and rises off the bed.
gramov glances at this commanding officer and looks up at zus.
and they head towards a waiting car.
a little kid steps up but the collector lingers.
the boy continues to stare down at the comic.
frodo stands next to strider by the window, peering out nervously as furious ringwraith screeches echo across the courtyard from the hobbits room.
the bus arrives at a large dilapidated residence where numerous children of all ages run around playing in the yard.
she opens the front door to find a bunch of lilies,
a young blond girl watches the flares and smiles.
the three elven boats drift slowly through the steep rocky gorge in the pre-dawn light.
juno drops her pen.
david stands at his wife's closed door.
graham carries morgan slowly up the stairs and into the kitchen, where chairs are strewn across the floor, and the fridge door is open.
and the picture snaps into focus.
the general is in full ku klux klan garb, including his horse.
neff turns back to her.
lester's arm remains draped around his shoulder.
ryan looks out of the window of a jet as it rises into the sky.
the large, long-haired, muscle man takes the ploddeds.
he takes the battered record sleeve from her.
a decorative figure of a little girl adorns the remains of a pretty, white birthday cake.
the chauffeur and benjamin get out of the car.
his middle-aged sons, mitch and steve, turn to each other.
voldemort stares at the teenager who stands unwavering in front of him.
rowley shakes his head gravely.
mj rushes over to see him swinging back and forth and on the streets.
surprised orc reaction to the three charging towards thousands of orcs.
ginny reads the cover.
we start to follow the line up.
doyle looks suddenly interested.
jenny's waiting by the car as he leaves the sun-sentinel offices.
she carries in a tray of soup and a sandwich.
neff stands staring at the door.
they jump inside the age line, and cheer.
as melvin looks at carol's doorbell with great uncertainty.
willie is back over the safe, battering it with the sledgehammer, roaring with each swing.
nigel's excited smile fades and he looks up at miranda crestfallen.
he starts to run.
a long beat, as jeep considers her, then.
it impresses each one of them.
they stand on the dance floor.
a bed of nails is the only set dressing on the cover.
as rain lashes the house, marley jumps up at a window.
inside, their drivers seemed to be convulsing.
he snatches the phone from mary.
a nazi rally -- a book-burning is in process.
for a moment he stays like this, exhausted, then his eyes open slowly and look down at his left shoulder.
he frowns as he starts to read the messages.
he sits as clayton paces.
the baby-faced shooter raises a tommy gun.
paolo's thugs approach with silenced pistols.
he pulls a gun from his pocket and shoots them.
a cozy sitting room with a blazing fire.
malcolm rises to his feet.
but it isn't.
harry, a crumpled heap, looks up and we see his bloody pummeled face as ray bones quickly crosses the room.
he points at his map.
bilbo has aged significantly since we last saw him.
as salim drives off, jamal appears in a tuk-tuk, following closely behind.
eponine is dying.
she struggles to find the words.
the old ent nods his head wisely.
he realizes they are on a wooded road.
she swims across the water which nearly reaches the ceiling.
ferris is hauled into the chopper.
protesters grow rowdy as the motorcade passey them.
the open-topped car has white-wall tires and four chrome side pipes curling down from the engine.
he looks at flynn's harmonica which he's holding.
evan runs into the lecture hall and gets in line behind other students who are taking no.
as the gryffindors congratulate him, malfoy and his cronies sit stony-faced.
holly and hannah begin to laugh.
the two women wait outside in the rain.
rose leans back against the wall, blinks, then stares ahead.
wearing a sharp charcoal gray suit, ryan walks trough the airport, dragging the case.
the german in square shades looks at a card from universal exports.
melvin whaling away at his computer, reading to himself with great satisfaction as he goes.
westley, whirling to face her.
from jeff's viewpoint, all the windows are dark.
alison leads sidney and the pig away.
then, picks up some keys.
putting one hand on the post at the bottom of the stairs, graham pulls himself wearily up and plods into the living room, moving up to the sofa.
a moment later, she too is falling, spinning and twisting, crashing and torn, cartwheeling down toward what is left of her beloved.
he slides through to the very front rank.
the colonel chuckles at a joke and startles her.
they stop at her car.
an apple is thrown to merry, who deftly catches it.
he flops onto the bed.
nick turns to tom and frowns.
lucius is hurtles backwards.
she sneaks into the dormitory where all the children are sleeping on the floor.
sue turns back to look at walt.
he knocks the chocolate out of the calendar.
he looks around the room and crosses to lower the venetian blinds and draw the curtains.
watching from an upstairs window, gatsby lowers a telephone.
we see a few people working in the background, and a mass of people camped near the entrance, some sprawled, some sitting, some standing -- all waiting.
diana whacks it with a stick, and sandy drops to the ground.
jeep's expression hardens.
a bright white light appears in the sky.
the balls roll down the table, bank off the far shoulder, and slowly return toward the two players.
the strap falls from her mouth.
en-joo wears a khaki hat.
the music is broadcast over a speaker into the yard, where watson cowers in the darkness as moran keeps a rifle trained from a walkway high up on the tower.
elsa is revealed coming down the stairs toward donovan and vogel.
he regains consciousness.
salim steals the tourists' shoes as they pose for jamal.
she arrives back at her apartment and places her bag and keys on the hall table.
darryl picks up the phone.
through tear-filled eyes, peter gazes at the two boys standing in front of him.
a thick hedge surrounds the village.a great gate bars the western entrance.
harry applauds the tipsy duo.
he grabs harry.
keyes goes to the door and opens it.
forrest steps back and looks down at the grave.
the hands of the clock on the wall spin around toward eight in the morning.
heavy clusters of oak trees and eucalyptus are everywhere.
the kid just stares at him.
their muttering stops and they stand silent and grim.
in the boiler room, men shovel coal into the furnaces.
she looks entranced.
hearing the car jack gets up and goes to the window.
he stares down the shaft.
neff bangs the front door shut, walks quickly to his car and drives away.
he flushes with anger and embarrassment, and his mouth twists into unpleasant shapes as he slaps degrading words back at her, telling her what she is.
jackson finds a london tube map.
she's immediately sorry she said it, but it's too late.
they look up ahead.
jenny and forrest sit on a tree branch and read.
he inadvertently points it at walt.
sam falls back.
at the bottom of a leaf strewn slope tuvia stands alone by a stream grieving.
a person with elvis presley custome kisses a nun.
westley, lying there, staring at him.
mr. wickham is showing off his riding skills nearby.
he collapses on his bed then rolls off onto the floor.
rose looks away as he turns toward her.
he aims his rifle at the wounded outlaw, who lies on his back.
they arrive beneath the shelf.
graham looks in the direction of the boy's voice.
a fly moves along a small section of the floor that still contains a ribbon of the dying sunlight.
he is a tall flowing-haired young man, lithe and graceful beyond normal masculine capacity.
professor umbridge lowers her wand.
and fleetingly, just in the edge of picture, we see gandhi -- again, the only one in an indian tunic -- sitting at the end of the second row on the platform.
jeff turns and looks at her, quite unaware of her surprise at his comment.
lawrence removes his arm from round her shoulder, picks up his drink and takes a sip.
the man stirs and clears his throat with a long deep rumble.
strider slowly looks up.
the other girls squeal in agreement.
they shuffle awkwardly in their seats.
all three wear cycling helmets as they pedal a bicycle made for three.
david puts a finger to his lips, and joseph nods and wipes away a tear.
they stop a little way away from a border post.
harry lies huddled on the rocky mound clutching the prophecy sphere.
salieri offers him a glass of white dessert and a spoon.
from the side of the house we see pete storming by on his bike, wearing his street clothes and a helmet.
as if in a trance, brock is drawn to the screams of his nemesis, pushing open a door that leads to a staircase winding around the walls of the bell tower.
aragorn and arwen look on frodo, sam, merry and pippin, as they stand before them.
dumbledore raises his hand towards an ornate, jeweled cabinet.
as rose glances around herself, jack steps into the open- sided driver's seat.
emily asleep on her side, wakes, blinks drowsily and rubs her eyes as she slowly comes to.
eowyn puts a comforting hand on his shoulder.
as purvis sprints for a tree closer to the disabled car, baby face unleashes a barrage of fire from a barroom window.
hearing the call, the two death eaters race from the market.
audrey reacts, crosses to the counter, turns on the radio, trying to drown out the sound of the approaching menace.
he gets out of the lift and follows emily at a discreet distance.
they do not see a very large spider which drops from the roof behind them silhouette begins the light from the tunnel entrance.
in background, the girls run upstairs, their new dresses over their arms.
rose opens the gate.
and finally pulls away and sits up.
sandman rear up for another blow.
she grabs it, clutches it to her chest, pretends to faint.
sparking gunpowder lights up the street.
the fast-tracking group turns the corner.
inside a large room, dignitaries and their advisers sit around a long table.
from inside the room, his wife looks up at him.
bob chipeska sits opposite.
one of the car parkers passes them on his way out.
kyra climbs in bed and pretends to be sleeping when the door opens.
on his way home from washington after receiving the congressional medal of honor.
he sees a second donkey going over.
sam approaches a parked ambulance.
his eyes stop on an extension cord that runs from a wall outlet in the family room, across the front hall, and under a closet door.
mr. blonde heads for the door.
renault sits at his desk and smokes while rick nervously fingers his hat.
using max's keys, dillinger opens the next barred door then forces max to stand in front of a metal door.
indy and elsa come forward with the grail.
she shrugs and walks on towards the door of the women now center.
rambo follows sarah and the soldier.
sydney lies on his belly by the water's edge.
dee and zed are there, much younger.
it becomes apparent he is masturbating.
the kid backs away in awe, never breaking his reverent stare.
in the classroom, robbie is texting on his mobile.
dillinger nods his head at shouse.
she tightens a tourniquet around her arm and holds the end securely in her mouth.
she's playing with a dog, trying to wrestle a stick from its mouth.
his hand trails down to the chain around his neck.
he backs away as the serpent threshes his head.
all around the ground is covered in floral tributes.
walt looks thoughtful.
she gets out of bed, takes his digicam and focuses it on him.
she comes through to the auditorium and her step falters.
suddenly, with a loud whipcrack effect, the biker's head snaps to profile.
they ease past the dragon.
both are wearing sunglasses, looking at the setting sun.
he pauses and renders a salute.
a powerful chinese butler with heavy hair and a half-jacket of gold on one front tooth, answers the door.
as he walks slowly towards the mirror, he sees his own reflection getting closer.
together with tuvia, asael, peretz, and jacov, he tosses the old man's body into the burning bed of the truck.
the bells of an imposing stone church peal as people run across the street towards it.
bobbie, a buxom brunette in a zebra print dress, takes alison's seat.
smeagol's features suddenly transform into the malevolent face of gollum.
jenny laughs and kisses forrest on the cheek.
he rams a bank shot into the pack.
the group waits patiently.
graham leans back down into the car.
now, they sit at a table with a beautiful view of the gateway arch.
she's wearing a crisp black suit and her shock of grey- white hair is expertly coiffured.
an equipment unit rolls towards harry.
there is a tentative reaction from the audience, but uncertain.
diana sits down and he spins her toward the mirror.
moriarty hands the signed asteroid book back to holmes.
she nods smiling radiantly.
she reaches under white dress and pulls down her briefs.
anheuser follows wilson into the white house situation room.
he opens a cupboard and takes out a box of pop tarts.
an ancient stone bridge which spans the ruins of east and west osgiliath -- a once mighty gondorian city.
lightning flashes in a dark sky.
he gives the guard a card and looks up at a security camera before walking off.
featuring godse waving a black flag and shouting.
he starts to place the room.
emily walks over to ezra as he chats to some of the children in passing.
gwaihir the eagle soars majestically over the mountains, carrying gandalf towards the dawn.
mr. mcquire turns and walks back into the house.
valjean and cosette arrive at their new hideout - marius ties the red flag onto a flagpole - .
he approaches harry's desk and takes a drink.
ring lettered skeeter drives along with a look of determined optimism.
he pats ron's bandaged leg.
ahead of them, beyond the mouth of the canyon, is a sheer drop.
the queen sits at a desk with some corgis behind her.
half grinning, peter picks up a bunch and hands over some money.
he looks dismayed.
below, a sunken-faced man with long, matted hair glowers from a moving photograph.
they continue on, into the next room.
he saunters up to her.
the soldiers fan out to firing positions.
camera pulls back, revealing the blood-stained butcher knife in his hand, then further back.
a view through the leafy canopy shows the criminals scurrying off.
the dog yaps again.
reggie takes another cigarette from his pack, rips off the filter (he winces again) and puts it into her mouth.
she turns her head to see that he's gone.
entering the parking lot together, debbie moves in front of pete and heads to her silver suv.
groom kevin sees casey smiling at his friend.
he looks around the bird-ridden room.
the two of them turn back to the silent screen of the television.
szpilman gets hold of him, tries to help him stand.
she stands looking about.
he starts to pant, looking worriedly around the room.
he takes a bottle from the floor by his feet and swigs off it.
having wiped the top of the can, she gazes at it, then drinks.
abby comes downstairs, looking extremely sexy.
and bert takes his seat again on his throne overlooking ames, sipping his glass of milk.
rick abruptly rises.
she bounces to the driver's door and gets in.
holly picks up a napkin from the crowded table.
the woman goes back to her magazine.
wille throws a vodka bottle at the barman.
he comes at indy, attempting to swing the huge, heavy sword but finding the effort almost too much.
but eddie pats the corner pocket confidently, leans over, and raps out his shot.
still focused on his shoes.
graham leans down and picks up the full syringe of medicine on the ground.
his other hand is clasped around a piece of cloth.
the trio reach the corridor.
he takes in the usual collection of festive social drinkers out enjoying a christmas drink.
andrews gives rose his lifebelt.
suddenly, she rises resolutely from the sofa, strides out of the open-plan lounge and down the hallway, past the double doors opening onto kate's desk.
forrest sets down an empty dr. pepper bottle next to a large number of other empty bottles.
stripped down to his vest, lithe, muscular ben hammers a pin out of the machine.
moriarty picks up a second blanket and drapes it around his own shoulders.
the king of the dead moves relentlessly towards aragorn.
he is the same one from the beginning of knocked up, dr. pelligrino.
westley looks worse.
the suv accelerates ahead.
the other guests are ad-libbing their confusion.
cosette sits watching him.
she closes the door behind them.
abby steps out of her apartment.
he sits on a back of a carriage as it drives through town
a goat walks through the bar.
her swollen face is discolored and bruised.
bones pulls a 9mm from his coat pocket and aims it down at harry's face.
he then spots evelyn rounding a turn, coming down the trellised pathway.
charlie stops next to jeep.
violent fiery flashes light the cloud above mordor.
he kisses her on the cheek and goes out the door.
sees they're standing in front of a pawn shop.
the trio run up a set of narrow steps.
they enter the apartment building.
she looks out her window -- then kisses her fingers and touches them to simon's cheek.
she follows him out.
holden and parsons reach the balcony railing.
they are victor laszlo, the czech resistance leader, and a very pretty young woman wearing a simple white gown, miss ilsa lund.
four men, all in army uniform, sitting behind a table.
he glances nervously at ba, who is embarrassed for them both now.
ron enters the room.
it is marked c-4.
a truck briefly blocks peter's view.
then lisa speaks, icily.
pickers perform in the bed of the truck, along with a dancer doing a two-step as he pushes a broom.
pushcart, is serving coffee and doughnuts to men leaning from the train.
jacob pulls bernie off cal.
john's astonished eyes peer through the crack in the door; the door loosens; preacher yanks his hand loose and sucks it, groaning; the door slams to; the bolt is shot home.
the others on the roof watch as the driver gets out.
he offers up the flowers.
she goes to the taxi.
tuvia spins round and shoots him point-blank, and points his gun at arkady's cohort.
neville is determined to succeed.
rose runs to him.
it becomes a glimmering puddle and ommited.
the sheriff and fedora are in cahoots the sheriff hands the cross to fedora.
the congregation is listening to him stiffly, unsympathetically, and there is more than one murmur of assent at his words.
a police officer stands on the other side of the screen door.
two officers kneeling await their fate.
he cries out in horror as he falls back onto the stony beach beside sirius.
forrest smiles as he remembers.
abby clamps her hand over the cat's snout and ogles the guy.
she drops the jug.
adam tries to look past him, to see reggie, but gives it up and goes back toward the ticket booth, on the run.
verdell shifts his body so he is eating from the bowl with his tail to melvin.
staff and students are assembled in the hall.
the landlady climbs the stairs, followed by gavroche.
lynn gazes out the windshield at the line of red tail lights.
just as dumbledore concludes his reverie.
jordan gives nick a bemused look and goes in search of gatsby.
as celia serves up, minnie looks admiringly at the spread in front of her.
queenie comes up from the basement in her dressing gown and catches sight of him kneeling in the shadows, staring at the floor.
she walks past holly and briefly looks at a different rack of clothes beneath the table.
as evan reads, the world seems to almost imperceptibly vibrate around him like a tuning fork.
jenny drops to her knees and pulls forrest down with her.
dillinger takes off his sunglasses.
as the water ripples past, something changes.
hedwig flies towards them and attacks the chasing death eater.
the image of the mother walks to a closet.
octavius tosses the lever to spider-man.
walt pulls open the garage door.
he tries to cover up by waving his hands to the music.
the woman is singing.
gittes is hefted half off the ground and the two younger farmers spin him around, going through his clothes.
in an adjoining sunroom, a white-haired woman uses a pottery wheel.
as he draws the sword from the sorting hat, harry leaps from hagrid's arms.
he holds out his hand for latika.
jenny walks in and ruffles his blonde hair.
climbing it, the couple find themselves in manhattan's business district.
westley can't even do that, but after a bit of rocking back and forth, he manages to get enough momentum to catapult his arm over and onto his friend's.
the ringwraiths shriek with rage!!
carney steps away from his daughter to approach fletcher.
the same stretch of the river where it all began.
he goes to dry them, but there's only those hand drying machines.
enrique cocking the gun.
she hands him a folded slip of pink paper.
graham remembers using the knife outside ray's pantry.
he slashes open harry's sleeve.
elizabeth looks a little awkward as he pours her a cup.
the flame flares again.
harry climbs the stone staircase to professor lupin's room.
she realizes she has not pushed the button which takes her coin and allows the party at the other end to hear her voice.
he sees nothing.
the goblin sees a tugboat draw near.
elijah waits for a car to pass and crosses the road against the traffic lights.
rachel puts her gun beside the stove, ready to hand, and picks up a coffee-pot; john puts kindling in stove.
she is a husky, unhandsome, dark- haired woman who is dressed like a district nurse, with dark coat, dark felt hat, with a white uniform showing underneath the coat.
benjamin plays the piano.
then from a shelf above he takes a small exacta camera.
ferris, still hooded, is dragged through the entrance.
graham turns suddenly and presses his ear against the door.
jane just stares at the plate in front of her.
his jaw clenched, his teeth gritted.
draco points his wand.
he takes off his cap.
john grabs birdie by one ear, turning his face up.
buttercup, still close to the boat, switching from a crawl to a silent breast stroke.
through the studio window of the song-writer's apartment we see the man at work again on his original melody, and he is farther along the line of the melody than before.
the boys watch anxiously from a holding cell at the rear of the bus.
mccullough holds out the phone and shoots ashton a solemn look.
books distribute themselves on the student's desks.
lizzie leans forward in her seat, looking thoughtful.
sadie lies at the foot of the bed and turns around.
but it rose inexorably down the hill side towards them.
big dan bear hugs delmar and tosses him away.
the clock over the door reads six o'clock.
the kitchen is the usual apartment house kitchen, with stove, ice-box, sink, etc.
looking up, she notices his mercedes car key and thick gold ring on his pinky.
he opens it without her seeing.
letter finished, and now disheveled darcy leans wearily back in chair and closes his eyes.
as the guards shoot through the trees at the fugitives, others in the rail yard adjust the elevation on the mortars and open fire.
forrest is hit in the eye with another dirt clod.
his body is sitting on the floor of the cage, its grotesque sprawling attitude resembling a puppet's with its strings cut.
everyone aims their guns at the truck.
he picks up some large, heavy books from a shelf near his window and he walks over to mickey, who's standing near his desk, already holding several tomes.
what remains of his clothes are ragged and muddy.
tom presses ice against the back of his neck.
as kevin sits in the cab smiling to himself, he looks down and notices jane's filofax on the floor.
neff enters the shot and moves along the shelves towards her, very slowly, pretending to inspect the goods.
the kid appears, his pants around his armpits.
he tries again and again, then falls.
we see him take a drink from a bottle.
lizzie smiles and leaves them, meeting miss bingley.
mr. robinson exits.
renault lights a cigarette and puffs away.
the solider looks left, forrest and bubba ride in the helicopter.
malcolm gazes at it, then looks up at cole's pained eyes.
a cinay projector starts up.
harry and hermione help ron away.
jenny reaches into the glove box for the cigarettes.
jenny crosses a street and approaches a house.
they rise straight up, sheer from the water, impossibly high.
she lashes out her bag and feet.
george jerks him to his feet and shakes him.
bourke-white stares at him and patel for a second and then her hand goes slowly, almost reflexively, for her camera.
she hops off the hood and scurries into the previa where she finds a crumpled up jiffy lube receipt.
cross looks at the glasses.
mozart is looking very sick: sweat is pouring from his forehead.
his eyes dart around.
many voices talking at once.
pippin desperately pushes against the tide of soldiers retreating from the fighting.
he stares at hani.
watson shuts the door to the corridor and sees mary has gone.
she passes by a gap in the wall and blows a kiss at him.
he fixes his eyes on harry.
lisa just stares at jeff for a moment.
ricky enters, wet from the pouring rain, and crosses to his bureau, pulling the wad of cash out of his pocket as he goes.
nick looks weak and is attached to monitors.
the shot blasts through floyd's belly and he flops on the grass.
the other three break free and start moving.
elijah quickly turns and sees the man moving through the parked cars heading out of the parking lot.
a second turk comes to assist his comrade; indy mounts the horse, knocking both turks to the ground.
later, he eats a meal alone in his room.
the dads walk towards them and joe and alice go to meet them.
he puts his keys on a table and shuts the door.
they shake hands to seal the deal.
the film cuts to mickey, who is pacing and wringing his hands.
merrill opens it all the way.
dressed in a warm black cloak, and wearing his red and gold gryffindor scarf, harry crosses the snow covered courtyard with his pet white owl perched on his arm.
the young woman looks at anna with great intrigue.
carrying up a folded-up massage table.
she shouts at the top of her lungs.
he and harry are carrying plates and pies.
he bends down and picks up a key from under an ornament.
the family's hanging out, relaxing at dinner.
the cab misses her.
he steps back.
klaatu opens his eyes and looks at pair.
aragorn returns boromir's smile.betraying his disquiet sadness only when boromir looks away.
holmes spots a book by the blackboard.
he glares into the alien's hooded eyes as he remembers driving to the scene of the accident.
his head snaps back to jeff, who answers.
the ss captain, with much jollity and jokes, hops up on to scaffolding and stands, beaming broadly, surveying the workers.
the largest--thumb--hole rolls directly over us, engulfing us once again in black.
he hammers another finger.
rick walks out to the balcony railing.
the gate crashed down on the gatekeeper.as four ringwraiths ride into bree.
the teller opens it, starts to punch it with rubber stamps.
juno takes the slip, turns around and smiles all the way out.
he goes right past it and begins to inspect the nazi staff car parked nearby.
at the dance, one of the women is being held down and throttled by a soldier.
frodo stumbles out of shelob's lair.
leah's standing with a man holding a pastry brush.
there is a little shock of reaction around the courtroom.
theoden is dying.
rack focus to the paintbrush that comes into frame -- follow it to joe, holding the brush, at his desk, making a model.
later, he hangs up his coat.
constanze turns on leopold.
his weapon, which is the strangest looking gun you've ever seen.
he imagines a bomb with a timing device beneath the stage.
harry joins hermione and ron as they make their way to the station.
he climbs up a walk way.
she pauses, hands on hips, then walks towards him.
the intersection, with the large suit of armour, and fezzik gaping, staring at all those choices, trying to piece together the puzzle of the missing westley.
as rick comes up the croupier speaks to jan.
jenny sits on a large branch and calls down to forrest.
elrond's long white fingers draw the hilt of a sword from the scabbard to reveal.
ryan drives along slush-covered roads, glancing at a piece of paper in his hand and scanning the streets.
mike looks away.
a guard lets forrest out a side entrance door.
valjean picks fantine up in his arms.
morgan pokes the barbecue fork into two meat patties on the grill.
she bumps into a waiter.
mary has a swig.
king george watches patiently.
there are cobwebs, which he brushes aside.
then, he turns to those who are left.
graham and merrill move slowly in different directions, working their way around the rough stone walls.
he puts an arm around her and looks at the congregation.
emily smiles bitterly and shakes her head.
walking along a modern bridge over the sand, she calls miranda's suite.
and closes his eyes.
as the car goes right across the street to a shopping mall.
as they get out of the car, carolyn scopes out the movers next door.
freezing cold.
she just sits there in the corner of the closet.
the hammering continues as szpilman stumbles into the room, looks around, confused, not knowing what to do.
bond ignores the stairs and takes a flying leap after him.
howard spins back to the now open window, then to the podium as enrique leaps onto it.
his contorted anguished face sees the turnstiles of the subway upside down.
lisa, standing in the open doorway.
there's a body floating in the water under the quay.
indy looks around and then he notices that inscribed into the rock above his head is the head of a lion.
abby looks away haughtily.
winstead shoves between another pair, then brushes a man aside.
peter and rooney are sitting beside the bed.
father janovich finds walt sitting on his porch, smoking his cigarette
one hand in his pocket, jack strolls toward the dining room where two stewards stand outside its doors.
he glances to his right, where he registers the figure of latika through the gaps in the trains.
ryan leaves the building.
joe finds charles, preston, martin, and carrie.
bourke-white watches him as much as the wheel.
when she hears nothing, she gingerly looks into the room.
brock watches bitterly as they cross the street towards the jazz club.
david turns and looks at the striking and beautiful african american woman in her sixties who stands next to him.
the others follow him down a staircase.
now, on foot, peter runs into an alley, ripping off his crash helmet as he does so.
louise is completely stunned.
following behind is the station wagon.
and javed shoos her out of the way back to the kitchen.
harry budges his way through students.
outside, in a ruined part of the castle, crows alight on the fallen masonry.
his face sobers at what he sees.
the three men in the barber shop look up in disbelief.
at the other end, father sits counting a small stack of notes and coins.
she kisses him back, wrapping her arm around his neck.
dumbledore is hurled backwards.
the receptionist's gaze remains down, her hand holding a phone to her ear.
prince humperdinck, a man of incredible power and bearing, standing in his royal robes on a castle balcony.
he slowly turns his body to face the crop.
chili steps inside, checks some of them out: most of the photographs are of martin.
dumbledore gets up.
she hurries off.
the handlers look at each other.
inserts: sam sits up with a start!.
the soldier watson hit realizes he's inadvertently pulled the pin out of the grenade which then dropped back into a bag full of grenades.
now, back inside the restaurant, zoe stands up at the window and turns the triangle so that zoe's name runs across the top.
gittes starts to get out of the car.
inside at the benefit, emily and andy follow miranda around as she greets guests, prompting her as to who they are.
dil comes in in the darkness.
slashing through the trees.
she lies down on the bed beside him, takes off a black leather glove, and puts her hand on his crotch.
he stares hard at harry.
they run down to a truck on the road.
nick grabbed him.
they peer towards the cottage.
again szpilman tries, but janina, her profile to him, doesn't see.
the buick speeds past.
he rolls his eyes, why not.
harry turns to ron's brother.
debbie leans over and kisses charlotte's lips.
he pats arnie on the shoulder and the older man leans forward and gives him a half hug.
jane hurries to meet george on the terrace of the boat house.
the children scatter.
behind him, michael picks up an assault rifle and stands beside jeep, who glances nervously at him.
figures can be glimpsed on the green hills nearby.
juno presses bleeker's hand against her belly.
joe moves away from cary to get a better view of the other side of the machinery -- and there he sees, in an inset section of the rock-wall, three human bodies, hanging.
then, eyes blazing, he strides on.
debbie's legs are up in stirrups.
in the chaos of the third class we see maulana azad coming out of a section of the coach.
their screams die down.
when he slams the back door, he sees joe.
angle on kid's face, unfazed, still smiling.
ezra disconnects the call.
the house is in a mess.
he drops the paper in his lap.
joe rises to meet parrish as he approaches.
the film moves from the two elegant facade to show an ugly, ultra-modern structure covered with tiny, diamond-shaped motifs.
several tables, dressed to the floor with cloths are loaded with many plates of confectionery.
david opens the closet door and ports them onto yankee stadium's grassy outfield.
his hand shakes as he pours it out.
they walk out onto a rocky promontory together and look down on a small town in the valley far below.
he checks behind the shower curtain, before he turns his back and pees into the toilet.
the boy looks up at sarah.
her manner is a little uncertain, a little tentative, but with a quiet determination beneath it.
david gives him a sidelong look.
he takes a few steps down the walk, then suddenly hears somebody approaching.
he drinks from a take-away coffee cup.
to cover his embarrassment, he looks toward the kitchen door and calls annie listening through glass in door.
he spots simpering blonde gwen waving at him.
she grabs kevin's arm.
the corridor door opens letting light in.
she stares at ben and blinks.
it seems to have a momentary calming effect on both of them.
she pauses to watch him through the doorway and slowly goes inside.
ferris watches him go, then picks up a file and a case.
spider-man dodges a couple of punches then puts his fist through flint's stomach.
it is unmistakable: sirius black.
they head toward the skee-ball runs.
they both nod awkwardly.
alice hands joe the white cube he took from the crash site.
the bearded man binds arvind's eyes with the bandage and pats his head.
she moves away with a significant look to him.
two troopers approach ben from behind.
he reaches out and closes the shutters.
the sun has just set.
even as gittes watches mulwray watching, the volume and velocity seem to increase until it gushes in spurts, cascading into the sea, whipping it into a foam.
ripping the back of his collar, dillinger parades the bank president around the counter and across the floor.
another officer leads smokie to a cruiser.
the soldiers move slowly through the flaming, smoking ruins of darwin.
he goes limp and falls towards the ground.
a tiny carousel, kissed gently by the wind, turning slowly.
frodo pulls the envelope out of an old chest.
the thenardiers are carried to the front door.
jack reaches out and grasps rose's hands and leans his face close to hers.
she holds a stack of cds.
some men are backing away losing their nerve.
nine black riders burst out of minas morgul and charge toward camera.
the three friends trudge towards the decrepit hogshead inn.
the sit facing each other in the sunshine in front of ms. bleeker's gable fronted house.
alyssa shakes her head no.
out of nowhere the figure of smeagol crashes into them sending sam and frodo sprawling.
the line between him and holmes is pulled tight, dragging holmes towards the window.
soldiers are plucked into the air by shrieking nazgul and dropped to their deaths hundreds of feet below.
he sees ron.
ronnie opens his jacket so that ray bones can see the .357 ronnie's got tucked into his belt.
professor lupin throws off his cloak and points his wand at the threatening figure.
in the ladies room, thompson notes the plan room lying open on the sink counter.
another day - forrest and other soldiers walk chest-deep through a river.
dashes up the stone steps to the house.
lt. dan sits in his wheelchair on the deck.
szpilman stands quickly and hurries away.
he pulls out handcuffs.
the man is an incredibly thick fifty-five-year-old.
gazing upward, debbie rubs her brow and throat.
juno stands there, looking radiantly knocked-up.
she moves to the side of the display, and he stands in front of a tv monitor.
the web is struggling to hold mj, spider-man and the car.
ben lies asleep on his side.
he sprints upstairs and takes out a waiting soldier with an elbow to the face.
the outlaw races downhill into an apple orchard.
grimsrud smokes, gazing out the window.
faramir yelling defiantly.
he holds out a letter for her.
the suspect reaches a break in the metal barriers, steps out of the queue, hand covering his mouth, walks away against the flow of fans.
they struggle through the sumac and pokeberry weeds at edge of river, towards skiff, whose prow, tethered to willow, we see throughout this un-moving shot, at our extreme right.
she glares at pete as he sits.
just as the attendant straightens up, don puts both hands into the water.
now, in an apartment, a hand drops a rabbit's foot key chain by a tabletop sculpture of two racing greyhounds.
a ghastly cracking noise, like stone being sundered, cuts through the silence.
holden stands there, at a loss.
sure enough, there's the watch just like he said it was: on the bedside table, hanging on his little kangaroo statue.
they grab, one hand each.
her face is wreathed in a smile.
he puts them on, then quickly takes them off.
they sit on a roadside park bench.
while the other boys are rapt with attention, will looks bored.
cal steps up behind rose and grabs her arm.
the queen walks to a nearby table and puts the sheet down.
the sun rises, as they look down on a gigantic campsite.
as they both start to drink, vizzini hesitates a moment.
both watch as trevor goes off to find his dad.
he moves to a servant who stands, holding a large tray with a silver service of tea.
the judge folds his hands thoughtfully.
annie and laurie start down the street.
aragorn raises his hand.
sam, merry, and pippin have been sleeping on strider's bed.
bren looks understandably alarmed.
he looks upward.
the driver switches on the inside lights and faces the passengers.
he flies off.
david turns off the water.
immediately, its head transforms into viktor krum.
the other gryffindors welcome harry as he joins ron and hermione.
a bench faces some wharf pilings; the water gently laps against them as lee walks into view, the wind blowing her hair.
tizzy and queenie put an arm around each other and their eyes meet.
willie gets a chance to regain composure.
his features are distorted by the emotional chaos within him.
girl lab partner stalks off dramatically.
as a wall of flame appears in front of the herd, flynn's horse trips and he's thrown off.
the queen looks out of the window and clinches her jaw.
he straightens on his knees and turns to the children in close background.
bellatrix lestrange waits eagerly behind the iron gate.
he is writing.
as harry points at black, black laughs mirthlessly.
her hair and eyebrows caked with ice, rose turns her head as a distant light illuminates the side of her face.
children throw snowballs outside the london house.
he bends down in front of the woman who has sunk to the floor.
pink is standing motionless.
there is a thick atmosphere of smoke, tension and weariness in the small, otherwise cozy room.
ron's hair is turning red.
his movements are slow and tense.
crash--scattered by a strike, in slow motion.
emily hangs up, looking genuinely touched.
the movie cuts back and forth between mickey in his phone booth asking questions and dr. wilkes in his office answering them.
we see the olivewood cross.
rose gazes down the empty corridor.
sandy glares as she mimes playing instruments.
gabriel slams the mace against the wall.
he wakes her.
we see a montage of images from jamal's past.
thrashing in the water.
salim smiles and removes his glasses.
a pursuer goes gun battle ensues in the restaurant.
there are animal tracks in the snow ahead of her, and through the mist she sees an alsatian staring back at her.
teasing shots: sauron forging the one ring in the chambers of.
walt walks away.
he passes some late shoppers on the street.
the car slides backwards down a grassy slope, just missing a tree.
harry raises his chin.
we do look at them.
jenny puts a bottle of chanel on her teachers desk.
view shifts again to include gittes in bed, watching evelyn next to him as she's talking on the phone.
she pulls the record out of its jacket and puts it on the turntable.
he reaches with the butcher knife underneath the slanted kitchen table.
a delicatessen run by an oriental couple is being held up.
the corgis look up at her.
the wall hides her from our view.
dante and randal silently clean up, backs to each other.
julia gives smiley blonde stacy a hug.
she throws back a sheet, revealing (to them only, not us) the fully dissected arquillian.
we get to the deep end of the pool.
we see the man as he passes under a streetlight on his way.
but as they get to the living room a huge explosion blows out a wall!
first comes dyle, passing a sidewalk cafe on the corner, then the sandwich-man and reggie.
ilsa comes over to meet him.
merrill looks at the tv screen.
looking uneasy, walt drives across the junction.
the two bang away at hi's retreating figure - the policeman's revolver popping, the cashier's magnum booming.
he prints out her details.
she starts making up ruby's hair like that of a young woman.
guard stops, bart starts up his front steps.
the balding officer stays behind.
he remains stock still and regards the house intently.
an image of camilla on horseback appears on tv.
harry nudges ron.
the castle is destroyed.
al-saleem's lieutenant pours a drink.
both wearing long overcoats, they walk across the street toward the prison.
the short, heavy-set figure of a man is outlined against the bright outdoor light.
the clerk puts down his quill.
peter turns and looks around the street, eyes wide, mouth half open.
a nurse dresses ken's wounds.
the water tower collapses and crashes down into the street, scattering soldiers standing there, and crushing their vehicles.
he slowly raises the hem of her dress.
at the end of a rocky outcrop, the footprints end and sobs are heard.
now, they cruise down a construction-filled street with opposite lanes divided by orange traffic cones.
a man takes it as she turns to lock her door.
the waves running against the shore.
theoden striding purposefully outside, flanked by eomer and his soldiers.
the implication is it was a long time ago.
a huge, towering jib crane swings around as its driver struggles with the controls.
kyle fires his gun in the air.
thick smoke fills the sky.
he is looking down directly at lisa's hands.
planes peel off from the formation to start their attack.
merry cuts pippin off before he can respond in kind.
she leans back seductively and flicks the fan.
the apprehensive expression on joe's face fades away.
various police vehicles have pulled up facing the barn, and armed men, their backs to us, train guns on it, some taking cover on the near side of their parked cars.
at the door, he stops and looks back at lizzie for a moment before finally walking out.
a policeman races up.
a young villager called nima.
letters form around the moon.
debbie hands pete a banana and two oranges, which he holds to his crotch in front of the waiter.
we tilt down to her ankle, hmmm, is that a bulge?.
the cobwebs begin to move.
her strawberry blonde hair frames her face in a curly bob.
heavy beats thunder from within.
behind them is the large black hearse for general lamarque.
only mrs. bennet seems to be really enjoying it.
jack holds out his bent right arm for rose who takes it.
barnes enters the gnn ob truck and flashes his id.
fergus walks toward maguire and the other man walks forward, takes his seat.
she notices how blue his eyes are.
andy is at work early.
nigel has a long black gown.
she stares at him out of the corner of her eyes.
he pulls her close to him and they settle down to sleep.
harry smiles and gives david his fedora.
parrish looks up, sees joe up on the terrace, waiting.
marcus returns to the velvet rope to find gin slagel waiting stone-faced.
now he sits by his aunt's beside.
the triwizard competitors and their partners process into the great hall.
fats withdraws a cigarette from his gold case, then casually strolls toward eddie's table standing apart and quietly observing the sharp, precise movements of his prospective opponent.
on her way to her gentleman friend at the table, she runs her finger through the neckline of don's hair.
further back on the train, hermione, harry and ron have a compartment to themselves.
evan spins to face her.
preacher dandles pearl's doll on his knee as he talks.
she finishes it off and raises her arms.
looks back.
a beat, then he remembers the can of ensure.
then, suddenly, in rapid succession, he sneezes six times.
charles had been watching them.
outside in her garden, celia has dug a hole in the lawn.
we're flying above robin hood trail.
the other, dolek, is sorting the sheets as they come off the roller.
harken grabs the phone and brings up a profile of its owner, complete with name, photograph and details.
then he turns to mirabehn, made more aware of her by azad's reference.
molly takes jack's other arm.
daisy is about to get in with the boy, but has to duck down and stay on the ladder to avoid being seen as the truck comes to a halt.
jack heads off.
charlie, swallowing hard; eddie, looking on, waiting to play;
holden answers it, while still drawing.
she takes her feet off the chair.
joe holds up a 20-year-old photo of men in a lab.
melvin walks to the doorway and stops suddenly.
mary jane, still sitting on the floor, looks around helplessly.
the townsfolk continue to congratulate edward.
indy can't save her unless she gives him her free hand.
a plainclothes agent distributes leaflets bearing henry's picture to nazi soldiers inside the terminal.
the camera moves in as she helps him into the wheelchair, listening to him with exaggerated attention.
the queen remains seated, her back turned away.
another door opens.
overmyer watches this passionately as woodward dies.
grimsrud walks up to the wreck and peers in its half-open door.
zachetti turns and approaches him slowly.
he gives a coy, half smile.
the man in black, as his grip loosens a moment, trying to cling to the side of the cliff.
all she can finally think of to say is.
he carries a small bundle.
as he looks through the cracked windscreen, hundreds of huge spiders appear from amongst the shadowy trees and move towards the car, ready to attack again.
buckbeak ducks his beak.
juno buckles over the steering wheel, crying, unwinding for the first time since she became pregnant.
the restaurant patrons gawk from their tables.
marcus gives bob a reproachful look and takes a candy from a jar on his desk as he goes.
the green goblin shoots a missile and blows up the cable-car station.
louise is still sitting on the sidewalk.
it is the blonde woman, performing her follow-through.
they look comical on him.
as mary comes through the door, breathless and excited.
the dude's face is washed with a brilliant light as the corridor opens onto a gleaming bowling alley.
as he gets up, cellar door in background.
a soldier arms his .50 caliber heavy machine gun and points it at the sphere.
spider-man launches himself through the air, the night lights twinkling all around and lands on the bonnet of the yellow cab.
marwan slides the glass door shut.
the dude glares at walter.
uri looks up blankly
glancing through the window he catches sight of mary jane, mj in her room in the house next door.
now, debbie opens the door for her father.
he lifts it up.
potter opens the door just a little, and peers through into the bank.
their bodies are skin and bone.
michael shots and is blown back against the wall.
the doctor sets forrest down on its feet.
evan eats in the same diner where kayleigh used to work.
they fall to the floor.
she turns her back.
it is pulling up in front of a town hall from which party sounds filter out.
sidney stands in the doorway of clayton's office.
he pulls up his pant legs to reveal three shiny leeches clinging to his skin.
people queue for water and argue amongst themselves.
she holds them, with theatrical feeling.
fire and smoke billow from the left engine.
tommy pulls out a stack of comic books from underneath the couch.
alice holds it out: the cube.
he somersaults onto the ground.
before she can step toward it, don is back with the scarf.
appalled, he realizes he's made a terrible mistake.
with a puzzled frown, david watches the adjustment officer stop in the studio's doorway.
the headlights become a family minivan careening wildly off the highway to stop at the pumps.
it's of emily with her arms wrapped around cal's shoulders.
her dark hair cut short and wearing a grey wool coat, she sits down on the log.
on his flight, ryan sits staring into space.
lying on a stretcher trolley, rosie's dead body is covered and wheeled over to an ambulance.
salim gets up.
kazim's men, brethren of the cruciform sword, continue to fire.
george and uncle billy exit from george's office.
she has opened the door.
frodo turns slowly.he stares at boromir, tense, cautious.
fergus goes back into the room, past jude's body.
the wall implodes.
he turns to her and cocks an eyebrow.
turning a corner, david sees the man in front of him.
louise and thelma both get quiet for a second.
the doors swing open to reveal a pathetic eight-year-old kid, overweight, snot-nosed, badly dressed and probably smelling of pee.
a figure moves in the white blaze of light.
ashton strikes the back of veronica's head.
watching the performance - which is conducted by mozart from the clavier in the midst of the orchestra - we note von strack, orsini-rosenberg, bonno and von swieten, all grouped around the emperor, in a box.
louise looks as if she is looking for a way to flee.
they look o.s.
ed is running over to gale and evelle's car, throwing open the back door to look for the baby but coming out only with dr. spock's baby and child care.
ben tries a mouthful.
they attempt to suck the souls out of the four in the lift.
orsini-rosenberg and bonno are sitting with salieri.
ricky, having emptied the drawer, now removes a false bottom, revealing rows of marijuana, tightly packed in zip-loc bags.
they crack smiles at each other as cole bangs on the door.
he grabs her, and they tumble out into space.
max inserts the bellows in westley's mouth and starts to pump.
harry comes out of the tent, which is pitched behind her.
as she floats past, harry notices a book with a limp, black leather cover lying on the stone floor.
in a brightly lit shopping mall, a mother and her young children ride up an escalator.
the camera follows the cigarette up to his face.
he rubs his eyes.
smiling, daisy turns to look at him and stares gravely at his reflection.
an arc of white-hot energy blasts out of the sphere and cuts into the ceiling.
forrest washes his hands, then notices an autographed photo from marilyn monroe and a photo of john with his brother bobby.
umbridge sees it.
the bullet hits the tree, then the guard tries to bayonet holmes.
whip is startled awake.
the title logo is a suggestively upright bowling pin flanked by a pair of bowling balls.
aragorn, gandalf, legolas, gimli, eomer, merry and pippin gallop back towards their small army as the orc masses slowly march toward them.
the body is dressed in a high-neck, clean, well-pressed dress, obviously recently laundered and hand-ironed.
eddie, hand to his mouth, realizes that the big moment has arrived and beckons to charlie for his leather cue case.
as they make their way across the crowded room, a girl with red hair eyes them curiously.
cole still holds the sword from the play.
above the surface, harry sees flames, balls of fire streak through the water.
harry puts down his quill and closes his book.
debbie looks down at her untouched plate.
and watches aunt marge float away.
parrish is beginning to reach joe.
emily's face falls.
she pulls her uniform open and a profusion of red rose petals spill forth.
he is uncomfortable, and she tries desperately to keep the conversation alive.
nick starts for the door.
they walk in the middle of a dark street.
we see plenty of blue sky and white clouds.
szpilman follows.
they have reached the dude's car.
rachel lifts him in her arms; she turns towards house.
mrs. robinson moves into the room and sits on the edge of the bed.
harry adds some rocket.
a doctor sits near the foot of the cot, abdul ghaffar khan beyond him.
tight on edward, enjoying that detail.
he approaches the closed gate with great apprehension.
david bolts and frees his wrists.
her back is bare, and all she wears is a pair of brief dark blue shorts.
lydia grabs a young boy and girl by the hand and leads them on to the floor.
troubled, he stares hard at the floor.
she slowly starts to peel the mask, revealing first his neck, and his chin, and finally, his lips.
he then looks to the ground in front of him.
looking confused, harry takes the piece of chocolate from professor lupin.
one woman crouches by the gates, holding a hand to her face.
he takes off his coat and tie.
dillinger's car parks on a street.
david follows her.
a warning shot and the boat bears down on them.
buckbeak carries hermione, sirius and harry away from the dark tower.
as the children go upstairs, hermione turns to ron and harry.
he rams the boat.
he sees his cousin dudley with his gang.
shoulders and arms bump into him and brush by him as they move.
aragorn turns to see huge troll feet moving closer.
strom fastens the manacles over norman's chest, legs, and upper arms.
a viola player glances back, then returns and joins him.
cal looks over at a balding guy opposite him and of a similar age.
frederick enters the loft first, followed by a confused dusty.
suddenly he sits up.
later, she sits reading by a smoking campfire with her back leaning against a tree.
bond joins the theatergoers wearing a tuxedo.
the light briefly illuminates rose's face.
smiling, rose rubs jack's arm and sits up.
the torch flows brightly.
they jump from the train and run off.
he rests his head on her shoulder.
gandalf watches, amused as bilbo tries to hide.
he pockets something from the dresser.
she joyfully enters the apartment, greeting each child with an enthusiastic kiss.
bond also grabs a rope.
he throws here a parachute.
the spell disarms yaxley.
nullah watches her as he walks away.
they eat sit astride the leathery back of a thestral.
he picks up the radio.
barnes looks back up.
after a moment, robin appears and stands before her.
the furniture is consumed by the raging inferno.
he looks around the homestead and scratches his head.
the goat is reaching for his bowl of potatoes.
they follow him.
he wears a velvet-corduroy suit, string tie and a bright yellow flower in his lapel.
they make their way into the village, carriages rolling past and people talking on corners.
nick turns to jordan, who takes off her hat.
at last he makes the second pawn shop.
then he steps closer to the object.
the four men and little boy sit around the kitchen table eating stew.
frodo looking at smeagol, in shock, he gets to his.
draped around one arm is a large christmas wreath.
they look through jackets.
bert and fats exchange uneasy looks.
the terrible cry ends, falling back through a long sickening wail, to silence.
as the black mouth of the big gun moves near, tuvia leaps out of the way and dives behind a tree.
ronnie follows.
rose closes the sketchbook as another passenger walks past.
ron thwacks gwarp and is knocked over.
willie polishes off a pint of smirnoff's and flips it towards a nearby trash can.
professor mcgonagall walks towards them, purposefully.
diana snatches his keys and runs.
he rubs the finger of his clenched fists together.
father janovich knocks at walt's door.
a soldier lies dead on top of it.
they stand by a window at the foot of the bed.
ben's face is bloody in the flashback.
he pushes gently on his ear piece.
in the background, a waiter crosses over to the bar, then walks away.
escobar is getting out of his car, moving towards the duplex.
he turns to go.
now, the bennets are eating breakfast.
the others ride behind and alongside, keeping them together.
simon's face is something of a horror.
she sits alone in the kitchen with her feet up.
debbie follows him out the door and onto the front porch.
he hands her the glasses and she looks through them.
a small television is to his left.
smiling, she turns her head to look at sydney, who lies on his side, gazing at her.
she opens the car door and starts to run over toward him.
the farmhouse covered in mist.
she turns with a start.
she stands looking into the crib.
george joins her in the singing as they proceed down the street.
later, he stands beside elise's bed in the emergency room.
he starts away toward the door.
for no good reason, she looks back at edward.
rachel mercilessly scrubs john; john doesn't like it; ruby washes pearl with a cloth.
for a moment the two women hold each other's gaze, then ba smiles weakly, and leans her head into the taller mirabehn's shoulder.
video footage shows diana getting onto a small jet plane.
hi emerges from the nursery and, stepping around the background baby, trots toward the baby in the foreground.
he looks up and hurriedly stands as a doctor approaches.
as zoe flicks through the album, she finds a peacock feather like the one she was playing with shortly before the car crash.
she's got the remnants of a black eye.
it keeps going, turning all the way over and driving upside down, wheels clinging to the roof of the tunnel.
emily opens her eyes.
pruitt walks off.
sensing something, octavius grins.
eddie walks casually by the pool table and over to the bar.
later that night, aunt may is asleep at the table, letters and papers by her.
the pimp pushes her down.
he has a huge black beard.
the sergeant turns from the commotion to see that gandhi, his head oozing blood, has crawled to his knees again and is picking up another card.
the crowd, suddenly going to its knees, wave after wave of silent kneeling people.
it once had class but has not been lived in for years.
big john looks around -- the shot seems impossible.
the younger potter has a ferret in the cage.
mary jane's blue eyes well up and she turns and walks away.
the next step will put him at the chair.
he indicates a dish piled high with glazed chestnuts.
ben smiles and gives the stout nurse a brief wave as he heads away.
and passes the bottle to panchenko,
a bloodhound on a leash circles into frame, its tail fiercely wagging.
close on stuart, wearing a grave expression.
the older member looks briefly at his mustached peer.
he grabs the cable.
ben tries to smile then looks out the window, then down at the center of the table.
bourke-white watches as he moves into the garden toward the crowd in the distance.
she hits pete with a pillow.
sandy steps out and approaches the steaming hood as diana duct tapes the unconscious skiptracer.
an angry woman opens the door
celia bites into a chicken leg and smiles contentedly.
dumbledore faces him, standing in front of harry to protect him.
he lifts his head.
harry spins around.
they look at each other for a beat, then look away.
his hands grip the edge of the chest on either side of the picture, which we now see.
cole turns and runs down the hall.
and the russians let go.
javier uses a mirror to spot two agents outside the president's room, then opens fire.
eddie unscrews his cue, thinking it over.
she lifts the baby out of her cot.
he flashes the torch around and spots marley lying by a tree.
they laugh, staring into each other's eyes.
snape strides in and brushes past harry.
a stunned intake of breath from the whole courtroom, then in absolute silence the clerk scribbles the sentence in his notebook.
vanessa shakes her head in awe.
ferris shoots at the other vehicles as they approach.
a partially decayed boot lies on the sediment beside a pair of eyeglasses missing one lens.
as she picks up the phone.
he calls after him, trying one more time to stop the young man.
to shaking hands.
gittes goes through the door to the secretary.
he glances up to an office and sees javert gazing down at the factory floor.
a tiny speck appears in the distance.
the porter, wanting to avoid trouble, reaches for gandhi's suitcases.
ryan looks at the photo of the smiling couple.
lynda and bob both stop.
evan sees no one is watching him in the institution corridor as he throws his weight into the door of the doctor's office, breaking it open.
neville appears from behind a bookcase.
an uppercut from his heels sends hi sprawling back.
lester gets up, crosses to the other side of the table to get a plate of asparagus, then sits again as he serves himself.
the other three limbs sense danger and move towards him, viewing him with inbuilt cameras.
she thinks and then nods.
norman leans over the balcony and looks down and up.
jane and lizzie stand with a happy group, including bingley.
he conducts.
thurman looks down sadly.
harry, wearing just a pair of shorts, steps out of the chamber.
bo comes back in.
the mustached adjustment officer sits at one table with his hands folded.
aragorn hesitates.gandalf looks at him.
they circle each other holding hands.
the szpilman family in panic: coming and going out of rooms, packing clothes and belongings into open suitcases and a trunk in a comfortable, tastefully furnished bourgeois apartment, the living room lined with books, paintings and boasting a boudoir grand, silver platters and candlesticks.
preacher enters, between ruby and loafer, and turns to ruby into close two-shot.
his patience exhausted, don stops again, takes the umbrella and tosses it in helen's direction.
he turns from the hole, faces us for a moment, continues turning until he can look out the small parlor window.
she goes to the corner and looks around it.
the weasleys and the potters stand together, watching.
gandalf slowly turns to saruman.a look of dawning horror.
harry blinks as his glasses repair themselves.
aragorn wearing a breast plate emblazoned with the.
we enters the room carrying verdell who strains to be allowed closer to melvin.
she pulls out the sample of his fatty birth skin.
mary walks into a study and finds him completely naked.
she puts her cheek against his.
near the row of coin lockers in the waiting room is a small lunch counter and several tables.
those at the door also raise their wands.
debbie follows.
sarah sits apart, watching them both.
he then glances at laszlo, as does ilsa.
graham unlocks the front door.
shrieking with fear, tommy and lindsey run up the sidewalk.
inside we see one gold snuff box: it is the one we saw mozart being presented with as a child in the vatican.
troopships crowd darwin harbor.
george falters off, cupping his aching ear with a hand.
wearing a chic black dress, diana rounds the corner in slow motion, she steps forwad with her auburn hair straightened and makeup beautifully applied.
the shotgun falls to the floor in front of jeep, who picks it up as gladys approaches.
who licks her lips salaciously.
a young woman with long hair and a dark dress runs in carrying a note.
homer grabs his take.
approaching from the distance.
the next day, a very large queue of excited children and their mothers has formed at the western-themed christmas corral grotto.
he flexes his muscles.
he ushers her out of the bar, looking back cautiously as he goes.
exhausted, the pair collapse onto the hall floor.
an aerial view looks directly down onto a quiet freeway, which runs through a suburban part of town.
a sears roebuck catalogue on the boy's chair brings him to table height.
barty is dragged to the bench.
doyle quickly collects his thoughts, and gets back to the case at hand.
beside the tub, the wheelchair has been tipped over.
the camera follows lee as she walks quickly to the stereo unit, pulling a record off the shelf.
susan is left alone now with parrish who is fixing a drink at a sidebar.
pumping pistons move faster and faster, slices through the ocean.
arms folded, she regards him haughtily.
from the sink he takes out a large butcher's knife, and a long, narrow saw.
david gets behind the wheel.
he blows the candles.
then another as he zig-zags his way along far above the trolling streets.
she tries to copy from a book.
grabs his tommy gun and goes to a window.
the boys breathe some fire.
he steps off and heads for the door.
harry puts his hand in the bag and pulls out the dragon.
ron stays seated behind them.
now brody tugs his ears, flaps his arms and touches his head.
walt and thao get out.
watch him from a safe distance.
as reggie's head appears, peeking cautiously over the bottom of the window.
the ship keels over to the starboard side then completes a hundred and eight degree turn.
there are now three kids jerking sodas.
he looks up and sees two of his hmong neighbors bringing flowers to his house.
the wind ruffles his hair.
eddie is asleep on a stool against a wall.
one of hani's agents, holding a gun, stands beside a figure who kneels with his head covered in a black hood and his wrists bound behind his back.
moody kicks a stool towards him.
they follow his gaze, up, over the computer terminals.
even the font is similar.
saruman screams, eyes blazing!
fish goes flying.
she continues after dyle.
two rooms on the third floor: a living room and a kitchen.
inside, ashton, lying under the blanket, opens his eyes.
having flung the bottle to the floor, norman lifts opens the metal with strengths on the sliding trolley and lies down on it.
and the scene freezes, humperdinck caught in mid-sentence.
a fat woman approaches with joseph.
harry places his finger tips on her chin and leans in close to try and kiss her.
the huge foot of the cave troll lands on aragorn's chest.
they walked to the night club.
in rambo's fort, sparks fly as he grinds round blades on a spinning wheel.
he sprints away and the trainer reaches for a whistle.
butch is finished dressing.
bo catlett smiles at him, doesn't give up the script.
sarah looks disappointed.
he sips his drink.
outside, sam spots veronica leaving the elevator with the covered gurney and rushes to help.
latika starts the car.
they move off and almost run headlong into hitler and his entire entourage coming down from the podium.
he lights a cigarette, looks off screen and freezes.
the girls and mrs. bennett are all sitting in the parlor, engaged in reading and embroidery.
he squirms, tries to move the leg a little.
peter's in a crowd outside an electrical store watching the tv coverage in wide-eyed shock.
the skirt of his coat flapping open to reveal a purple lining.
they rise.
they are all blank.
the vault is filed with treasure.
slowly, faint lines appear like slender veins of luminous silver running through the stone.
he makes a pillar of the el, leans against it, shaking.
angle on graham and a journalist wearing a yarmulke.
molly glares at the crewman then sits.
exiting, he locks the door behind him from the outside, gives it a tug to ensure its security, and storms off in the opposite direction from the woman.
fats slams the cue ball into the pack.
fergus takes out a picture.
emily is hit by a taxi and rolls onto its bonnet.
graham shines his torch along the path.
a clock on the mantelpiece reads a few minutes to four.
carl pulls a silly face.
louise quietly starts to fall apart.
as he makes a retort, he starts to walk back to the den and his piano.
desperately, she grabs hold of his t-shirt.
the sturdy khan is studying him with a look of wry interest.
allison walks onstage.
george has stopped by the railing at the center of the bridge.
banky leans back into the couch, wearing a thoughtful face.
the bear nods, closing and opening his eyes.
camera begins to move.
leaving a few men and women standing behind the mossy roots of their bunkers with weapons poised, keeping their sights fixed on the woodland ahead of them.
one sits by a video camera, which is focused on ferris.
he pulls out his machinegun.
he leaps down from the machine-gun platform and gives chase.
ron's deluminator absorbs the light as wormtail returns.
harry puts his hand into the bag.
they break off and stand with their foreheads together.
now, in the adjustment bureau reading room, richardson finds harry studying at one of the large tables.
he stares down at the carpet in the sliver-gey room.
a golden, dream like image of emily and tim sitting in the shade of the tree and entwining their fingers.
she has a tube connected to her nose.
hannah, eating a carrot stick, enters the bedroom.
chili looks out the window as we see a long black stretch limo pull up to the curb down on the street.
he peels around a corner -- through a window, the tarmac: guards, vehicles.
jody pulled through and tied to a chair.
he sprays the boys with a hose.
standing in the corner of the wasteland where the bastille stood is a giant elephant, a model napoleon had constructed in preparation for a monument.
from our perspective, it looks very much like ricky is giving lester a blow job.
zus' next blow sends tuvia reeling to the ground.
but already the soldiers have cleared out.
it takes her a beat before she feels the stare.
she turns around again to wave.
the statue sinks into the ground.
dante holds a ball in the center of the court.
taken aback, emily blinks as the decision sinks in.
szpilman fights to get to the main door, when another bomb explodes, filling the air with dust and debris, obscuring him and everyone else.
louis stares off, head bandaged, eyes open, muttering to himself, like a man as tired, hung over, injured and in shock as he is.
the television cuts to a shot of president nixon standing outside air force one with his hands in the peace sign.
his lips move as if grasping for words.
mothers, children, old people, begging, most of them holding papers.
harry kicks him across the table.
he takes hold of the snitch.
the booth is in the entrance area of the hotel between the lobby and the driveway.
laurie shakes her head and walks back into the kitchen.
sam pushes smeagol away with his feet, rolls to his knees, as smeagol charges at him.
they run through a closed-end walkway.
she moves steadily across the board, heading straight towards ron's black horse.
cal turns back to robbie.
michael grabs the boy and hurls him away.
boromir catches sight of something; he turns to aragorn with shock in his eyes.
dan paces the motel room tearfully.
paulie breaks the tape, winning the race.
a triangle containing a circle, with a vertical line through it.
obeying ron's instructions, a black pawn moves forward.
whip exits the bar.
nick suddenly springs to his feet.
the camera creeps along a wall, coming to a corner.
still no reply, no sign of giving in.
cole takes a slow step back.
they kiss again, but jane opens her eyes, frowns, and breaks away.
as he stretches out his hand to grasp it, a rogue bludger smashes into his arm.
fighters take off at dawn from an aircraft carrier.
jack opens a different door.
the man, tizzy, strikes a pose in his fine suit and bowler hat.
jenny turns and looks over the bridge.
as she comes through to her, a woman is glugging back champagne.
he goes back into the parlor with a mystified expression.
he kisses her cheek softly, then exits out the back door, leaving her standing alone, still clutching her dish.
in a corridor in balmoral, the queen paces up and down outside a door.
she has opened a small brown bottle, and taken out four red capsules which she places on the white table cloth of her little table.
again, a murmur from the crowd turns him.
he puts his left arm protectively around harry's shoulder, and steers him through the crowd.
and leans towards her.
winstead spots them.
the doctor leaves and the pretty young nurse, aisha, walks in.
as the blue paint is smeared away we see hi and ed's car parked broadside in the middle of the road.
a cloaked figure swoops in and grabs harry.
eddie, in a clean shirt and pants, watches her.
merrill keeps going.
david grabs the edge of the door again and heaves.
amidst their laughter, he takes her hand and kisses it.
behind them, having walked up the angled sides of overturned train cars, cary calls out.
voldemort looks angry.
they cover jamal's head in a blanket.
finally, when she is close to exhaustion, he lets go of her.
she draws a strand of hair back behind her ear.
she pulls the patient's trousers down.
butch holds it for sometime
don sits about five seats from the aisle.
headlights appear on the highway.
john turns his back and looks out the window beside bureau.
the perp kicks him in the nuts, then scrambles to his feet and takes off again.
the man striding down into the subway.
harry looks down, follows the paw prints on the floor to a pair of filthy human feet.
peter spears the two pipes into the floor, grabs two more, and does the same, building a circular fence around venom.
they enter in costume.
george wends his way through the dancing couples toward a supper table.
ben and elaine are standing at the entrance.
luna produces a hare, which leaps joyfully over their heads.
sarah hesitates by the truck, listening.
joe is motionless.
he turns to harry.
a man is chloroformed.
carl punches a random guy in the face.
frustrated beyond belief, charles goes inside.
three shrunken heads swing into view.
he bends down and speaks quietly next preacher's ear.
the redcap exits, carrying the luggage.
she takes his arm and walks off with him.
he scuttles out of the way, as the troll reels dizzily around then crashes heavily to the ground.
there is an air of festivity and friendliness, and more like a party than a public drinking place.
nick tries the sauce and looks pleased.
stella pauses on the landing to watch jeff.
that night, the taxi pulls up outside the posh restaurant.
she nods encouragingly.
she puts the joint to his lips.
she comes to the bed, and points the gun at fergus's head.
the trucker reaches over and opens a glove compartment crammed full of condoms.
the colonel closes his eyes.
the locals start to enjoy their goofy performance.
the collapsing road rushes out to them.
in one of them sits salieri.
he follows after her.
mike leans over and sees how high they are.
a candle flame flickers in a struggle to stay alight.
she is stoic, fighting tears.
the commander takes a few short breaths and leaves again.
frodo baggins is unconscious on the floor.
forrest looks down at the grave marker.
he grabs her, turns her roughly.
a moment of eye contact between frodo and sam as they acknowledge what lies ahead.
they both check their watches.
a spider, bigger than a man's hand, jumps out of the box and scuttles past harry and off down the corridor.
the crowds grow more restless as they hear the distant explosion.
duke keeps pulling ben.
it is young forrest as he sits in a doctor's office.
inside, he crosses a huge marble lobby striped with shadows, then plods up a dark staircase.
harry sits down suddenly.
harry and hermione look out over the balustrade and watch as the bird flies away from hogwarts.
connie lets ben in.
when his time comes, edward leaps.
she gives him a paper tie.
she crashes down onto the snow and lies on her back, her head shaking.
outside, there's a red curtain set out in the middle of a yard.
he straightens his jacket and glances around the board members.
they turn towards rick, bewildered.
people run helplessly over jacked sections of broken roads and pavements.
her luggage is being packed.
graham's eyes gently move back to ray and drift down to the two blood stained area on his shirt.
this display of nerve leaves rick at a loss.
he presses her tight to him.
the boys run past the girl, latika, hiding in an alley.
sometime later he's sitting alone having a good leech at some more bikini clad lovelies playing volleyball.
at night in the deserted town of stakiewicze, zus and tuvia are sitting in a parked vehicle.
he comes up behind mary jane with a hostile scowl.
flames soar up from the podium.
alison lowers her eyes as a golden haired woman in her mid- 40s wearing expensive sunglasses steps into the lift and turns her back on them.
outside they join others standing guard at regular intervals along the walls of the corridor.
that night, grandma has collapsed in front of the tv in the lounge when willie and sue come in, they see her.
fletcher's sitting with a boot up on the dining table.
the crack opens approaching another car.
charlie hangs up his phone.
helena transforms into a ball of light and speeds away.
he is heading for the door.
ray throws the book at chili and walks out, his man right behind him.
we approach a riverside village.
she leans in and their foreheads touch.
he steps into the room and knocks upon the bathroom door.
sadie storms through the front door after debbie.
he sees himself staring from the other side of the lake, then falling unconscious beside sirius.
another shredded pillowis revealed!
the tethered dragon flies to the end of its long chain.
jeep's side of the car is crushed.
he drops the mirror onto the ground.
he stares at her for a moment then lets go of the screen door and purposefully walks across the porch to embrace her.
willie turns back to marcus who, for an elf, is staring at him in a very deadpan way.
helen, klaatu, and jacob leave the house and run for the car through the rain.
as she goes, he cups his hand over his mouth.
fallen masonry and broken glass.
she takes a sheet from underneath, and covers the divan with it.
butch climbs into bed, spooning fabienne from behind.
it extends with a chain which winds itself around ron's legs, tripping him up and binding his ankles together.
standing in the middle of the graveyard with tears in her windblown face, mj pulls his head towards her and their lips meet in a long and passionate embrace.
tim kneels astride emily, who helps him off with his polo shirt.
lizzie smiles back at him,
one of the men, nodding, taps more information into the computer.
the plane turns upside down.
neville can't believe it.
in the photo, harry's parents stand beside sirius.
david stares at a woman carrying a newborn infant in her arms.
david watches them expressionlessly.
the grim driver gets out and finishes him.
on top of a chest of drawers he finds a dusty old book.
cammie falls and hits her head.
he sinks down on his knees toward her.
we see that it has legs and it's viktor.
michael drives the last nail into place, securing the window.
looking around nervously, harry and ron sit opposite him.
and she devours it.
as spider-man swings and leaps towards the skyscraper, the crane's give rips out through the building, sending huge chunks of metal towards him.
as the goblin escaped, mj falls from the balcony.
dozens of civilians line the street, cheering.
it breathes fire, then cowers as griphook shakes a bell.
later rose and jack descend another wide, curving staircase.
muffled screams from the girls outside.
he furrows his brow as she tweaks his nipples.
this is our two heroes meeting.
nick sits, dwarfed by extravagant flower arrangements.
he runs.
fedora steps toward a lantern resting on a rock.
as they part, they gaze at each other.
chili sets the duffle bag down in front of him.
as gatsby watches, he remembers some time before, in uniform, dancing with daisy and kissing her.
the pine forest stretches away into the distance.
sandy tosses his jeans into the woods.
it has an awning spread before it.
aibileen witnesses white mothers and their children turned away with studded indifference.
cole pushes it across the table.
the slab cracks into pieces.
grantaire drunkenly starts singing a drinking song and it is taken up more seriously by feuilly.
he walks closer to them.
as she approaches, lost in her newspaper, he smiles.
walt walks out of his house with daisy on a lead.
winstead removes his hat, crouches and leans his ear close to dillinger.
joe goes to the window.
three men, standing close together in the path.
grimsrud's head bobs with bumps on the road; otherwise he is motionless, reaction less, scowling and gazing out.
marcus takes a red camisole off a shop dummy and then kisses its left breast.
they sit outside a cafe.
his eyes bore into her, trying to make her understand.
he raises his fedora and teeters towards the front door.
at first, it just seems to be the wind blowing the branches, but as we hear the wood cracking and groaning, there's no mistaking it: they're trying to block him.
david looks unsteady all of the sudden.
fergus gently takes the cigarette from his mouth.
sirius looks back at the family tree and his own obliterated face.
it re-hangs itself from the ceiling.
the troops enjoy the exotic dance show.
jenny tries to help wesley as he moans on the floor.
in an instant, he calculates his approach -- times the distance -- and leaps for the tank's water spout.
chili stands looking over some of the old photographs as harry goes through the mess on the desk.
a simple table on which is laid out bread and wine, with silver cutlery.
elijah has tears in his eyes as he gazes down at the newspaper.
kate eyes nick coolly.
bullets rip through thao's house.
connie is cleaning a window of the house.
as he laughs, he flips a tape in the cassette player.
another pebble hits harry.
wrinkling her nose, she smiles.
andi makes her way down a busy city street, as smartly dressed businesspeople dash this way and that.
inside, the attendant stands behind a clear protective glass, talking on an earpiece.
she tries, unsuccessfully, to get through the window which opens into the kitchen from the fire escape.
rick tears them away, evan coming up with only a few torn pages.
then as mj comes closer to him, he moves off down an alleyway.
he opens the bathroom door.
as he trudges out of the emergency room, a discouraged expression crosses her face.
he drops a curtain down between himself and fletcher, who turns angrily away.
the entire stage gets lifted up.
an elderly russian runs out to his blazing truck.
henry opens his diary and begins to thumb through it.
really looks at him.
gatsby takes her arm and leads her down to the dance floor.
a woman delivers a basket of flowers to lawrence.
he skims another pebble.
cosette is pacing in her bedroom.
he looks at gandhi nervously for a moment, then puts the food to his mouth like a man who is starving, and trying desperately not to show it.
he looks of the window and spots jackson knocking about with lily and noah.
another medic is rammed into a wall.
elizabeth, jolene, and mary beth stand in a hostile line in front of the mantle piece.
in a quaint eclectic apartment, elise puts on a hoodie and picks up her cell.
the guy does seem really nice and thelma is really frustrated that louise wouldn't give him a ride, but decides not to confront her.
the doorknob is ancient brass, two projections that look like horns.
ben nods and cocks his head to one side as he continues staring at goodman.
the car dealer calls out from his office.
the nurse ends her call.
she sticks her head out of the car door to see.
people look bewildered.
at the far end, upon a dais of many steps, sits a large, empty throne.
jimmy's mother looks at willie expectantly as she holds the hand of the sulky boy by her side.
kay reaches into his pocket, puts on his own black sunglasses -- -- and pushes a button on the side of the neuralyzer.
her legs and arms are almost parallel.
fedora enters the house, followed by roscoe, rough rider and halfbreed.
merrill launches himself at the creature, striking it in the back.
he is a slender man in his sixties, who wears glasses and moves with surprising fluidity.
the senior civil servant, kinnoch, is the first to recover.
meanwhile, rose descends the e deck stairs and stops above the water, which has risen above several steps.
she unlocks the padlock on them.
a bat stretches its wings above harry's head.
the blond woman comes in with a plate and some food on it.
he stops opposite her.
the screen shows one hour 18 minutes 43 seconds.
she makes a minor adjust to its position and heads off.
at a dining table, benjamin uses an ear trumpet.
sam pov: through the thick, fume-laden air a set of stairs can be made out.
next to it, hermione spots a mirror and sees harry's face reflected back at her.
cars speed along a duel carriageway beside a field, where the grass is scorched and dry.
holmes thwarts the knife thrust and spins the thug, forcing the blade into another.
the front door opens and phyllis steps out.
shukla shares the howdah with him, but does not dare break gandhi's black mood.
the germans stop conferring.
gandhi watches him, grinning.
four horsemen approach, riding line abreast.
he then tries to snatch at it.
the other one leaps on top.
as he sees the familiar faces, he gives them sick grins.
as mickey talks, the film cuts back to the antics of the marx brothers on the black-and-white theater screen.
indy shows the cross, more or less handing it to the sheriff to make his point.
riding shotgun, sadie sings along with uninhibited enthusiasm.
as she tears recklessly down the street on her bikes, she passes the dancing elk track team, still running in outrageously skimpy shorts and bandanas.
they open the back of the van, and marcus irritably hands willie an empty santa sack.
mr. bingley leans in and whispers something to jane, then takes his leave.
glen is sopping wet, wearing only swimming suit and wing- tipped shoes.
but she has already turned away and exits the restaurant.
jackson sets off on high speed as the street falls to pieces.
with a roar, motorcycle wheels enter frame.
in the songwriter's apartment we see the songwriter with a guest -- miss lonely hearts.
he hands it to watson, who uses it to shoot moran as he appears over a rise.
the dog reaches the fire escape, and the husband tenderly takes it out of the basket.
barb looks down.
in his hand, he holds a small metal object which he flicks open.
he plummets onto the roof of a parked car.
the party is tense.
he backs toward the camera and stops, standing astride the bike.
he knows gandalf speaks the truth.
jane and lizzie are waiting for him.
neff controls his expression and goes on to open the door to keyes' office.
when she opens the door he holds them up boyishly before her face.
hi looks around the parking lot, bewildered.
hands the gun over to kyle.
as the flames near crockett, evan, seething with rage, stands up with clenched fists and charges tommy at full speed.
reggie can't believe her eyes.
lisa has climbed over the wall and is helping stella down into thorwald's yard.
he stands watching a row of lockers.
lindsey gets up from the couch to search for tommy.
juno looks up startled.
emily falls flat on her face on the path.
walking back into the kitchen, kate picks up her apron and ties it around her waist.
as the serpent prepares to strike.
suddenly it is snatched out of his hands as frodo thrusts him into the middle of a passing throng of dancers as he is swept away.
jenny walks off as forrest holds the guitar.
she gets up, annoyed, and goes into yelburton's inner office.
inside people cling to columns at the top of the grand staircase.
finally, irwin turns to the senior police officer, who fidgets, but answers the implied questions.
holden looks up.
edwards is about to slap the cuffs on him, when the perp blinks.
then gets up and moves away.
annie crosses the room, holding her broom.
harry's joy is set.
at the campsite in yellowstone, jackson watches the chopper fly overhead.
the queen hangs up the phone.
the image fades to black.
suddenly, as if the ground has given way beneath him, sam is slipping and sliding dangerously out of control.
jan looks at rick, then at the chips in his hand.
his eyes widening and becoming fixed in a fearful stare, he backs towards the bedroom door.
dale screeches up in kurt's volkswagen.
hagrid comes out of his cottage.
kallenbach stands by a new (early 1920s) ford touring car, watching as a train pulls into the station.
they all are laying in bed watching spongebob squarepants.
he leaves the table as green and his men grin smugly.
when he turns back to look towards the t-junction, he sees a panzerfaust anti-tank rocket firer poking out from a window in the next-door building but on the floor below.
she bends down to pick it up, then starts to fidget in her chair.
at the dance club, desi and the hockey players surround debbie as she pumps her fists.
she runs, yelling, towards the field kitchen.
down the road, lawmen aim rifles over the car's hood.
he lays the open knife on the table.
the guy, who is dark-haired and a bit gawky looking, kisses hannah on the lips.
he points to the train -.
seated beside her, a man in a suit nod solemnly.
after a moment, jane takes his hand.
suddenly, fred and george hurtle over her head on broomsticks.
lizzie gives her father a look.
alien shapes are visible within.
cal nods and looks down.
gloria is back from the powder room.
the creature releases harry and he surfaces inside a circle of fire.
she slams the door on ben and locks it.
the crafty slytherin barges harry, trying to knock him out of the way.
inigo, struggling feebly, pulling the dagger from his stomach.
merrill and graham both hold the receiver across the car roof.
inside baby face flees past homer and leaps through a bay window!
sandy retrieves the keys from the middle of the highway and hurries back to the car.
the co-worker takes audrey's position by the elderly man.
as the hedges close in behind them, they both sprint towards the shining trophy.
she pulls the shirt off his muscled torso and, in just her petticoat, pulls him down onto the bed.
she pouts at the crowd, then furrows her brow.
holden pulls an envelope out of his jacket and tosses it to jay.
craig curls a piece of paper and holds up a finger.
with swaying body, she puts down the chicken leg, and gracefully and rhythmically butters a slice of bread.
fans continue to brush against him as they pass.
as a few of them reach down and poke her, she springs up.
as the soldiers prepare to fire, helen keeps moving slowly forwards.
rambo lingers at the truck, watching her.
the four assailants have dragged away from mj.
he slowly moves the rolling chair closer to cole's bed.
harry looks cautiously at the merpeople hiding in the weeds.
he holds it to his ear.
the driver's side exterior has been scraped raw.
gatsby has a sip of whiskey and goes and stands at a window.
merrill reaches out his hand.
jamal wakes and is also given a coke.
cal plays catch with robbie.
he slowly reaches for the toilet handle and flushes.
minnie raises her eyes from the chocolate-colored pie and fixes them on hilly.
their faces are muddy.
he changes direction.
one of the armed officers opens the back door and enters.
mozart is conducting the adagio from his serenade (k. 361), guiding the thirteen wind instrumentalists.
she grabs the axe and runs toward the e deck stairs.
shacklebolt deflects the attackers.
he quickly raises his long-focus camera to his eye.
hagrid sees him.
jamal looks into the night in the direction from where the music is coming.
she gazes out off the window, wide-eyed with excitement as they pass the city's grand buildings, shops, and hotels and the imposing arc de triomphe.
jane closes her eyes, looking faint.
the others give him cover.
inside, the performance is underway.
dante waits on a customer (activist) buying coffee.
all around ash and molten rocks fall.
a man lies on his back among the fallen leaves heaped-in and lifeless.
they emerge through a arch way of the crowded plaza.
rambo lies in a hammock.
he twists and turns to avoid them.
now, sandy and diana cruise down the highway toward a bridge.
carolyn's smile is frozen on her face.
don removes his hat in a courtly bow, very much at ease with the apples.
juno cycles up to dancing elk school.
he bows his head.
the casts are off.
edward carries a dog out of a burning house.
inside the compound, his car is immediately surrounded by heavily armed soldiers.
for a moment we watch mary as she washes and soaps herself.
hoover shifts his resentful gaze and works his jaw.
the figure who is the voice takes a step forward now, no longer obscured by the glass he comes into the light, revealing himself to be the young man seen previously in the coffee shop, but there is a change; he seems odd, offcenter, not handsome but terrifyingly beautiful.
escobar has the sheet drawn back.
he unlocks it.
she takes a sharp intake of breath.
brackett gets a disgusted expression and steps away.
john notices her and sees it.
she takes off her hat coat, and hangs them on a chair.
again, jamal shakes his head.
jeff swings half-way around in his chair just as stella reaches the top of the steps.
his shirt is stained with sweat underneath.
angry izzy, 65, opens a new car hood: pieces of the engine ripped away, messy -- dolly with him, jack follows.
abby does a little victory dance, punching the air.
chaya in a chair is lifted up to shoulder height and twirled around.
at the trunk, jay and kay flip open the trunk and scarf up whatever weapons look most dangerous.
then he looks around at the crowd, suspiciously, a touch of inner fear, then back to gandhi.
draco stands still and closes his eyes.
father pauses for a moment to take stock.
seated at a long table, the four friends raise their glasses.
enjolras turns to valjean.
a calm connie drives along the coast road with the children still asleep in the back of the car.
he selects one.
the commander addresses the village.
we follow behind him up to mr. white, who's standing over mr. orange.
she briefly looks around, lost in thought.
bond pulls the unconscious man out.
his weary eyes look at her; he looks up slowly to azad.
but he has eyes for only one man - he looks about him, searching for him and then finds him.
the exotic beauty drops her gaze and dillinger throws the coat at its owner.
holding elise tight, david nearly lifts her off her feet.
he moves his hips to a song as jude leads him over the beach, under a train trestle.
merrill and graham undo their seat belts, then, turn round to the buzzing noise coming from the back.
fletcher winces and drops the rifle.
holmes looks down thoughtfully.
edward is screwing a hat rack into the wall in the foyer.
they fly in formation.
forrest tries to help lt. dan.
joe pivots, and he follows parrish out the proper door.
natalie wanders about on her own, moving to the music.
the peasants are pushed at gunpoint to the edge of the field.
they watch him walk away.
fireballs slam down on the park.
the general has taken the salute and moves to inspect the troops to the accompaniment of the military band.
occasional traffic goes by.
there are massive structures to the left with work going on the various arks.
banky offers holden a puzzled glance.
the atmosphere at arthur's is stifling, oppressive.
his entire body turns to sand and is eaten away by the wind until he completely disintegrates.
they soar through clouds towards it.
frodo grabs sam's arm.
outside it is snowing.
abdul opens the door and carl goes into the gambling room.
he catches a bag in a web, hitting octavius who spins around and tosses some more.
there is something in susan's tone that lets him know not a word has sunk in.
jenny's face falls.
she takes a deep breath.
he spits blood in to the sink,
the crewman grabs rose and guides her toward the lifeboat.
sandy rolls up his window in a gold sedan.
he turns to camera and raises his.
in the hotel, holmes finds meinhard's body and looks at a ring on the little finger of the dead man's left hand.
black arrows already strung on their bows!
dave, at the bar, slams his drink down.
at the lake, fred and george take bets.
marley tries to run off again.
jonah's eyes grow weary.
through the windshield we see loomis rush over to the patient, stand and talk for a moment, then hurry back.
gabriel raises a massive, ferocious, strangely mechanical looking mace in his powerful hands.
through the front room windows we can see annie talking to the wallaces as they put on their coats.
arwen grits her teeth.urges the white horse to greater speed.
he recoils in horror, watching as his hand disintegrates.
terrance lowers the mic and edges closer to carl, who inches backwards.
one punch sends spider-man sprawling.
harry lowers his gaze and takes a deep breath.
his face glows as he watches the flow of men moving in and out of the crowded room, and hears the sound of clicking pool balls.
he glances to his right as emily approaches from the other direction.
onlookers crowd the rails.
they apparate on a stony clifftop.
david takes a sudden breath like someone punched him in the solar plexus.
meanwhile, a doctor checks x-rays.
eyes full of concern, he turns around from filling the kettle at the sink.
darcy stands, watching proceedings with his customary aloof air.
sam drives the ambulance through the streets at breakneck speed.
inside, lizzie begins to pace around the drawing room.
harry takes a firm grip on ron's arm.
off-screen we hear the front door open.
suddenly we move down to the discarded halloween mask on the floor.
another lights it for him.
and there marching among them we see ghosts from the past - enjolras and the students who died - and fantine - and eponine - and out of the crumbling elephant peers another ghost: the grinning face of gavroche.
graham reaches back.
a verdant valley edged with ferns.
she suddenly drops into a split with her face by his crotch.
gin munches on his orange and regards bespectacled bob, who looks away thoughtfully.
the tutor drives a small silver hatchback.
jenny comes forward, holding colleen and kisses him and brings in a huge square cake covered in candles.
as her hand blocks out the sunlight, a tunnel looms ahead of the mercedes.
glancing to his right he sees the locket.
they walk into the room.
the cabby looks in his mirror.
meeting winstead's gaze, she gives a small, grateful nod.
he pushes it towards michael's face.
tommy looks at the sack and begins to untie it.
middle-aged man in a shirt and tank top comes in.
he's almost suffocated by their tentacles.
he opens the door of the cupboard under the stairs and peers inside.
edward turns the knob.
he is dressed in a lounge suit with no jacket and he is smiling towards a cheering crowd.
he looks at her, puzzled and surprised.
he reaches up for a railing but slips.
the propellers spin in the opposite direction.
he drags his case into a lounge and sits in a leather armchair.
the barmaid serves them.
she yawns sleepily.
nick sees bobby's bedroom lights go out.
he's balanced a glass of wine on the corner.
they all hold hands as they walk.
alice watches the last bit of footage which is of joe's mother pushing him on a swing.
tall buildings tower above them.lights glow dimly from behind thick curtains.
a gun falls from her hand.
she says it derisively and it stings, but gandhi is aware of walker and he fights to hold his temper.
a heavy fleck stone slowly rises.
he tosses the phone to the surly agent who studies the picture.
it is also empty -- stripped bare.
they settle on a tall dark- haired man in a dark jacket.
valjean rests his hand on marius's head and gazes fondly at him.
szpilman playing the piano.
now pete does a magic trick.
evelyn looks up.
her eyes fill with tears.
instinctively he rolls forward on the ground out of harm's way and looks up.
the animals face each other growling, then both leap to the attack.
he stares at al-saleem, who returns his gaze benignly.
she is propelled directly into his arms.
glen looks around.
the morning light casts an orange glow over the desert.
the next morning, willie is back in his santa gear and rooting around in the fridge in the kitchen when the kid runs in.
in the courthouse ladies room david braces a mop handle behind a radiator barring the door.
the string is given a tug and the little girl waddles out of frame.
bleeker is startled to discover that juno is outside waiting for him.
he raises the wand tip to his left ear.
enrique steps out from behind a pillar and looks along the road.
he waves her down.
harry dangles from the parapet, his gloved hands clutching a spiked pinnacle.
the speedometer ticks up to 50.
as stella goes out the door, she calls back.
the suv heads down a dark street, turns a corner and stops near the burning safe house.
voldemort flexes his neck and looks back over his shoulder.
it's dark, and the temperature drops several degrees.
he crosses the street, tugs at the door of his old car, finally steps over the door, and drives off.
sam lays his face on frodo's chest.
he extinguishes a candle.
the receiver hangs by its cord, swinging back and forth.
a strange, grotesque knitted mask that completely covers the face except for eyes, nose and mouth.
holly looks at her sister for a beat.
the rain is pouring down.
jamal enters an expensively furnished marble living room.
she smiles, and they share a passionate kiss.
madame maxime smiles graciously, her face framed by a huge fur collar.
they gaze at each other, then share a lingering kiss.
brackett just looks at him a moment.
viktor leaves her.
but parrish only pours coffee.
bond cradles him in his arms.
he sits alone at the counter, drinking a vodka cranberry through a straw.
fergus reaches the car just before he does, and passes between him and the open door.
he is staring directly at szpilman with glassy eyes.
camera remains at foot of stair, tilting up as lila climbs.
they run at each other and crash through into the secret goblin lair.
when the music starts, he sings along with it.
a detached house on a snowy street.
in the parking lot of food city, addressing the camera.
his body contorts spastically like a fish on land, since he is now lying face down on the ground.
resting on a small rock.rising out of the long, overgrown.
jen looks right as us, vulnerable, but seductive.
the boys run headlong into a mercedes.
she nodds.
tim leaves the house by the french windows.
rick sits down with them.
jack leans against a column, then glances at a bearded man standing erect with his left arm behind his back.
josephine motions, is it okay for her to sit on the bed?
aragorn grabs the shocked ghost by the neck.
neff makes a motion indicating the used cylinders standing on the desk.
he ponders over her last remark, then changes his look to another direction.
for a second he stands there motionless, then crosses to the door and opens it.
his brow is furrowed.
hi and the window bouncing up and down.
flint comes up with a gun and taps on the window.
jane looks exasperated.
he finishes hammering, rises and grabs a straightbacked chair that stands nearby.
as magarri reloads, he looks across at drover and the boys climbing onto the boat.
police car makes its way down a crowded.
on deck, jack and fabrizio, growling against the railing.
whip smiles as he walks towards will seated at a desk.
the soldiers come in.
the knob on the banister comes off in his hand, and for a moment he has an impulse to hurl it into the living room.
he looks in disbelief at the set of dead bolt locks on the door.
skeeter rolls her eyes.
cross dips into his coat pocket and pulls out a pair of rimless glasses.
the man stands staring at him, terrified.
peering at it from behind, still on her hands and knees, is marge.
an agent leads enrique away.
lying on her stomach, she reaches out for the pager, then raises herself a little to look at it.
alone, brian turns slowly and makes his way up towards the pitch, gazing at the empty stands.
she walks past the window of yves st. laurent.
harry opens a book.
the detective touches his phone.
images and voices emerge from the hovering light.
later, the party is making its way up a wide path leading to a majestic mansion with elegantly manicured gardens.
the items stick to the side of the structure.
preacher collects himself into a squat, nursing his face.
mr. weasley falls.
she leads him by the hand into an alley.
graham shakes his head.
looks about.
peter hands grip the sheet convulsively as the alien growth spreads down his torso.
charlotte grabs her own head and makes it look like she's being dragged away.
the right sleeve of his coat is empty.
back at home, they enter sadie's room.
inside, the mourners help themselves to food.
fergus, standing across the road from the pub.
suddenly, he grasps his chest and collapses face-first on the tile.
he pulls her to him and lifts her gently off the ground, still locked in a passionate embrace.
the queen walks back to balmoral with the corgis running after her.
dumbledore's wand falls.
she streaks across the traffic, causing coffins.
he is chairing the congress.
from a high gantry bond looks out at the vast packed amphitheater.
he dives into his mercedes and peels out.
mr. robinson starts down the stairs.
still seated but wearing a suit, klaatu looks up as the lights flicker and the power fluctuates all over the building.
bullets riddle walt's body.
abby tries to kick mike.
he knows this persona well, only it's never pissed him off as much as it does right now.
she still strokes his hand.
it is empty except for a station wagon parked several blocks away.
he has dynamite strapped around his waist.
he wears an angry expression.
hilary rushes over toward the audio board, pushes the policeman away and grabs his night stick.
we see his right hand being efficiently manipulated by ed's two hands: she is rolling each of his inked fingers into the appropriate space on an exemplar sheet.
she hangs her head and then takes in david's earnest expression.
elijah hobbles around the arched colonnade that encircles the stadium.
servants come out.
he gives a staggering bloke a drink.
it is dark and the rain has settled to a drizzle.
disturbed by the bell, crows rise into the darkness.
it is the bathroom where we earlier saw gale and evelle combing their hair, now empty.
walt puts his jump leads on a garden table,
emily gapes in surprise, then composes herself.
graham narrows his eyes slightly as he remembers crouching by the front of ray's pickup.
charles settles into the passenger seat.
ben and elaine stop a few feet into the center of the lobby.
cal leans against his car outside the school and lets the rain soak him.
cal approaches robbie, who leans against the wall of the house.
in a voice desperate and heartsick, he says.
they scurry away together.
norther grabs his notebook back.
they close the trunk.
as the carriage leaves, darcy watches its progress from a window.
he sniffs his armpit.
he leaves the hall.
she goes slowly, because the buckets are heavy.
the bird becomes a pile of ash below its perch.
he has been leaning against the wall on it, tipped back on two legs.
ron, harry and hermione run down the steep steps cut into the grassy slope towards hagrid's cottage.
she lowers her eyes coyly.
he takes cedric aside.
loomis walks over to the spot where the sister was sitting.
it is probably a school portrait, unmistakably bunny, but fresh-faced, much younger looking, with a corn-fed smile and straight partridge family hair and bangs.
he hangs up the receiver and, grabbing for his cap, hurriedly exits.
he looks around the dark room, then, clicks on the light.
the bullet lands in an explosion of sand.
she is handed a bouquet and hurries after the other maids of honor.
on a used car lot, the engines have been stolen from all the cars.
he whispers to neville.
the older newcomer takes a seat.
jason wrestles the baton from under his chin, hits an orderly in the kneecap and comes for evan with the baton!
both taylor and barnes brake on the turn.
as they fire, reverses the energy flow.
uncle vernon gives harry a warning look.
she hugs a hippie guy, then jumps into the back of a volkswagen bus with another guy.
smiling, rose and jack run onto the forward well deck.
they travel on an under ground railway
he freezes.
we see a teacup poodle tethered in the yard a few feet away from the abandoned living room set.
a nude print hangs at the end of one of the library shelf- like bookcases, which are packed, row after row, with books.
gandalf looks at aragorn, turns to the others gesturing towards a high mountain pass.
they punch their arms in the air and point.
a kick to the head and a drop kick to the chest sends spider-man reeling.
from the kitchen, they're framed in the window of the fridge door.
on the desk next to him stands a used record.
carolyn walks slowly toward the red door, drenched to the bone, clutching her purse tightly.
sallah pats his clothing, searching for his papers.
a nearby member of the audience swills beer from a bottle.
an establishing shot featuring verdell tied up in front.
he writes it down and hands the skiptracer a slip of paper.
gandhi, taking his seat at the conference table among the formally -- in some maharajahs' cases, elaborately -- dressed delegates.
camera whirls for a tight close shot of a maid, her eyes widening as the realization that the man is dead strikes her.
they twist back and forse and she half-smiles.
kitty, young and fierce, stands on the stairs, blocking his way.
her father's car -- she makes a turn.
don goes to the door and opens it.
he strides up to the desk and lays the pizzas on it.
merrill finds another flashlight and directs its beam around the walls of the basement, illuminating old wooden shelves, supporting neatly-arranged pickling jars, bowls, ski boots, roller skates, and disordered clatter.
another player steps up to the president and shakes the president's hand.
he lies helpless on the ground, as the hooded figure advances.
finally she gets up and walks to the phone, her eyes pivoted on the tv.
enrique runs onto a balcony and leaps from it into a courtyard.
harry's wand flies out of his hand.
cut wide to reveal that we are in a modest ohio house in the year 1979.
a sharp spike slides out of the bottom of the wrist.
lenny moves toward the gunny sack, lifts it and tugs desperately on the rope that traps crockett inside.
a flood of images move backwards in time.
richardson watches as the men lift david off his feet and toss him through, head first.
as he comes up close to the door, he stops with a startled expression on his face.
she looks awestruck as women try on clothes.
and comes straight back in.
gandhi turns and starts out of the courtroom.
he runs his hand across his sweaty face.
a young woman lies in the burning car, unconscious.
freezing weather.
the idea has caught hold.
hilly parks her son in one of the booths.
peter frees himself and punctures venom.
behind him, the woman rises and falls, appears and disappears.
benjamin hobbles on crutches to the back door to watch mr. oti holding court in the garden.
what are his finances?
giving his hand back.
she has a clutch bag in one hand and a bunch of flowers in the other.
banky and hooper exit, leaving alyssa and holden alone at the table.
henry laughs genuinely, believing himself to be laughing at the expense of the s.s.
after a while, strasser and his officers give up and sit down.
queenie wakes him and rises primly to her feet.
he approaches a group of men scavenging on the rubbish tip.
behind them are madame weber, josefa and sophie weber, and a very few others.
peter stirs, raises his head, then lies back down.
lockhart strides along it.
sanford skates up and skids to a halt.
preacher's back is to her.
he tosses the pizzas and swings down to pluck kids away from truck.
she reaches up and undoes her long, blonde hair extension piece.
it is twelve o'clock, and fats dominates the play.
zoe carries a stuffed elephant.
mac seizes mark's hand and pumps it heartily.
a fly comes in through a grill.
she shuns his touch.
he walks off.
gittes moves toward it.
at that moment: a chill wind seems to rush out of the doorway.
his reflection his talking to him.
and the ark cruises over calm waters.
now david and elise reach a hallway.
with a brittle smile, tall slim vanessa hurries upstairs to find mark and juno duetting on guitars.
as doris leads karen and chili towards the triage area.
grabbing his cloak, harry knocks over the lamp.
he fishes the coat check from his pocket, buries it in his fist, fighting the foolish impulse.
cal is woeful.
a beautiful, classic room, areas of dim, warm light, club chairs, books reaching to the ceiling, a rolling library ladder, a weathered dictionary on a stand, a model boat carved of bone set into the stacks which are separated from the reading area by a seven-foot high partition of obscured glass.
michael dodges the blow.
nearby, the skiptracer watches from the thugs' silver sedan.
one piece of paper flies high in the air towards the sun.
he just stands there motionless.
jenny leans against the doorframe listening to his story.
jacob heads over to a coffee table to put them down.
it pops off one of the circles and shoots back at them, missing them as they duck.
laszlo extends his hand to rick, who grasps it firmly.
news crew helicopters hover in the air above the scene.
with not one left standing, zus gets to his feet on the side of the tank, his eyes anxiously searching the trees.
the odd man places a handkerchief over an egg on the floor.
her long hair, previously tied up in a bun, now hangs loose under a black beret.
voldemort is forced back, as the energy from the elder wand dissipates and dies.
charles and cary head off, planning the explosions.
a black briefcase blocks the closing doors.
as he starts for the door, sam laughs.
graham stares at his son and crouches down beside houdini.
the same necklace the woman in the drawing is wearing.
the pretty, dark-haired woman with a hat perched jauntily on her head is irene adler.
szpilman takes the book and reads the title page.
joseph has joined them.
when gittes looks up he sees the young woman, apparently in her late twenties.
the quiet before the men depart for war.
the photograph that sirius gave harry at the station.
the man walks to the nearer of the two, not badly damaged at the back.
passing under a beautiful elven archway to reveal a white ship, ready to depart from a white stone.
he gives them a studied, but agreeable nod, then departs.
ryan looks at the screen and frowns.
they all look confused.
jeff lifts his hand in a feeble parting gesture.
one side of the dinning room is lined with windows that have been boarded up.
frodo thrusts the ring at gandalf.
tony stops beside a female secretary, who sits behind a desk.
dale is filling out a form in the dentist's office when he suddenly has his eyes covered.
rose strokes the necklace as she gazes at her own reflection on the vanity mirror.
nick watches the man slowly raise his right hand.
in the master-at-arms' office, jack drops his head.
fleur takes out a little green dragon.
she notices the open door to the minivan.
peter holds it towards him.
charlie rises from behind the counter.
a doorman stands out front.
further down the sidewalk, coming out of the front door of his house is sean.
gavroche runs across the tops of several carriages and runs off.
charles is suddenly there, with cary.
outside, the other sub releases a second remotely operated vehicle.
confusion and panic spreads amongst the soldiers.
lee gently pushes back doug's hair.
the housekeeper curtsies, then leaves the room.
the kitchen is decorated for christmas.
camille watches them.
he presses himself to the side of the train to avoid an oncoming one.
preacher hits her across the mouth.
graham is inside his bedroom .
he leaves the loo just as the train enters a tunnel.
on the ice - the players skid into the corner.
the cave roof starts to collapse.
next to him are lester's legs, kicking and struggling a few feet above the ground.
dil's face, staring at him.
the firebolt is stuck fast.
he leans forward and shakes the chairman's hand.
it comes to stop as he opnes his eyes.
she looks directly at the shape inside.
mulvihill has walked up beside gittes.
he lands on a horizontal girder and turns to face sandman, who slowly pulls himself up to his full height and towers over him like an elephant looking down on a mouse.
holding a large stainless steel bowl, zoe kneels down in front of a box of potatoes.
one actress is having a wound painted on her forehead.
rain falls in sheets in the stadium.
as he reads, his expression changes.
the dude, still staring down at his drink, shakes his head.
jules rises and dries his hands.
he jerks upright.
nelec runs out of ammunition.
fats keeps sinking shots.
mj barges out of her back door.
the door behind them slides away.
carl holds up a clenched fist.
merrill steps towards him.
magarri follows him.
they walk away from the plane, heinze following, with casselle and tonelli bringing up the rear, engaged in a heated exchange of words.
cedric helps harry up.
grainy old footage of the lightning striking him.
he tries to move his arms, as if trying to defend himself.
the coins brought by salieri fall on the floor.
he walks down the aisle.
silence, parrish getting lost in his memories.
rick is an american of indeterminate age.
dumbledore gazes at the students, refusing to take the bait.
the wind blows the door open a little wider.
spooked, he runs off.
rachel gets up, gun at port, and faces into the darkness.
john, jenny, and marley are at the dog beach.
a neighbor who is gardening spots him.
he straightens up.
he throws open a wooden bolt, opens a gate and crawls inside.
the unseen presence glides across the door and up onto the bed, casting a tangled black shadow on the wall.
a photo shows him huddled with his young wife, a teen boy and girl.
ron and hermione follow the footprints in the snow until they reach the edge of the forest.
her expression is solemn.
although her face is basically expressionless, we see that it's possible she might kill thelma.
stops, looks about.
she looks earnestly at him.
pleasant runs up to a search light mounted by the wheel house.
he strolls past the lake house to the board walk and close by wooden railings, where daisy sits staring down the length at the derelict jetty, the lake beyond.
cousin eustace is ready to close the door.
charlie rests a hand on her belly.
severus administers some veritaserum.
pushing the door open, he stands in the doorway.
he clambers, climbs, and leaps up the side of a building, almost scurrying along with great speed.
the convulsing stops but norman is held upright by the restraints.
he motions for her to enter, standing aside to let her do so.
carlos shrugs at evan and offers him a roll.
flint grabs the bottom rungs of a metal ladder mounted on a wall.
kayleigh, wearing a long skirt and tight red sweater, catches the eye of every guy on campus.
brian smiles as his sons hug peter.
he crosses to a desk and holds briefly by a secretary busy typing.
her eyes glimmer with tears as she meets his gaze.
peter nervously takes up the receiver.
the gangster finds another bulletin board and scans its postings.
the spectators take their seats in the stands, many of them wearing colorful national costumes.
school boy steals onto the watch tower platform where a lookout sits in a chair, oblivious to his presence.
the cab driver looks at her.
aron, sitting by the chessboard, smiles at tuvia.
a loud spell is cast and harry wakes up in a flash of panic.
the black rider gallops away at speed.
the film cuts to frederick in his loft, standing near the phone.
a cab breaks sharply.
the horse takes off.
beside the little boy stands leopold, his father, smirking with pride.
he turns and walks to security barrier, where he shows his id.
he works furiously and relentlessly, like a machine.
chili checks out the bar, sees they aren't there, then looks up at the railing.
as holly speaks, she distractedly nibbles an hors d'oeuvre.
mathison as he looks down and examines her child.
rose sits at a table with blonde bjorn as tommy sets down several glasses of beer.
they look awkwardly at each other as enrique heads back to the diner.
he sits down on a wall.
a small robot races back and forth through long grass, under a cloudy sky.
she buries her face in her pillow.
she glances over her shoulder.
chili leans forward, hangs up the phone with his index finger, casually reaches for the receiver.
her body is a knockout, dress cut to reveal skin.
his lips pressed tight, harry takes a deep breath and nods.
harry dreams of voldemort threatening the wand maker, ollivander.
yule mae goes towards the kitchen, then stops and puts the plates back down.
she follows him.
his eyes are shut tight; his balled-up fists rub against his temples.
harry uses his wand to hurl the dazzling light towards it.
between the curb and the jardin, several temporary wooden booths have been set up.
lizzie comes in defiantly.
she tosses it under the podium.
doyle goes to the window and looks out, as they watch him, expectantly.
blood stains the cellar floor, but the prisoner, mr. white, is gone.
once inside, the trolley raises from a horizontal position to a vertical one.
black and white footage - president kennedy shakes hands with the all-american football players.
peter glances at gwen out of the corner of his eye.
the president gets into the car by which barnes and taylor are standing.
he grabs his brown fedora.
the customer winds up and takes a hard shot.
a crewman reaches towards a sparking circuit breaker.
a photographer with a flash camera stands by the bathroom.
on the roof, the men wait for something to happen.
the gaunt man stands by his iv pole.
he turns his back.
evan busily writes in his new black-marble mead comp book.
the night is whirring and breathing, alive.
barnes looks intently at the screen, his eyes unblinking.
he picks the cat up.
during this scene mary has come up behind the counter.
juno takes a long look at him, then closes her eyes.
karen starts to answer, but nicki's already hustling chili inside.
her smile fades.
peter struggles to hold up the side wall.
the wheel rolls off the front forks and bounces out of the open window.
he pulls out a business card and hands it to her.
then looks upwards and sighs.
he puts them on and tosses a jacket to the other inmate who grabs a hat from the rack as he ushers the deputy out behind dillinger.
she blinks, then gazes at him.
dillinger stands below an overcast sky.
uncle billy running across the street in the direction of the building and loan.
she moves on and looks over a mink stole with a very critical eye.
valjean grabs back his hat which thenardier had taken.
ben looks down at the pie on a plate in front of ezra.
they dance in silence for a few moments, then stop moving.
sam rummages through his knapsack, looking for a bite to eat.
neff walks across to his desk, lifts the telephone and dials a number.
watson pulls her face.
she carries a large bundle of school books in her arms.
purvis comes running through the forest.
they walk in silence.
great cracks appear in the walls and the ceiling gives way.
he steps out of the toilet and rips off the door handle.
will is watching her.
gittes buzzes sophie.
mike walks down the hall, freaked out and perturbed.
casey flashes gina a false smile.
the gruesome face of old gladys is uncovered from under a plastic sheet.
he strikes a match and lights his cigarette, holding the burning match in his hand afterward.
it opens as far as the chain will allow, stops with a sharp bite of metal on wood.
she is trying to express her gratitude.
dumbledore appears.
lance continues his frenzied search.
she leaps on him.
brian throws his arms around peter and hugs him close.
ruth walks to rose and ties the laces of her corset.
pete watches with a mustached 30-something and a hip, young woman.
laszlo and corina sing as they start to play.
tracking shot with loomis as he walks up the street.
in the dark, a man walks towards the end of a long, narrow, raised dock which juts out into the bay.
david drops his head, staring down at the ground.
his face is deathly pale.
a tear rolls down hermione's cheek.
he picks up a piece of chalk and also starts to write.
the music continues as the film moves inside, where the choir is seen singing behind an altar glowing warm gold.
his eyes focused on the terrain.
the words hit home and jenny thinks hard.
emily's head and shoulders are framed by the water in the tub.
as gandhi enters, he lowers his glasses, places them on his desk, and rises, facing gandhi.
harry looks at him thoughtfully.
bo finally looks at her father.
charles and joe pick up their processed film.
as he reaches a wire mesh fence an alsatian lunges at him.
sliding his pass through the reader, he pauses in the aisle.
the nurse comes out.
they hit.
sydney takes a copy of sharp's magazine from a news kiosk on a street corner.
everett, jaw hanging open, can only stare, as if at a ghost.
tommy and lindsey are sound asleep on the bed.
he's staring down at the spoon he's holding against the rim of a cereal bowl.
the gray door opens and he steps out.
he can't get the words out.
she checks a computer screen and smiles at them.
they sing at the same time, duelling in song.
they prepare the packets.
it seems to stretch on forever.
the recitativo summons up the march, but instead there is silence.
angela lays back on the couch as lester moves in over her.
juno leans over and kisses bleeker on the cheek.
she pours him another shot, and then one for herself.
wind ruffles his hair.
a messenger dismounts from his horse.
she walks out as drover hurls bull into her luggage.
some of the corpses have been cut open and the insides are surprisingly anatomically correct.
his build is slighter and his skin smoother.
a winded pippin, his face inches away from a large pile of horse droppings.
of which time, the couple have walked away.
following them immediately appear wolfgang, constanze and leopold, all three dressed for an occasion.
butch lowers the sword and hangs back.
in his motel room, ben uses a small hose to fill up the large cylindrical fish tank that larry was carrying.
they drive on down a dark stretch of road.
purvis moves out.
hermione knows.
don looks at the glass in wick's hand.
barely, we glimpse the room - an old chair, old tables piled with books, a forte- piano, a chamber-pot on the floor - as the valet and the cook struggle to lift their old master, and bind his bleeding throat with a napkin.
slowly it rises -- he looks aragorn in the eye.
the last to emerge are yule mae and aibileen.
she turns to crowd.
the third is a barn door -- they try it: locked.
mirabehn, seated like the others, is almost in the circle, sitting near ba, and listening like her.
the prisoner, jamal malik, blinks rapidly as the smoke stings his eyes.
he notices the french windows are open and goes to have a look.
it holds him close to its face to get a look at him.
the car drives off down the chic parisian street.
harry stands up
he takes them off and can see perfectly.
marius is manically working to raise the height of one of the smaller barricades.
elsewhere, the queen sits at a desk writing in a book.
thorwald has advanced to the middle of the room, his eyes on jeff and his hands clenching with the effort to control his anger.
pearl shakes her head for no.
gatsby clenches his eyes shut and pinches the bridge of his nose.
pete is driving sadie and charlotte to school.
overmyer is dragged outside.
later, he spoons her as they sleep, his arm draped over her body.
bob and jeep appear from the back, as kyle, percy, audrey and sandra carry howard into the diner, all of them stumbling, gasping for air.
she touches his hand; elliot embraces her.
the jims slow down until he catches up, then the three men run together in the early morning light.
at dantay-west, allon, the receptionist, gets an email about a sale and auction by the girl in the green scarf.
from the bedroom we see him open the door.
the door opens a little bit more.
she grins at him.
a wonderful banquet appears magically on the long tables.
mr. robinson turns back from the hall.
alison and lawrence seem indifferently thumb their mobiles phones.
evan sees the damage and goes mental.
henry leans in a doorway reading a newspaper as indy enters down the stairs and taps henry's shoulder.
hermione is wearing a long chain necklace.
jerry makes a left turn into traffic.
mrs. braddock is going toward him from the house, carrying some ominously large thing wrapped in tinfoil.
in the hotel, benjamin takes a room key off a hook behind reception.
casually neff lifts the briefcase and signed applications off dietrichson's lap.
outside, marie holds anna and touches howard.
she puts the gun down.
lupin appears with pettigrew.
zus is chopping at a tree.
she stumbles a step and drops her beer bottle.
the bearded man, enrique, a handsome man in his 30s wearing a light open shirt over a dark tee shirt and with a bag over his shoulder, marches past the protestors on his way to the plaza.
gandalf and pippin share a quiet moment as they stare out towards the fiery sky over mordor.
she enters.
harry stares at them both, then turns abruptly and walks away.
icicles are beginning to thaw.
desi puts them in her mouth.
cross himself elbows through.
delmar staggers to his feet and stumbles over to the carcass of the frog, weeping.
norman turns, slowly, looking at her with a striking coldness.
he checks his watch, takes a few more brisk steps, then breaks into a run.
a scruffy young man's filling out a form.
the lads read comics and annuals as brian broods at the wheel.
skeeter is sitting near the back.
now in a town, a brambly bush grows by a biro cactus and a healthy saguaro.
rubbing her neck, she looks at the black and white photo richard was inspecting.
jane looks at him and sits up.
ping huffs, turning her back on her sister.
he also holds an irregular shape bundled in brown wrapping paper.
it is early morning and the parking lot is empty except for marcus' van.
the huge figure is the infamous and as of yet still unseen marsellus.
he looks at the open safe door and smiles.
bubba looks up as he lies on the ground.
it spreads its arms wide and moves ominously towards harry.
mac shovels food while chatting about his day.
mary jane turns away angrily and carries on.
she pulls the door shut.
the face disappears.
on the newlyweds smiling at the camera.
their eyes are drawn to a dark looming shape.
mr. dietrichson, age about fifty-one, a big, blocky man with glasses and a rotarian look about him; lola dietrichson, age nineteen, wearing a filmy party dress and a yearning look in her pretty eyes.
it is gale's picture of the farmers and mechanics bank.
black lines and symbols spread up his arm.
the mustached gangster leans in closer.
bo catlett follows them out there.
he smiles, and moves even closer, holding his beer loosely balanced.
she quickly crosses to the washing machine, climbs up on top of it and starts out the window.
they continue going through the items from the bag.
hermione sees a pebble lying on the pumpkin in front of her.
he starts laughing, then catches himself.
they chase after indy.
they climb onto an adjoining roof and watch, as the malfoys are led across a courtyard below into a high room.
she flashes a smile at him.
he removes a can stuck to his shoe.
the chief hurls his steaming mug of coffee at the dude.
he starts brushing off the dude with his hands.
a man sells newspapers to people crowded around him.
benjamin holds her gaze as she touches his stubbly cheek.
she looks around the bar, a rather characterless, lowlit meeting place for business people.
pippin douses flames on faramir's clothing.
the dark lord twists and flexes his neck.
she points a finger with steely determination.
he tosses his cloak to a group of excited girls.
david's eyes look up and make eye contact with audrey's.
on the other side of the ship, crew members tip another lifeboat onto the deck below.
the dude is near tears.
george feels his ear as clarence talks.
the latino guys speed off.
dante studies a copy of paradise lost, making a strong attempt at not noticing the glare.
frodo, sam, merry, and pippin hurry through the trees.slipping and sliding on the muddy ground.
harry points his wand upwards.
karen watches now as bo catlett puts a hand in his coat packet, steps right up to chili.
he holds up a hand to stop her.
chili looks at karen a moment.
enjolras and marius look around with concern.
he turns and looks up at rose who wears a floor length black lace dress.
the five mean-looking hmong guys get out.
as he peers over side.
jacob has fallen asleep with his glass in his hand.
75,000 orcs are spread out across the pelennor fields like a sea of black ants.
the durmstrang boys leave too, shaking hands as they go.
she kisses him on the mouth, a woman hopelessly in love.
his brothers are sitting around the fire.
men play polo on the lawn.
the commander wears a tunic decorated with ribbons.
it turns to 7.14.
he puts something away, walks out from the counter, and heads down the aisle towards elijah.
he takes lee into his arms.
he jumps as the troll gives a snot.
only rick's shadow can be seen getting the money out.
harry looks into his glassy eyes.
harling arrives, a bag slung over his shoulder.
he listens again for signs of life.
skeeter sits back down with a blind smile.
she stamps on the cigarette, grabs her jacket, and walks out.
snape's eyes are fixed on voldemort.
as they drive down the street, we hear thelma let out a long howl.
it's clear he knows where she's most vulnerable.
the girls knock back shots.
a naked woman lies over the dunes in the half light.
the big man summons the rottweiler and a police 4x4 noses onto the beach.
an old man slides into view on a ladder.
she stoops over a bit, places her hands behind her upper back, begins to unhook her bra.
they both smile happily.
he lays the volume down on top of a pile of other poetry books and goes to the washing machine.
now two troopers gently lift john away.
across from the park, a well-kept residential building shows beyond a few trees.
suddenly the shape leaps up from behind the couch!
she storms into the bedroom and slams the door.
he punches the guard out and takes his gun.
the van drives off.
salim slowly turns to face javed, he nodes.
jane checks the public telephone, but indicates with a roll of her eyes that it's not working.
he slides it along the table as he darts through the checkpoint.
they go up a rickety staircase and along a dingy landing.
the owl swoops to attack again and is hit by a bolt of green light.
willie winds the driver's window down and hands the kid a letter.
forrest steps forward, looking much like he did on his first bus ride to school years ago.
carolyn leans over and open the glove compartment.
the camera moves forward, and as it reaches the edge of the window, pans down and shows us what the salesman is looking at.
michael looks away, disgustedly.
from the balcony you see the eleventh floor below: one enormous room filled with desks, typewriters, filing cabinets, business machines, etc.)
instead of shouting he merely closes his eyes.
valjean makes his way up a rising track, a worn knapsack on his back.
the flaming rocks hammer the area.
she shuts the blinds and leaves the room, easing the door closed behind her.
now, a gray-haired man steps out of a modest house.
forrest looks at the fat man on the bus bench.
hal, max, various other cops, and darryl all watch as tv plays back vcr tape of thelma in the convenience store pulling a gun.
as he yanks it off a high shelf, he smashes the light bulb, plunging the basement into darkness.
she looks downcast in shame.
smiling, carolyn leads a man and woman into the living room.
a shadow passes across bilbo.for a split second he becomes a wrinkled creature with a hungry face and bony, groping hands.
george drops his cigar on his lap.
only the telephone, which stands on the desk next the open portable, is alive.
harry bows to buckbeak, who lowers his head in return.
lisa sits bolt upright on the divan.
the elevator door opens, parrish and joe step inside and the door closes, leaving sloane behind.
fantine looks up, a trickle of blood in one corner of her mouth.
chili looks at karen.
the president is behind them.
she's been crying.
they hold eye contact and she lets go.
rose watches the elevator ascend, then glances around as she wades through the water
we see an english clergyman from the second class coaches, dipping a toe cautiously into the water, children of some british enlisted soldiers wading, splashing, faces alight with fun.
gandhi and walker are approaching the tent from the river, gandhi discoursing earnestly.
the room in which it hangs is dark.
walt opens the well stocked fridge.
he gives thao a scornful look.
mother and son hold each other tight.
people crowd round the blond head german
michael heads for the roof, leaving jeep to stare after him, deep in thought.
they are drinking, eating, etc.
madame thenardier imitates cosette as she sings.
finds uncle vernon waiting for him.
holly stands nearby, working in the pantry area.
now, sandy steps off an elevator and walks to his office.
which is laid out as a racetrack.
his eyes still lowered.
the evidence appears on screen.
marius can't conceal that he's disturbed by this revelation.
a refuse lorry passes a garden in the middle of the london square.
he looks round at the soldiers getting closer.
morgan walks up to graham with bo.
strasser takes a little black book from his pocket and turns to a certain page.
harry pours the contents of the vial into the basin.
pete lifts a sleeping charlotte (8) out of bed and walks her downstairs.
david walks to his post near the gate and faces the crowd.
neff goes to the door and opens it.
for a moment bracket doesn't speak.
neither one of them say anything for a moment.
she struts away coolly, then bursts into a run and dives into a lift.
moving down the aisle.
he looks at them all, then up at lord chelmsford behind them.
george wandering like a lost soul among the tombstones, clarence trotting at his heels.
they walk out of the willow glade.
a giant storm of flies looms overhead.
it floats away into the sky.
up comes michael's glock in his other hand and blam!
looking on, pete takes a seat as his wife and daughters dance.
the kid, screaming, is just disappearing at the far end.
she gazes down at the churning water.
this is the house that george and mary will live in from now on.
rose shoves the operator into the elevator.
norman slumps over the glider, his eyes staring wide.
the kid looks at him, unperturbed.
estevez looks at his partner with confusion.
it was nick calling gatsby.
walt looks at a house across the street.
gail, wearing her glasses, stands behind a crowded but well- ordered desk.
there are several photos in there.
young jenny is stealthily untying the laces on edward's shoes.
he enters cautiously, peering round the door, into the plainly furnished, empty living room.
scabior is chasing hermione.
hilly is at the bottom of the stairs, saying goodnight to her guests.
we're flying once again over robin hood trail, ascending .
the long winding ditch is full of dead bodies piled on top of each other.
he gestures vincent to take it down.
we stay on fabienne as she brushes her teeth.
a few dozen people tread water near the propeller
a lighthouse stands at the end of the pier.
harry nods, looks back to lupin.
harry and ron stand by the wall, laughing.
eddie takes his cue case and heads for the door.
the office is empty, the typewriter on the secretary's desk is covered with its plastic shroud.
the fifth keeps tripping, crashing into young edward (10).
he glances back at them.
breakers crash on the beach where sarah waves up to ben.
she laughs at the earnestness with which he answers.
bert, sausage, willie, preach step around the body on their way out.
then watson knocks him cold.
she looks at her name badge.
she goes towards her parents, her face a little crestfallen.
he turns to jenny and smiles.
minnie looks bemused.
she stalks off.
sam wainwright is standing in front of his big black town car.
they notice him.
all the grownups are avid for his words, which we don't hear through the glass.
one of them is almost hysterical with laughter.
on the river, the boat rounds a promontory.
buttercup gently stops the king and places a kiss on his forehead.
she waves her wand.
he spots a dusty old radio on one shelf and tuns the dial on the front.
he shifts his gaze to a bay door and it begins to rise.
gorbag spies frodo's body.
hannah laughs, touching her mother.
it is almost four o'clock.
jen, charles' hot sister, lies on her cot making her columbia house records choices.
he retrieves his mask then looks up sharply as the truck starts dropping towards the cab.
morty brushes some sand from the man's face, laughs.
she goes over to him,
the car starts forward.
a man crosses the staging area and down some stairs to the kunslerangang, the artists' entrance.
the flashback ends.
there are no i.v.
preparing to break, eddie chalks his cue.
forrest walks to the steps of the bus and looks at the bus driver.
julia stands up.
the students move away from harry.
she tries the right rear door and takes a last look into the dim interior of the car.
skip's hands are still tied behind his back.
as he talks, mary has been listening intently.
he nods to them all, and leaves.
majorek is instantly awake.
exhausted and trembling, he scrambles to his feet.
she glares at snape.
as the group briskly walks past an open door, gail, another assistant, runs out, brandishing her glasses.
at night in pouring rain with the collar of his jacket pulled up, tuvia stands staring at a cottage in the clearing, his lips pursed.
donny is visibly frightened.
she strides out in a huff to alison, who is wearing sharp suit.
a cloth covers the keys.
he breathes a sigh of relief then quickly runs out of the dank tunnel and back to the main chamber.
zombie alice attacks him and snarls into the camera.
valjean reads the letter, frowning.
faramir and his men are fighting a losing battle against the mordor invasion.
he gets up
the door opens and mrs. donovan steps into the room.
without a word fezzik stuffs inigo's head into the icy water, then, after a reasonable amount of time, pulls him out, ducks him into the steaming stuff, and, a short time after that, puts him back in the cold again, then back in the hot.
executives are gathered in a restaurant.
smiling, sandra nods.
tuvia and other men with guns scoot back down the hill to take up positions behind trees.
as the door swings wide the inside of the cupboard is washed with light.
the stretcher, bearing mickey, slowly moves out of the module.
gandhi sits a little distance away, staring at the floor and into nothingness.
he talks a great expression worn by satnam and west.
jeff's eyes moves down again.
billie crosses the roomy, run-down apartment, then doubles back to a door.
the kid moves a piece, keeping his finger on it.
she is pushing him away as hard as she can, but he is relentless.
she sits in profile, her gun across her knees.
a cloth sack dangles from red's grip as both men hurry past a narrowed outcropping.
suddenly, the golden snitch swoops past.
in a clean, white kitchen, a woman standing near the sink folds a newspaper.
panting and keeping his eyes fixed intently on the maize.
the tollkeeper, about to spit, is stopped in the middle of it by this remark.
she inspects the underneath of the vehicle.
a few other people start for the door.
the man in black, sailing in toward the cliffs of insanity, watching as fezzik rises swiftly through the first moments of dawn.
esmeralda can't keep quiet anymore.
benjamin opens his hotel room door to daisy.
mark stares at the wall, looking lost.
dumbledore approaches the chest.
david follows the man as he pushes his wheelie bin around a corner and along a dimly lit corridor.
whip's eyes dart up and down.
alyssa tries to laugh with them.
she takes the bottle herself and fills their glasses.
the men step onto a sunny veranda, where reporters gather.
the woman onstage announces the winner, sophie maes.
tony and cherie back out of the room awkwardly.
jane stares in shock across the central park boating lake.
moriarty stares after holmes then turns his attention back to the chessboard.
they share a look then turn to face the screen.
bob raises the shotgun.
cousin eustace runs over to george.
she carries a totebag with schoolbooks and knitting needles stuck inside, and a large pumpkin.
marius enters the ground floor and takes the red flag from madame hucheloup that she has just finished.
in the cupboard under the stairs, harry potter wakes and puts on a pad of large round spectacles mended with sticky tape.
at the restaurant, nick commands a hectic kitchen.
the big farmer takes a swing at gittes.
faramir shakes his head.
she unpacks a rabbit.
he must be six inches closer to the top than when last we saw him.
klaatu steps out into the raging swarm.
the police car is apparently history.
pearl thinks the knife is a toy and crosses behind john to pick it up.
as dirt falls on his face, he comes to.
she approaches harry.
suddenly hundreds of tiny bugs begin to hit the windshield .
szpilman hurries over and crawls on his back until he's beside him.
maguire hit, still shooting.
sam grabs merry and pippin as the hobbits quickly scramble down the bank, hiding under a mossy log.
the blades get stuck in the pillar behind.
and enraged quince has cornered drew, out of earshot of the others.
the tip of his wand glows.
almost instantly, lindsey stops crying and follows him.
forrest and jenny walk through the park.
harry's father and mother appear at his side.
the boats pass into the great river anduin.
snape turns away as harry gets to his feet.
fletcher answers the phone at the holding yard.
gower's drugstore is now a pawnbroker's establishment, and so on.
just the lightning sand, lovely and lethal.
they hesitate.
clutching hermione's wand, harry looks deep into the forest.
it crashes back onto all four and, as it speeds along, dollar bills snap and flutter out its windows.
descending the stairs, he meets harry who has overheard his exchange with dumbledore.
with determination and willpower, he gradually forces it to retreat inside the open trunk.
rick sits down.
he's terrified.
he takes off his hat and shakes the rain from it, then peels off his raincoat.
danny smith's hit and falls from the machine gun.
he nods solemnly and then turns back to the window, as both he and lisa look again towards.
peter is in his darkened room, sitting on his bed lost in thought.
the shape stands in the doorway.
kyle looks around the roof with alarm.
crushed against lenny.
ames is empty now, except for the players and the employees.
a moment, and he lifts it slowly, his face confirming for us what he and we already know: there is no heartbeat.
indy jumps from one rock to another; the scout troop horses are below.
he dries his face.
molly wields her wand once more.
she slumps down, and gazes miserably at a photograph or herself and black-haired suze laughing together.
norman becomes apprehensive, starts to arbogast, forcing himself to remain calm and cheerful.
a cape hooded figure stands motionless in an archway silhouetted black against the teeming rain.
on the other side, big chuck's belt holds it closed.
in voice-over, hi is composing a letter.
andy is on her way out of the building when her phone goes.
under his arm is a florist's box.
she gives him a little wave.
fighting tears, she nods then shakes her head.
at the high table, professor dumbledore stands and starts to applaud.
and they exchange a brief smile.
a woman slides her foot tentatively forward.
they clink glasses and drink wine.
as the deflected bullet rips the shoulder of his coat, leaving him unharmed.
wickham and georgiana are on the rocks below together.
at that moment, thumper passes evan in the lobby.
mia has the unbeknownst-to-her heroin cut up into big lines on her glass top coffee table.
and she puts her mouth on his neck in a fake bite, which makes joe go still -- a shiver down his spine -- he's never felt anything like this in his life.
they are all empty.
john gasps, peering, and looks up.
the music from the living room is softly heard as the three sisters chat comfortably and easily with each other.
ahead, harry sees guards in uniform.
he makes a left turn and pounds through a puddle.
hearing a noise, harry gets to his feet, the dagger in his right hand.
stella hurries from the window, turning off lights, as jeff backs his chair into the room.
he ducks to avoid them.
the bearded man grasps the two joysticks as snoop dog extends a pair of mechanical claws.
a hand enters to take a big carton of disposable diapers from the shelf.
stella's brow knits a little as she sees something.
elaine and twenty other girls are in basketball uniforms.
the iced tea comes on a tray which ramon sets down between them.
two months later, tony stands before a mirror, adjusting his tie.
bn's party joins en-joo and the girls in a dark clearing beyond the camp gate.
kate slowly wakes up and takes in her surroundings.
later, elise rests her head on david's shoulder as they ride in the back of a cab.
tyeb mohammed sets his jaw in defiance.
and then, with some difficulty, stretches and succeeds in getting in through the living room window, which is open.
he is looking down in a slightly supercilious manner.
ben hands emily a list of the people written on the back of a photo of sarah.
the plane clears the canyon.
mozart is suddenly delighted.
a disheveled young man in a gaily colored hawaiian shirt is launched into frame by someone offscreen.
he turns to queenie.
they turned to look at graham as he approaches.
the frame is a polished mahogany.
nigel is gazing at harry.
peter drops a photo on the desk.
holding charlotte close, oliver lifts his chin.
he picks it up as he runs from the church.
mary comes in with a small package.
the shiny black tendrils latched onto peter's hand.
a car is driving down a quite urban street.
morgan takes the money graham gives him, then takes bo's hand and walks down the sidewalk.
mr. orange lays his head back on the mattress.
ricky and lester stand next to a dumpster behind the service entrance to the hotel, smoking a joint.
tuvia produces the ornate mezuzah case.
a french officer at the bar makes a remark to yvonne.
she wears white lounging pajamas, and she is carrying something small and heavy concealed in a scarf in her right hand.
on the rotting warship, more whores appear out of the gaps of the hull to sing the chorus.
valjean is crouched down beside him.
kevin, lurking in the background, follows her out.
hazy morning sunshine washes over the new york skyline.
a can of shoe polish is grabbed from the shelf.
she disappears inside.
the doors burst open and hagrid appears.
neff enters his own office.
he walks over to delmar who is on the ground moaning, and kicks him several times.
she has her arm around katherine.
lewis stirs a little.
she stands stalk still.
he smacks his lips, picks up the glass again and drains the contents.
he bows too, giggling.
in the distance gigantic wall of water crashes it way between the pics of the snow covered mountains
as they stare at the case, surprised and just a little embarrassed.
thelma is staring down the road.
dyle turns the key which is still in the door.
then he takes the flower from his lapel and throws it into the open box.
he finds anna.
thao struggling with an old tree stump in the garden opposite.
lisa looks down at jeff.
abby, now infuriated, picks up the phone and begins dialing.
she wedges a pillow into the small of her back and clasps a hand on each kneecap.
we see a grumpy old man in shirt sleeves in a rocking chair on the porch.
but green runs up the stairs, pursued by bond.
harry meets an oscorp board member who's in a wheelchair.
just as he does so, from the direction of the window there whirs past him a strange winged thing.
we shoot from within open door of kitchen.
dumbledore and fudge look very concerned.
cary is about to scream, but joe puts a hand on his mouth and leads him away from pruitt.
the man pulls away.
a metal door opens.
a kangaroo paw and a dribble of blood run down the windscreen.
their joy is plain.
icey, looking ahead, is displeased.
professor mcgonagall puts the sorting hart on her head.
tears well up in her eyes, fear and anger overtaking her.
the room is dense with smoke.
then yellow.
then a pumpkin bomb bounces towards him.
his eyes moved down from her face, holding the bag he brought through security for her.
hermione wipes the butterbeer froth from her lip with her sleeve, then gazes at ron.
across the emptiness of the temple, ba faces him.
hairy legs emerge from his khaki shorts.
and now we see nehru and azad in the background too.
on the stairs, mcgonagall is affronted.
laurie holds out her hand.
thin slivers of light illuminate the two men on their backs in the cramped space.
footprints appear in the snow.
they begin a slow walk towards him.
harry rushes past her.
a revised countdown appears on their screens.
melvin slows -- observes the dog mirroring his behavior.
outside, he hears holden who's chasing enrique.
she strokes his chest.
the kids pile out.
ruth detaches herself from the group and offers george some popcorn.
he takes the phone out again.
they sit down.
at the bigfoot lodge, carl, peter and rooney sit in a booth.
harry drops the hat and runs.
he points to some open land.
the helicopter fly overhead.
ryan nods to natalie, who picks up one of the strategy packets and hands it to bob.
troops and civilians swarm towards the wharf.
they gaze toward a group of people.
brody and sallah smile, relieved.
ed is just skidding around the corner.
this character enters the room and begins walking.
but nelec has seen something outside: the kids.
a smile plays on benjamin's lips.
they sound restless.
janina shoves the strips of clothes into the stove.
scabior takes a very slow and tentative step forward.
ron picks it up and slings it over his shoulder.
lips almost touching, she leans back against his arm.
nehru turns back -- this time no confidence, only concern.
seeing it, she laughs.
marsellus follows the gawker's finger and sees butch coolidge down the street, looking a shambles.
holding the elder wand, voldemort suddenly recoil.
he holds it aloft and then lowers it resolutely into the wire basket.
darryl, hal, max, and other cops spring into action as the phone rings, putting on headsets, turning on tape recorders.
he sees misty black swirls appear in the pensieve.
adam pushes the emergency stop button and then starts the cage down.
moody opens his hip flask but finds it empty.
they begin to walk slowly, again have to move out of the way as some other corpse is being wheeled out of one of the coroner cubicles.
he proffers his hand.
she gets out of the vehicle looking emotionally and physically exhausted.
fergus aims, then changes his mind and runs.
the dude tentatively grabs hold of her extended foot.
he opens the boot and takes the bottle from a case.
now rains falls on the sidewalk in front of a ragtag neighborhood bar.
she turns off the blowtorch and puts it down, a little embarrassed.
he puts his hand on his forehead, then turns to the offscreen lee.
forrest runs to jenny.
scrimgeour takes a document from his briefcase.
eddie wanders over to a table next to sarah's and sits down.
gray-haired lawrence gives sidney a prickly look, then walks away.
when the biker speaks it is still without looking at nathan, and with a surprisingly soft voice and mild, unhurried manner.
carl forces a grin.
and the motorcycles swarm around the car as diana gets inside it.
in the lounge, grandma has conked out on the sofa.
that makes her laugh, not sure what's going on.
electrodes are placed around his body and attached to his temples.
little colleen falls off.
other mourners follow suit.
valjean holds javert's gaze, challenging him to say more.
alison is bent over, drunkenly failing to unlock her car door.
the wolf stops and turns around.
rambo runs out of ammo and takes cover behind a gun.
in a voice that sounds like a cry for help, george yells out.
audrey tries to console her mother.
another figure with long hair appears.
dante leans behind the counter, the morning routine completed.
as the students wince with pain, she smiles to herself with obvious pleasure.
michael slowly steps across the roof of the diner.
she ushers jim into the room, where julie sits being consoled by the other bridesmaids.
they bundle him into their cruiser and drive away.
he looks around at the unused pool tables, then goes to the bar.
ben parks on an upper story of a car park, which looks onto st. matthew medical center.
vernon falls head first out of the window.
harry is sitting alone nervously.
the fields are green, brown and muddy yellow.
the dining room is packed.
kurt's boss, jack, opens his car door.
up the stair is coming a branched candlestick held by salieri's valet.
hermione helps him up.
walt pulls up at the junction in his pickup.
hermione hides her face on harry's shoulder.
a young guy with a stubbly chin bops about and notices natalie.
the man, flint marko, hides in the shadows and watches nervously as the squad car cruises past.
suddenly indy stops and looks up at donovan with a startled expression.
awkwardly, he puts his hand on her arm.
sitting in the dark, waiting, bond.
a cabin trunk packs itself, folds up its contents neatly and closes.
the balding man now walks to a lectern.
the flame turns red.
stunned people pick themselves up off the ground.
george has just finished writing something, and is slipping the paper into an envelope.
on the small table next it stand the three empty bottles.
then she leans in and kisses him softly on the lips.
seated in the back of the taxi, sydney.
it is the kind of listening that opens the heart.
she obeys, tight-lipped.
he leads cosette to the door.
we now see their faces.
the iraqi prisoner being beaten to death.
dillinger subtly covers his face.
the dripping poisonous fangs are inches from harry's face.
laszlo comes up to rick.
bremner leers, laughing.
in an office, debbie sits facing a man in a shirt and tie.
she's wearing a three-quarter- length leopard coat.
aragorn leads the fellowship to the top of a dizzying stairway.gandalf follows, leaning heavily on his staff.
he stands in an imposing dark green rain poncho and hood.
gandalf looks at the small hobbit a beat.
the bullet misses its mark.
outside, intermittent bright flashes illuminate the horizon.
his hand goes into the pocket and brings the knife out.
harry unwraps the parcel.
ron stays glued to the radio.
doyle sort of smiles, and takes the snifter awkwardly.
she tosses away the branch.
one of the books is growling.
they troop out to the bristol.
more people arrive with bouquets of flowers to place at the railings.
now darcy is washing in a copper bath.
she smashes the block onto the counter and the floor, and bangs at it with a yellow stiletto heel and then a thicker wooden heel.
he leans over and kisses her.
voldemort breaths out a gigantic serpent, weaved in red hot flames.
she puts her hand in it, rummages for her wallet, cannot find it.
it is filled with the routine activity of a big commercial hotel on a hot summer day.
he nods at aragorn.
gandalf -- still troubled, still worried.
rugen smiles and hurries down the stairs as the tree slides back perfectly into place.
an iron gate is topped with ornate spikes.
to its lively music, the door of the house bursts open and a grand forte-piano augmented with a pedal is carried out of it by six men, who run off with it down the street.
susan at the door now, pauses abruptly, her eyes on the young man.
a brief silence, then from the back, a solo voice starts to sing, 'children of warsaw will go to fight!'
malcolm pours over a thick reference book.
a constant stream of carriages drop guests at the doors.
benjamin goes to the kitchen.
as he turns, a car t-bones him.
we see mirabehn and some indian women quietly placing stretchers and tables of bandages near a group of tents where the volunteers have been housed.
a very small boy has only one leg.
eddie takes a swig and returns to the game.
when elijah speaks, his voice has a whispery quality to it.
slowly, they turn and leave.
in the distance, over the next hill, a stag stands alone.
lucius malfoys turns.
big drops of rain begin to appear.
the blades pierce through norman, pinning him to the wall.
they drag her away by the scruff of her neck.
the adjustment officer blinks his disapproving eyes.
like a magician, don takes two apples out, revealing the necks of the bottles.
pale waters lap about its feet.
she is barefooted, just wearing the foulard dressing gown.
notable is her camera-side leg, which ends in a bandage- swaddled foot.
but the goblin catches his hand, then kicks spider-man in the chest, propelling him backwards.
ben gives an awkward, white-toothed grin and makes for the front door.
audrey takes off her coat as she moves to the guest bedroom.
as he does so, clarence darts in and fixes his teeth in bert's wrist, forcing him to let george go.
when it does a fifteen-year-old teenager sticks his head out the window and yells to scare pete.
in her mind's eye, she sees constantine sitting on the front steps, plaiting skeeter's hair when she was a little girl.
he leans from the window.
edward pulls off his shoes, tying the laces together.
zoe returns to watching the black-and-white gangster movie on the tv.
drover and sarah urge their horses on.
later, elegantly dressed on the porch, charlotte tries to eavesdrop on stuart and skeeter as she waters her plants.
she grips two high heels, a coat, and an open champagne bottle which she sets on the counter.
willie opens the door to a balding man.
graham's body rocks as he cries.
she steps in close.
at the table, sandra talks on the phone while edward fixes a sandwich.
his eye catches something on top of the pile, and he reaches down for it.
chili exchanges a look with tommy, watches as 'mr bones' goes down the hall into the back office, then turns to the black guy.
vizzini leaps off and takes out a knife, begins to cut the rope which is tied around a great rock while inigo helps the princess to her feet and fezzik just stands around, waiting for someone to tell him to do something.
he and his guards move away from the car.
he starts down the rustling coal-heap, helping pearl down.
kneeling people grab one of the priest's hands as he holds onto a cab stand or rotating shaft with his other hand
gower comes running across the street from his drugstore and joins them.
cosette is a few steps behind, still entranced by the sight of marius.
david goes to another cop.
he sees a raging man with wild, staring eyes struggling violently with his prison guards.
at the sound of kay's voice, jeebs suddenly pales, a look of fear coming over his face.
michael keeps his arms held tight around gabriel's neck.
the bat connects with the creature across its chest.
inigo, still hammering the door.
he's pulled about 20 feet into the air before letting go.
verdell looks over with surprise and pleasure.
as they make their way backstage, they don't notice moriarty's agent lurking in the shadows.
her head drops, facing the mirror.
the alien rocks the bus as nelec gets on the radio.
he smiles when he recognizes the weasley house.
then starts running.
she turns the page with a glib smile.
they start towards their mother.
a pumpkin bomb, which to sandman is the size of a pimple, is fired into the side of his head.
marius sits clutching cosette's handkerchief.
he picks up a small parcel.
having accomplished this, he turns back into the room, and we now see him approach a young man and woman who are standing just inside the doorway.
rick appears in the crowd.
the doctor starts to open the package.
lt. dan looks at forrest, lets go of forrest and rolls.
grandpierre sighs, puts down his pencil and pushes a button on the desk.
as she gets ready for bed, a tv plays in her bedroom.
she is trembling as she drinks a glass of water and exits.
two pale pink pigs look up curiously from their sty.
ron gives him a push and lockhart disappears.
maguire has a newspaper, which has a headline regarding the kidnapping.
lester is awake and stares up at us.
he grabs him from behind.
he moves to ba's side and kneels.
michael launches a grenade.
a mob of about 50 have gathered, many of them with shotguns.
he somersaults off the roof.
harry blinks in amazement, guzzled by the site of vast piles of gleaming golden coins.
as usual, the thread unravels -- and unravels -- and unravels some more until it seems that the entire sock has come unknit.
nick and jordan stand on the porch.
a guard unlocks a barred door then raises his baton to a second metal door just inside.
it falls to the ground.
sam ducks inside the arch of her legs and stabs sting into one of her eye clusters!
david pulls the magazine out and gives it to her.
he slips inside.
he holds out his hand, but harry does not shake it.
the host rubs his chin and shifts uncomfortably in his chair.
it spins away just to turns again then dives towards the ground.
henry looks out the windshield and sees the second messerschmidt screaming out of the sky toward them.
he pushes it away.
his body becomes very still.
a giant fissur hole causes havoc and destruction as it arrows towards the airport.
he steps to the chest of drawers in the bedroom.
she ignores adrian.
he sees jude looking at him, smiling brightly, then talking back to dil.
she starts for the door.
indy looks again to the stained-glass window.
he rams an engine which explodes.
stands, and sets off, arms linked, around the room with miss bingley.
he lays the cloth on his newspaper, unwraps the stubby, black revolver, looks at it, re-wraps it, and replaces it.
the little curly-haired lad walks up and stares at klaatu, who senses the presence, turns and stares back.
they leave the room.
james preens himself smugly.
at the surface, crewmen work to recover the submersibles.
inigo is continually being forced toward it.
they abruptly stop.
szpilman supports henryk, helps him towards the back of the cafe.
rose grabs it then turns around on a narrow ledge and stares into jack's eyes.
he hands it to frodo.
she holds a digital thermometer to his ear.
the general gets off the hostess.
a car pulls up in front of the house and parks.
the flimsy partitions fall on top of hermione.
he is in an open car, turning back to look at something, his face intrigued by what he sees.
jack's mind races as he approaches the bathroom at the end of the hall -- jack turns.
eddie looks down at his own dirty, disheveled shirt.
cole looks at malcolm desperately.
everett is exposed - in blackface.
the horse crashes beside him.
the queen turns away from the window.
howard turns back to his wife.
graham tries to get up.
nehru feels helpless but he continues to try.
juno notices a vhs.
a wide, shiny stripe cuts through the dust-laden floor -- as if something has been dragged -- to the end of the hallway, where a light seeps from a door.
griphook presses bogrod's hand against the door.
peter makes his way up a stairway on the wrestling arena.
he is still asleep in the corner, wrapped in his cloak.
the chinese butler appears on the veranda.
she gets up, walks to the fence, and looks over.
hi notices her reaction and also sloughs off his stupor to watch.
some of the marchers turn at the shout.
we notice, along with indy and brody, that the library contains many stained-glass windows.
he stands in the back looking uncomfortable, quietly singing.
don hands his coat to an attendant.
bo catlett nods, gets up.
weeping softly.
in the drive, gatsby's yellow deusenberg is driven up along with tom's smaller blue coupe.
ron races after the three students, as harry starts to climb a mountain of furniture to reach the diadem.
they look at each other.
the cars drive around the pair and stop.
to one side we see two police cars drawn up, and several policemen (a british officer, a british sergeant, and four indian constables) lined up near them.
amos stops, looks at the young man.
and they all look.
turning the page, he finds rita's article.
benzion picks up his gun.
jay looks at her.
gandhi looks up at her, blankly, abjectly.
she shakes her head and they move on.
finally the man in black pushes himself away, stares up at the giant.
marley bounds across the large lawn and sits down by the road.
ron is led in by ginny.
joseph follows.
inigo, trying like hell to get out of the way, but no, and it sticks deep into his stomach, and he hurtles back helplessly against the wall of the room, his eyes glazed, blood coming from his wound.
jackson inserts a key into the bentley's dashboard.
later, police and photographers are gathered around the pool.
turning the knife in different directions, cans, bottles, and boxes of food are reflected in the blade.
frodo and sam they stop dead.
ben stifles a slight grimace and looks sincere.
he stumbles and runs back into the shop.
harry and dumbledore enter the sitting room, where the furniture is toppled over.
thao looks thoughtful.
and sprints through the smoke towards sarah.
on the island, the hero jack lies dying with vincent the dog at his side.
he's found elizabeth in the lobby of the hotel.
mr. darcy strides in.
harry looks at ron and hermione.
mr. weasley is leaning back against the gates.
curly looks up in surprise.
down he goes, screaming in agony.
the barman mixes it.
a worker starts to fumigate the subway.
the moment it stops the shutters of the store are raised and bogucki escorts szpilman to the door, then quickly returns to the rickshaw, which moves off fast.
he sits down again, in a chair next to hannah; the ketchup bottle sits in front of him.
heller, with his red hair and hitler moustache, wielding a baton, driving men into the building.
puts the package on his lap.
he pulls a cord.
we are in a physical therapy center.
a carriage clopping through the streets.
evan nods and smiles as exams are passed down his row.
holden looks up and is suddenly taken aback.
he takes two beers out and walks away.
beneath it are two ranks of downcast male prisoners, now army draftees.
creating white wisps of cloud.
a grim stone turretted fa ade; an american flag idles at top center.
chili looks at harry, wonders if there's a way to shut him up without punching him in the mouth.
asael wakes up.
they bow to each other and kevin takes a photo.
an older agent, holiday, perches on a desk in a meeting room.
the next day, rose and cal eat breakfast at a table in the private promenade.
as moriarty sits at his desk and signs the book, holmes walks behind him and looks at a blackboard covered in calculations.
uncle billy looks around for the money envelope.
he struggles to his feet, managing to avoid the giant fuel drums sliding across the deck around him.
there are a couple glasses of bo's water on the television now.
the black threads of the symbiote sticking to his face like bulging veins.
andy shuts the door, puts down her bags and walks over to him, carrying a single fairy cake with a lit candle on it.
he stops and turns round, then turns back and keeps walking.
the camera moves around the room as he plays, showing the various guests, chattering over the music.
as peter floats out of the other shattered window, he sees aunt may's ring spinning through the air in front of him.
a servant opens the door to announce.
they form a circle, back-to-back, wands poised.
a sphere rises over the great wall of china, another over the pyramids.
holding their wheelie cases, they face each other smiling.
hermione is desperate to answer.
the car rides on past the factory building out of which it turned, and suddenly mounted police come swinging out from the buildings and face the procession.
malfoy and his cronies snigger.
he looks at the tv set inside.
elijah, the taller of the two, but stooping leaning on his stick.
up ahead of them, they see several burning ships on the dark horizon.
slowly drifting across the map towards the west.
there is much excitement.
clouds part reveal paris from above.
then turns back to the wreath beds.
gatsby takes daisy's arm.
he looks up and sees an apprehensive joe watching him.
ron is flustered and blushes with embarrassment.
molly scampers off.
in front of the lake house, benjamin lifts thomas out of the wheelchair and carries him over his shoulders down to a jetty which leads out into the waters of the vast lake.
listens, plays them again.
they nip his fingers with their sharp, little teeth.
mary jane brushes harry's dark hair back from his brow then lets her gaze meet his adoring eyes.
frodo brings a round of drinks to the table.
the lift rises.
they lead the way out onto the external deck.
a young black kid approaches hooper, holding a comic book.
it slides off the man, to reveal the grotesque halloween mask.
gandhi and charlie are riding on the outside of the coach, hanging on through the door, and both enjoying it immensely.
at the door, he almost bumps into cho coming out.
dillinger relaxes his aim.
it consists mostly of lingerie.
she sobs into her hands.
evelle is looking down at the baby, shifting him in his lap.
kate pulls the valance sheet down, hiding zoe from view.
and now the man in black is smashed into a stone pillar, pinned there under the six fingered sword.
it is now morning.
its headlamps are off.
strategically placed cardboard suns and clouds cover her bosom.
she swigs some more coke.
the huge dark tower of barad-dur is being rebuilt!
the captain smiles angrily.
in the wheelhouse, smith stares wide-eyed as water covers the glass windows.
the man in the chair gets to his feet and turns, revealing himself to be walter donovan.
camera moves to a close-up of laurie.
one loses his trousers.
the kid follows willie like a puppy dog as willie checks out the house, bumping open doors, looking around.
jane hands them to tess with a tight smile.
caroline glances at morgan, who's studying her walkie talkie.
it's a fierce battle, and just when we think westley can't possibly win, he flips the ugly rodent clear.
forrest then looks frightened and starts to back away.
debbie drops her cigarette and heads to the house.
a tree-lined river flows through a countryside white with frost.
she races for the door.
by her gestures, she is obviously a professional choreographer.
jane opens her mouth, but no sound comes out.
hannah, her boyfriend, other colleagues and liz sit around a table in the restaurant.
walking almost in single file, like black shadows moving across the landscape.
the sinister man clicks his heels and bows quickly.
in slow motion, the peasants' feet slosh through the water.
nicole tosses her pack.
miss tine, having lunch with two male colleagues in a swanky restaurant, is on the phone to skeeter.
venom falls to his knees.
valjean turns to javert, who holds the pistol steady.
peter leaps to his feet, catches her, then the tray, then the food.
lanterns and streamers hang on cables across the street, and a small stage has been built at one end to hold fiddlers.
frodo slips on some shale.as he scrambles to his feet, the ring falls on the ground.
he fusses daisy.
evan enters his familiar looking dorm and hears the familiar sounds of thumper having sex with another naked gothic co- ed.
ron shakes his head.
edward cracks open an eye, a beat before he focuses.
graham touches her cheek.
he sits by the mannequin of holmes.
a thoughtful peter turns away.
the boat at dawn, being followed closely by the black sailboat, which we can see for the first time is being sailed by a man in black, and his boat almost seems to be flying.
malcolm lets out a deep breath like he just emerged from deep waters.
thousands of flickering torches give the army the look of a moving city in the murky mordor twilight.
indy puts two fingers in his mouth and whistles for his horse, who trots over.
it starts to turn, slowly, stiffly, a clock-wise movement.
just behind her comes percy.
charles turns and leaves the study.
the death eater walks towards the gates.
yellin, keeping the brutes in position, or trying to, shouting orders, instructions and as yet the brutes hold.
it brings them out onto an identical rooftop.
as stella goes out the door, the camera moves in until jeff's head, and the binoculars, are filling the screen.
two german shepherds are running back and forth.
irwin looks at his adc, then paces a bit, pondering it.
a car pulls quickly to a stop just outside the cafe.
marge takes it with one hand and looks, her other hand frozen with a forkful of food.
peter, a sombre expression on his face, turns away.
he goes to kiss her.
he interrupts the dictation, lays down the horn on the desk.
the chamber is flooded with black, briny water.
she opens evan's wallet and leaves a twenty on the table.
jack folds rose's arms around her waist.
barnes stares at his fallen colleague.
one of the houses in front of them moves to the left.
the three convicts, faces upturned, listen raptly to the blind prophet.
zed walks in and stands in front of the two captives.
it spins harry over and over.
she steps aside to let him pass, then ducks down behind it so that she can get through the door.
joe is moving toward the living room, where charles sits on the sofa, eyes glued to the tv, a train crash being reported on the local news; helicopter shot of the wreck.
gazing across the street, he shakes his head.
the massive orc army marching towards aragorn's.
the sharp-suited man wears dark glasses.
we see he's working on the model again, in his own world.
a brown-haired man films himself with a camcorder as he stares out the window at the wreck.
the nurse makes a call.
he quickly checks out his surroundings, nothing but brick walls above him.
jenny looks through them.
zus whacks tuvia in the face.
camera moves with laurie as she walks down the residential street.
graham sees something.
he slips them back on.
jackson leans on the steps and looks across at his sleeping family.
he grabs his cell phone off the passenger seat.
he slams the bathroom door shut.
at this moment, from the song- writer's apartment which has been quiet for a while, comes a new burst of melody.
wearing only shorts, his long hair streaming out behind him, he rides through a dusty landscape of thinly spread out trees and soaring rocky crags.
one by one, the 5 ringwraiths appear.brandishing gleaming swords, they move slowly towards the hobbits.
gittes slaps her again.
but even so the governor feels the game has not quite been played fairly.
jay and kay come out the front of mib headquarters.
a small child is torn from its mother and tossed into the burning building.
sitting by a glamorous, young, blonde tamara, uri looks at his mobile.
as usual he is impeccably dressed.
he looks down and watches freddy wash his hands.
the bartender adds drinks to her tab, totaling over $2,000.
kay grabs a black box, unsnaps a row of latches, and opens it, revealing -- -- the most wicked-looking shotgun on the planet.
he hands sandy the thief's haggard mug shot.
as colin pays, joy mimes giving him a good seeing to, clenching her fists and thrusting her groin.
draco and his slytherin friends don't join in.
she falls to the floor.
freddy turns and walks out of the room.
brock's face appears from within the symbiotic suit.
high on the limestone clifftop, he creates a protective shield.
lizzie kisses her aunt and uncle.
choking, pressed up against the ice, harry can't find the opening where he entered the water.
he is in a wheelchair.
people appear from the fireplaces in flashes of green smoke.
gale, choked up, speaks in a low unsteady voice.
harry flicks his wand, and the elder wand cartwheels through the air across the courtyard.
there's a slip of paper stuck under the windshield wiper.
the all-american players mingle around the food table.
everyone turns to see who said that.
the general points and roars as an inflatable comes into play speeding after bond.
he takes a sip from his beer and looks up, alert.
she jerks awake.
the nazgul defeated, gandalf and the rangers ride towards the safety of minas tirith.
as the crowd rises, dillinger winks at piquett.
nullah hangs his head sadly.
and salieri, wearing decorous black, as usual.
she wakes up in bed, frowns and then looks across at drover lying next to her and smiles, running a hand down his bearded cheek.
dudley is overweight and finds it hard to keep up.
as the three men go inside, the back door opens.
charles arrives on the platform, grabs his camera.
he reorientates the phone screen and throws a food wrapper out of the car window.
the evacuation convoy heads out of town.
he inhales the asthma spray.
she takes the grail diary from him.
the woman backs up and, shielding her eyes, looks toward the roof.
vernon unlocks the padlocks on harry's door.
watson sits alone at the back of the church.
she stops suddenly.
the crowd murmurs in shock.
they stand for a moment, looking at each other.
holly holds a short metal straw of cocaine to her nose and sniffs it.
the principal sighs, then stands up.
the man stares at him for a beat.
she walks away towards the front of the store.
hilary pulls forrest up onto the stage.
the mercedes turns onto robin hood trail.
bond falls towards the expanding people in the eye.
caroline unfolds a letter.
as tess and george leave, kevin walks up.
he turns, to see an extremely pretty young woman gazing adoringly at him while they're jostled and shoved.
karami hangs up and hani takes the phone.
sadiki goes to a computer and opens his mail.
they take their seats in the church.
martin, karen and chili all sit on white couches.
rachel and the children are grouped a short distance behind them.
then pushes out a small drop that slides down the needle.
kay looks up, sharply.
one of the street agents looks to his young partner, who bows his hat.
kyle stews a beat, then picks up the phone to redial.
on it lies odd discarded clothes.
on the sidewalk lies the pint of whiskey, broken.
professor mcgonagall looks anxiously at dumbledore.
the skies are empty above it.
he studies szpilman for a moment, then with a nod orders him to follow.
they're helped out of the water by a girl from beauxbatons.
the dude and walter sit at the counter, both staring off into space, both absently stirring their coffee with little clinking noises.
he smiles warmly and speaks in over-enunciated tones.
she follows rambo out.
she's dancing.
she considers.
venom berziz finds flint, tosses him to one side.
they part with a mutually appreciative gaze, then enjoy the song together amidst the crowded music club.
his shots splinter through the door.
in the motel, tim pulls a large bag of ice from the freezer.
he hides around a corner and catches his breath.
all we see is the top of his head.
the boys are frozen to the spot momentarily and stare at the bow and arrow in the boy's hand.
dissolving the building and loan will alter his plans.
lightoller lifts a revolver.
moriarty feels for his notebook and runs his thumb over the top line in his pocket.
cole holds out the jewelry box.
cherie moves round and catches his attention.
snape is dressed as an old lady with a red handbag.
the mayor takes over as jack has a sidebar meeting with mr. jack continues, into.
sitting on the edge of the tub.
she's holding it upside down.
he keeps his head low and his arms bent as he rides the ducati, which is a cross between a trail bike and a road bike.
a dancer hangs upside-down from the ceiling.
his brow, alarm spreads over his face, and he kneels up on the operating table, the limbs rising with him.
kyle swoops down and gathers the boy into his arms.
behind him, seated, are schikaneder and the three girls we saw before in mozart's apartment.
elliot looks back at her briefly, then, sipping his drink, he turns and looks offscreen at the crowd in the living room.
carl, with the trooper's body hoisted halfway up, is frozen in the headlights.
the centaurs charge firing arrows.
the two men stare at each other through the outer fly screen door.
he throws the pieces into the air.
frodo rushes into bag end.he stops and picks up the ring at his feet.
ron goes, leaving harry alone.
they look towards the sound.
the alien follows the boy into a cemetery filled with rows of white headstones.
the guide disappeared in the hole.
the dog quiets down.
they all look back at the house.
all the police cars are still following about a half a mile behind.
rambo fixes him a glare but remains expressionless.
angela crosses to the window and looks out.
outside the chest room, harry walks cautiously down a flight of white dimly lit stone steps.
as jack heads back to his car, three residents move to him, walk with him, ad lib.
the paper bag with the whisky is on the table.
the students look up apprehensively.
he has her ass in his hands.
mrs. mason is covered in cake and cream.
barnes pulls out his cell phone.
benjamin dozes in a wicker-backed wheelchair.
more neighbors come out to watch.
he throws down the tea bag angrily.
lupin turns, eyes harry affectionately.
people mill around on the marble concourse beneath the newly installed digital clock.
dr. bennett smiles as he checks edward's chart.
potter is peering through the slats of the venetian blind, watching them as they go.
caroline lets go of a yellow helium balloon.
he parks up on his drive and gets out with daisy.
fergus leading dil, dressed in jody's cricket clothes, down the street and inside.
- the three men walk along a red dirt road elevated through a bayou.
lee and elliot can be heard offscreen as the camera slowly moves from the doorway across the empty dining room to reveal them in the midst of an intense conversation.
malfoy finds the remembrall.
he is looking around at the other impulse purchases displayed by the register; he unhooks a bag of balloons.
aunt marge starts to reply, when -- zing!
louis comes running out after her.
marley jumps up at him, but he pushes the dog aside.
he pulls the door down, finally allowing us a clear view as he reaches toward the camera.
holding both her hands in his, he twirls her towards him, twisting her arms across her waist.
he goes to the wall, flips a light switch.
we recognize the man as buddy kane, the real estate king.
he makes to go.
he looks towards the house and through a window, sees marley, dancing with jenny, licking her face.
hermione nudges harry.
the repeated zig-zags and parallel lines glow luscious, opulent gold.
tears fall from his eyes.
nick and kurt are playing video games.
the sun is bright outside.
she leans over, speaking softly.
he goes on pacing up and down.
mr. orange still is moaning loudly from his bullet hit.
he's punched in the face while his arms are pinned behind his back.
his crinkled eyes settle on the dude.
it lands on the grass.
wickham makes his way over to lizzie.
majorek pulls the barrow to where szpilman waits.
emily heads back to the kids.
she picks up a pregnancy kit.
larry and debbie greet the kids when they enter the kitchen.
the officer rolls over.
as she lies unresponsive, he barrages her with lazy slaps.
fergus leads jody outside, holding the gun against him.
he sees a convoy of vehicles traveling along an adjacent road.
mj stares at peter and turns her head away.
jason and ronnie sit with desi.
the soldier hands forrest a large pile of letters.
david stands silhouetted in the doorway.
mr. cunningham looks around the room and then directly at cole.
he clears his throat and then he kisses her.
the judge is flipping through documents on the case, a troubled frown on his face.
lenny is rising to his feet beyond them as hi nods encouragement to ed.
it glides on to the table and slithers towards the dead woman.
don stares at the obstruction, completely mystified.
he lunges at her suddenly with the knife.
he simply smiles.
her face goes beatifically blank as she sails through a massive starfield, millions of stars, billions of green, verdant planets, all racing by her at the speed of light.
then suddenly the drapes close and she's gone.
jude is driving, maguire next to her.
she stubs out the cigarette and takes down the guilt frame photo.
she moves and kneels before him.
a second skeletal figure floats closer above his face.
at dusk, joe cycles up a steep hill and goes in through the gates of a cemetery at the top.
juno nods wryly, then her expression brightens.
she reacts to the feel of the knitting needles and pulls one out.
he beckons to asael across the dark narrow street where the people have gathered.
gandalf walks the battlements as the huge boulders rain onto the orc army below.
she hangs up.
reaching it, they pause in front of it.
he hides the bottle behind a bible.
the clerk points across the lobby and says something to him.
pippin as he stealthily manages to pour oil on the wood and set a flame to it!
sandy wakes up and reaches for his neck.
jinnah too is listening now -- aloofly, challengingly.
he peers at the contact sheet through a magnifying eye-glass to see two portly middle aged gentlemen holding glasses of wine.
rick isn't listening to him.
peter hands robby, the sub-editor, the original print from which brock has faked the bank robbery shot.
in a sudden surprise move, she swings his chair completely around so that his back is to the window.
we reveal that debbie is watching security cam footage of the store.
when he is finished, he lies almost limp in her arms and she gently lowers him to the mat.
ben starts to get up.
he somehow makes it to where mr. orange lies.
he and alice exchange a look.
they are now chattering among themselves, holly forgotten.
the car, moving speedily south on the highway to santa barbara.
suddenly and fiercely she pushes him away.
a teasing glimpse of gollum being tortured by the orcs.
drawers fly open and wand boxes catapult on to the floor.
fergus holds the gun to his face.
the image of a face forces itself through the glowing embers.
he sits on his bed.
he wears round glasses and has wispy, white hair around the sides of his shiny, bald head.
pull back to a wide shot of the room, lit only by the light from the television set.
the cops open fire and get blasted from the alfa.
a gentleman is in the lift with them.
harry stands on the edge of the toilet.
the station wagon moves closer.
he holds a pocket spectral analyzer over a section of scorched earth.
the door opens and michal dzikiewicz enters.
m&m's scatter wildly across the empty floor, and the ruckus is heard o.c.
jack and rose run through the smoky boiler room, past men shoveling coal.
ron grins broadly.
phyllis has the glasses now.
gandalf turns angrily on pippin.
scobie looks around -- there is an open door at the end of a short hall.
trunks and boxes are being ferried out of netherfield.
jeff looks for thorwald's number in the directory.
now, they sit in a living room.
enrique takes the gun from his holster and checks the magazine.
bert holds a hand to his temple, unnerved by fats' discomposure.
harlan is leaning close to thelma's head, and she pulls her head away.
diana opens a window.
mickey pauses for a moment, collecting his thoughts.
she points over to the window and lizzie and her mother quickly hurry over to see for themselves.
annie points up ahead and quickly hides the joint.
whip looks away, then back at nicole as she runs back through a worn fence.
his reverie is broken by the sound of a voice outside--dave's.
outside, carl is down.
harry can't take his eyes off her.
the bishop looks from the silver to valjean.
sheer cliffs rise up on either side of the canyon, the bottom of which is in shadow.
indy turns around and pummels two sailors with one punch.
his look of joy turns to horror!
he lands heavily, scrambles up, furious, darts after it.
on the ice - player one staggers a bit, then quickly rights his jersey and lunges at player two, landing a barrage of his own punches.
it is open and he wears a white vest and dog tags underneath.
dante repairs ripped dollar bills, taping them back together.
she sticks her hands on her coat pockets.
umbridge snaps her pencil.
all eyes turn to evan as he takes his lit cigarette, breaks off the filter and jams the fuse into the unlit end.
and gandhi laughs.
a woman holds a chicken out to him.
he sinks numbly to a stool, sitting, holding his head in his hands.
furrowing her brow, rose chokes back tears as she strokes jack's hand.
dyle stops in his tracks, pondering what to do.
in the bathroom, she squats in front of moon-faced mae mobley, who's sitting on a child's toilet seat.
his eyes search again -- they finally lock on the wedding video playing.
harry touches the ring.
emily looks out of the window to see ben working in the garden.
phyllis bends towards him and puts her arms around him.
pippin's face as merry strides away.
the gun explodes, setting fire to the other soldier's phosphorous dusted clothes.
he stops as professor umbridge, the former undersecretary, rises smiling primly.
bleeker putting on double socks in his car-bed.
angle on will, still fuming with righteous anger.
father j lets himself in as walt lights up a cigarette.
bleeker stands in the doorway.
jamal is outside javed's luxurious house.
she begins to walk the length of the harbor towards the walkway.
he sends up a red spark into the air.
snape spots him.
his left hand often rises, as if to ward off some invisible blow.
debbie and desi are talking as they walk down the stairs into a loud club.
he puts it on his bedside table and switches off his lamp.
the man's face begins to crumble.
cross shakes his head.
ron and hermione stand frozen, exchange a nervous glance, and.
she throws her arms around him and pulls him to her.
standing at the far lip of each grave is a rough pine coffin.
the queen fiddles with her pearl necklace.
the ladies curtsy.
the shape springs backward, clawing at the needle, rolling his head back and forth.
their pov from second window building opposite and street: ss men herding a couple of dozen prisoners from the building opposite.
she kicks the trunk.
one of the spectators urges holmes on.
theoden moves towards her, taking up her hand.
they head for spider-man, who leaps acrobatically to avoid them.
the man slowly turns and looks down at the boy standing next to him.
emily takes them to the sink, leaving the nurse, kate, at the table.
natalie holds up the photo.
following george and mary as they dance.
she puts the dry cleaning into the correct closet and is about to leave the book when.
she peers into the jewel, and her face washes over with amazement.
yolanda can't stand it anymore.
he is peeling off one dollar bills.
gin turns back to the boy.
as he ascends the stairs, madame hucheloup tries to get him to give the tankards back.
the russian policemen and helmeted soldiers come into view below them.
david follows him with the hood of his cape up against the teeming rain.
harry looks up to see bo catlett, dressed up as usual, standing there with the bear, wearing a hawaiian shirt.
as david's cab cruises through another intersection, the bureau officers run through an art gallery bumping a bystander.
once again, he's looking down from high above.
he smiles and bows uneasily, as they include him in the small ovation.
scientist explaining something to a group of senior officers.
gabriel drops the knife and falls to his knees as gouts of blood drip off michael's sword.
daisy walks towards the telephone and lifts the receiver.
the man returns his stare with a frown, then reaches out to his console.
another student shines a light in peter's face.
barnes dodges traffic as he races past pavements full of panicking pedestrians.
she slowly walks through the diner with her arms held stiffly away from her sides.
frodo's foot slips and for a brief moment he is hanging precariously from the rock-face.
she smiles, then she gets up and returns to the kitchenette.
the sound of a car, and marching feet.
the crewman pushes jack back.
debbie snatches his computer tablet and leaves.
ben is bending from the waist down and pulling up weeds.
as barnes rounds a corner, he heads down a quiet street.
clarence is not getting far with george.
mia moves away to attend to both.
holding the card to his mouth, he breathes on the strip, then wipes the card on his jacket.
the fork in the tunnel brings joe out quite close to her.
then she starts to cry and starts to fall, but bert holds her up by the shoulders.
ryan looks down.
the owl flies off.
pan as nelec moves back -- we push in on overmyer, who sits near the front, putting on his dark gloves.
she holds up a newspaper cutting.
she rolls the apple to the baby.
the director and his assistants all smile.
he scoops up the baby and hurriedly tiptoes away toward the nursery.
he sees the metal hand.
the next day, he drives his car along a narrow road leading to a village.
above, edgar just keeps climbing.
they smile.
daisy throws back the bed covers.
ron gives her a warning look.
snape watches them with a somber expression.
two women present an enormous check for 20 million rupees to jamal.
a withdrawing view of them reveals a suited man in a fedora, standing at the foot of the bed.
forrest runs down a road between field of wheat.
it approaches in slow motion.
gittes is looking around it.
as she turns away, malfoy smirks.
as hilly try to stop her, rips her sleeve.
seeing kitty's distress, mr. bennet's face falls, and he leaves the room.
harry stands in the covered walkway.
eddie, his coat off, rubs his hand nervously.
greene oozes charm as he shakes an older man's hand.
bond straightens his tuxedo.
workmen are behind it, scraping away mulwray's name on the outer door, looking up at gittes in some surprise.
the cabbie stops his car and rushes to the fallen man.
she takes out her glock .
she lands in a quagmire.
brian wrinkles his nose with distaste as bremner, sat beside giles, winks at him.
harry, leading ron and hermione toward hagrid's hut.
fergus strains and roars from the bed.
neff, behind him, looks anxiously down the hallway for phyllis.
they sink down, moving their shoulders seductively from side to side.
he's staring straight into her eyes.
archive footage shows a younger diana driving away from reporters.
alice follows louis back into the house, leaving an awkward looking joe standing on the veranda.
hannah, carrying a tray of hors d'oeuvres, walks up behind the distracted elliot.
peter has gone.
they abruptly step apart staring at each other.
he stands glowering at them, then sees a pow rise from a group, wretched, shabby, unshaven.
girls wheel over the brighton promenade in the sunshine.
as four men exit an suv, richardson sits facing david.
he drops the lighter fluid, picks up a wooden plank and swings!
and now he gets the response he has wanted.
he flicks a switch on it.
zoe stands up and strides peevishly towards the yellow cab.
there is easily twenty thousand dollars worth of equipment in this room.
abdul ghaffar khan sits quietly in the background.
aunt marge turns upside down showing her bloomers and floats into the conservatory.
the hippie stops to ponder this profound thought.
draco smirks at his cronies as harry scrambles up and points his wand.
annie's car stops at the police cars.
barnes turns and runs out off the van.
audrey glances up at the old woman who grins and looks over at howard and sandra.
one bridesmaid falls over.
gittes approaches her.
tommy nudges darren to move down the hall.
pyarelal sits inconspicuously behind him.
helen turns away from wick, leans against the wall, hoping he won't see that she's crying.
sing song winks.
remus reaches out to nymphadora.
flint shoots ben.
it's tess' turn to look stunned.
nat pours the drink, then returns to squeezing lemons.
it's neville, who bends down to pick up the sorting hat.
he tosses the book down on the blanket and offers a hand.
joe turns back to the blood stained wreckage.
the gardiners are with her.
jerry sits staring at his lap.
javed's men draw their weapons.
her lips move again.
willie's walk brings him to a fancy eatery at lunchtime.
she smiles brightly at something behind fergus.
they run through the deserted ministry of magic.
the hooded figure of david dunne steps into a narrow laundry room.
joe offers alice a candy.
he looks off at the crowd.
in 1928, a blizzard lashes the karakoram mountains in india.
evan's eyes fixate on the leg-restraints and handcuffs that hinder jason's movement.
emily looks astonished and stares at him, brow furrowed.
his cronies pull up their hooded cloaks.
john stares at jenny, then shakes his head.
he goes to open the jewelry box.
suddenly, he grabs the chain of the locket.
desperately she tries the door, glancing behind her.
he looks around the kitchen.
in the distance, they see again the dog and the werewolf fighting by the willow tree.
they stand there for a long moment: she looks away; he looks down at the floor.
as the truck pulls out, it passes a dejected edward.
later, graham counts the takings.
holmes and moriarty both smile.
she reaches the school bus stop and grinds the sole of her left boot on the ground.
sam shoots him, startling veronica.
as big dan's look reaches front again, his smile fades.
he pulls a priming pin from the bomb and covers the explosive with leaves.
zed motions them off to the left.
ron raises his eyes to hermione.
ron whispers to hermione.
roaring along.
he passes the man outside the cafe.
he locks the nose onto pete's chain and levers the arms.
the secretary returns, sees the workman on the floor.
the teller, knowing the old man's vagaries, points to one of the numerous string tied around his fingers.
the lead police car broadsides one.
he swings along beside the elevated track, then bounds over high buildings and flings himself down.
showing tract, lot, parcel, even a metes and bounds designation where the description of the land parcel is long and hopelessly involved e.g.
the car pulls over beside jenny.
a waitress comes by with a pot of coffee.
tears streaming down her face, rose runs onto the poop deck at the rear of the ship.
but joe suddenly knows -- he moves to the blood -- reaches below the wheels -- the others watch, freaked out.
she finds her black and white dress.
as he looks at the stage, his imagination is working at top speed.
they stand for a moment staring at each other.
still thrashing, jean crashes against the upstairs railing, trips on the curtain and falls, thumping crazily down the stairs.
she bites her thumb.
he grabs birdie's shoulder; birdie half-rises, and falls face down on floor.
the barmaid comes over to join them and sniffs his empty glass.
the train goes faster.
she stops dead on seeing the elderly resident staring at their rooms, at her.
from the opposite direction comes a male nurse.
a bearded man with name tag rises.
on a dark, rain-sodden pitch, bremner, in a yellow leeds shirt, slides down a derby player.
alison chuckles to herself as she watches the debacle.
jeep sees them.
the outline becomes more and more clear.
and then pours out some tea for both of them.
lying down, they passionately kiss.
reluctantly, he wrinkles his nose and snorts like a pig, hopping from one foot to another, his limp wrists held up to his chest.
cal points to a seat between a man and woman who are chatting.
she notices him and beams.
he's breathing heavy now, wheezing actually.
the man starts to whistle again.
he pulls some tic tacs out of his pocket.
the crowd turn to the windows, then back to george.
she laughs and sprints away.
the being is lying on a gurney wearing gray hospital pajamas and an oxygen mask.
gittes' back is to the red faced farmer.
they begin a retreat, but are picked off one by one.
they just sit looking at the grand canyon.
her hand reaches back in the pocket and pulls out his zippo lighter.
she sighs, angry at all women, herself included, and turns away.
voldemort strokes the snake.
(same old man who took a porn mag to the bathroom.)
and they watch, as the man from the sky, steps into the flaming surround.
morning, kate and zoe are in zoe's bed.
some noise is emanating from the changing room catches attention.
madame thenardier shoves her husband.
jason gazes into her eyes.
tom drives recklessly at speed, narrowly missing one car and overtaking several others.
she takes him to a men's store.
doyle smiles at jeff, and then strolls over to the table where he puts out his cigarette and puts down the brandy snifter.
they are deeper into the grove now.
harry stands on the very top of the curved head.
he meekly shuffles away to the opposite side of the pool table from the cackling greeks.
reggie looks to where jean-louis is pointing -- to the top of the high armoire.
he peers down the platform through beady eyes.
part of the web gives way.
she tosses a dime to jack.
as julian and marisol cruise by, they overhear a witness.
he drops the crutches off the train onto the tracks, then quickly swings his body over the rail.
he appears to be transforming.
she follows him downstairs.
every cabinet and every drawer is wide open.
an employee, seeing him draw near, ducks into an unseen office.
the lightning sand, as westley, lungs long past the bursting point, explodes out; he has buttercup across his shoulders and as he pulls to the edge of the lightning sand pit, using the vine.
kate gets back to her paperwork.
brian stand beside three grinning young men before the assembled press below the leeds united sign in front of the stadium.
she's looking up to evelyn, speaking in spanish.
lucius hands the diary to dobby and leans close to harry.
the camera resumes following a smiling lee.
harry looks around the kitchen with delight.
with furrowed brows and heavy walk, he returns to the mantel piece, putting a distance between them.
a guy in an suv drives along a deserted freeway, a half smoked cigarette in his mouth.
he turns to look at the radio again.
louise goes into the store for a chocolate yoohoo.
his eyes flit from hers to her mouth.
rose watches the girl places a napkin on her lap with her small gloved hands.
harry chats with cho as they walk through the courtyard.
he moves to the ticket booth.
clean- shaven, well-fed, transformed: it's valjean.
sarah makes her way down the aisle and joins them at the table.
short silence, as the other men look at preacher without liking.
they carefully lower the sheriff.
it is lighted by a faint blue light, but the lights are on in the anteroom and some light comes through the glass doors.
he looks to the side.
he leans down, opens a cupboard door and takes out a long-focus lens.
bert gets into his car and follows.
the metal harness snaps into position around his waist.
a hearse and several cars are parked outside a large catholic church.
he lurches threateningly to his feet.
her eyes get somewhat misty.
he feels very high.
they lift the wooden cover and stare down into the black hole beneath.
mrs. donovan sighs to herself and returns to the party.
he stares at her.
he storms out of the apartment.
big chuck spreads his legs in the air.
holden and alyssa lie in each other's arms, moonlight bathing them.
the remote has triggered the glider.
they exchange a handshake.
everyone else does the same thing.
from ear to ear.
his shadow casts on the side of the sheet tent as he carries her out.
she wipes his nose.
watching from the door, nick takes off his boater and gestures for gatsby to tidy his hair.
then he shuffles sleepily to the door.
the rhythmic rising and falling now travels up the shirt.
young george pets a goat.
he shifts into second gear, climbing a steep little hill.
tim lays a hand gently on a scar on emily's naked breast and kisses it.
he closes the garage door.
flash thompson bumps him.
mj quickens her step as the two youths approach.
he again hums the bass vocal line from the beginning, conducting.
they turn: a car comes, fast -- push in on joe who studies the oncoming car, as behind him.
as harry clears the dishes, uncle vernon brings out a bottle of brandy.
vanessa awkwardly leads them into her home.
evan can be seen playing the piano as they continue their conversation.
kate shifts awkwardly as nick puts on his scarf.
he is carrying a baby wrapped in rags.
perched awkwardly on a canoe, will's made it through another file cabinet.
beams from the robot are locked on the reapers.
but his voice is softer.
indy takes a few steps forward.
a web come from spider man catches her, and she springs back up.
as she climbs into the truck, the small boat sails into view by the wharf.
four nazi radiomen and the woman are still hard at work with controls and coordinates.
nick reaches out his hand.
she smiles in delighted disbelief and he grins, his hand casually in his left pocket, as they come together.
he peeks through a crack in the tank.
gittes gets out of the car, glances around, goes up the stairs.
pete starts dancing around like it is fun.
on the upper landing, long, thin fingers tap the stone balustrade patiently.
cedric picks one.
morgan slowly lowers the receiver and looks at it.
wearing an evening dress, rose joins him.
she takes the strawberry blonde wig off and comes over.
they go into a building and pass two men wheeling a coat-of -arms shaped cake on a trolley.
louise is hanging up the phone.
continuing onto a busy street, pete cuts off a car that narrowly avoids him.
he paces at the edge of the sheer drop.
the people ignore george and remain standing in front of the teller's window.
grubby kids gaze over the training ground from streets of terraced houses.
as if his eyes not longer see the way before his feet.
brody and sallah follow them.
luna follows harry.
gatsby whispers something to daisy and leads her away through the slow-dancing couples.
from across the street we get the full, odd perspective: a store with many men gliding around on the roof.
smiling, harry joins his friends.
lester leans against the counter, drinking his shake directly from the blender pitcher, eyeing her.
quince appears, flushed with excitement.
he dismounts from his gray horse,
it thunks into the plank, piercing it through.
slowly, she brings the phone to her ear, flashing a smile at a man who's just got into the lift.
the exterior of the majestic theater on broadway, a yellow cab pulls up outside the theater.
he joins a group of patrons who stand near a tiered section of stage.
the two walk off together into the night.
he goes out the door, nearly running into a man who is standing by the secretary's desk, about gittes' age only a head taller and a foot wider, dressed in a plain suit that fits him about as well as a brown paper bag.
harry moves towards the bird and smiles at the odd-looking creature.
it is a command, and angry in its own way, but it carries all the weight of his influence on them.
patients are wheeled hastily through the hospital corridors.
the balls are already racked and ready.
they move closer together.
evan doubles back, grabs lenny's arm and he and tommy drag lenny through the woods as fast as they can.
still in air force uniform, jack makes his way though the evacuation center.
harry nods to ron, then walks along the corridor.
the woman jogs out barefoot.
clad in a flowing black halter dress, elise arrives with a friend.
preacher gets and pockets the knife.
they walk into vanessa.
at a gas station, sandy fills up as diana emerges from the car.
he goes back to the bureau, opens a drawer, takes out some t- shirts and the beer can and carries them to the suitcase.
carrying a mop and bucket, he crosses a hallway and waits for another guard to open another barred door.
he looks in on sleeping colleen, then checks on the boys in their bunks.
pink is in the passenger seat.
guns swing round to aim at javert.
commentators watch as brian mutters furiously.
the snow gently falls.
harry pushes his way through a group of students.
jules raises his hand off the briefcase.
the mob is smaller now.
they are both silent.
as he picks up the receiver, stella pushes his hand down again.
wearing sydney's jacket, alison puts a song on in his bedroom.
the woman smiles menacingly as she thrusts her wrists forward.
the queen walks down a corridor and addresses a footman.
she smiles, turns and boards the boat.
lynn is one of them.
sandy watches the man leave.
some are so engrossed in dancing they continue at top speed.
thrown by the abruptness  pausing briefly outside simon's door then continues on her way
at this charlie goes white, the realization hitting her.
as people take to the floor again, lizzie joins jane and mary, who are standing with sir william's daughter, charlotte.
he sets the time clock.
the squad car identified by the number 1127 on it's roof drives past buildings.
miranda takes in andy's attire.
he opens it and enters.
professor flitwick strides across the cobbled courtyard and points his wand in the air.
the police chief heads downstairs to his four by four and dumps the money on the backseat.
zoe runs off.
jenny hangs her head.
joe rides along a hillside.
as trelawney eyes harry's crystal, hermione rolls her eyes.
bare-chested, holmes climbs out of the compartment and shims along the side of the carriage.
the boyish aide checks his book.
bringing the horse to a halt, he stares from the hilltop, over at pemberley, which can just be glimpsed through the trees.
colin's shirt is covered in champagne.
he emerges into a rec room where he and we rush past two kids playing ping-pong.
he stares between the pages of his embossed dancing elk prep yearbook.
during one of the periods when the spotlight is on the orchestra, rick slips the letters of transit into the piano.
the troops watch impassively.
the woman climbs on the bed.
sandy stands up and eyes the room.
the general walks away, leaving a pensive norman.
she wears a spangly mini top hat.
from inside the hood comes a sniffing noise as if he is trying to catch an elusive scent; his head turning from side to side.
he hands them to laszlo, who takes them gratefully.
sam looks up at the orc tower and then at sting which is glowing blue!
amos and cedric separate and walk off.
and tucks the gun into his belt.
she continues rotating the brandy.
inside the institute of astro physics university of new delhi they stand on a rickety, descending limb.
he nods pleasantly to all and leaves the stage, with his chamberlain.
his hand shakes a little as he holds it out to him.
he backs away.
he walks through the room and out onto the balcony.
she keeps playing.
he stares into ken's eyes with his brow raised.
he starts to walk unhurriedly through the crowd.
salieri ignores him and stares only at the priest, who stares back.
bart the hangman joins him with a silent salute.
licking its chops, the dog approaches the helpless edward, who feels the ground around him, looking for some kind of weapon.
the headlights sweep off and a car hums past and on into the background.
nick sits looking sleepy as others work around him.
she texts back.
we see surly knots of belligerent rowdies, mostly young, but not all, hanging on the fringes as we move over the heads of the mass of listening people to a platform where nehru speaks.
david watches and starts to walk backwards, swallowing hard, and glancing at other people as they pass by.
she can't help to grin back.
she sees two stains above her.
tex, without a word, throws the still-lit match into the booth, onto reggie's lap.
on screen, gable turns away from powell, who draws a deep breath and heads into a cellblock.
the gray skin is coming apart as the surgeon drops the bullet into a sample tube.
the posse of cops surround him, keeping him covered as the screen fades slowly.
the next day, mj comes to visit.
gordon pulls the controlls up.
alice has been made up, wears a coat with purse.
kitty bolts from the room in tears, passing jane in the hall.
purvis glares after the car riding steadily away.
he props him up, and mike screams in pain.
she treads silently up to the door of the parlor, then walks inside to find her sister and mr. bingley standing together at the mantelpiece.
the alien puts alice down and immediately goes to investigate the noise.
a crowded tourist beach by a majorcan hotel.
andrea grabs the pocket book off the coffee table and heads back into the kitchen.
billie removes the receiver from her ear and clutches it against the base of her neck, resting her chin on her knuckles.
as elliot's thoughts are heard over the scene, lee glances around the loft, then begins to walk away.
harry, now morphed into albert runcorn, a man with dark hair.
findley spots bert, takes a long drag on his cigarette, and saunters toward them.
george returns ben's kindly stare with a slight smile.
in the bridge, hichens keeps the wheel turned hard left.
he licks his lips and clenches his jaw.
he holds up a torch.
lisa dashes back into the bedroom just in time to avoid being seen by thorwald as he opens the door and enters the apartment.
they pass some people, a cluster of buildings that look like castles, and the manhattan skyline as seen through the trees, as the camera moves back, farther and farther away from them, showing a beautiful central park, frozen in time.
they stop outside a door.
now the black clad intervention team marches into a records archive where rows of bookcases shelve white-spine volumes.
he sidles nervously to a chair and sits down.
one of them looks through some binoculars.
nick takes a key from the rock.
a third man is now coming down the hall from the bedroom.
pete sighs and follows his father back inside.
on the lower deck is a row of beds, one of which is occupied.
they head out.
kay, fiftyish, is the apotheosis of world-weary; his partner, dee, mid-sixties, is just weary.
emily snatches andy's briefcase.
sydney limps up to alison who sits alone in the half-light with a bottle of wine in her lap, gently rocking on a swing.
another trooper runs through the throng, brandishing a flare billowing red smoke.
the kid does.
a group of black kids play in the front yard.
jeep looks up from the keys to see charlie, audrey and the baby.
fergus looks back.
a bullet kills the soldier standing next to forrest.
luke picks up the phone.
one is the mustached stranger's superior.
helen is left with the leopard coat and his bowler.
now there are no mob voices; only the ominous sound of fifty-odd people marching in step.
she listens sullenly.
she looks very anxious.
graham looks around and puts a comforting hand on morgan's shoulder before kneeling down in front of the frightened boy.
noah zips the door closed on jackson.
the perp leaps over a moving car, towards the guggenheim museum.
she gives a good-natured shrug and carries on her way.
he gazes at her as she walks away.
fletcher stares in angry disbelief as the drover jumps his horse into the holding yard.
as they're near the entrance, the office gives the convict a little shove.
the colonel goes.
jules slams the case closed, then sits back, as if offering the case to pumpkin.
the old man is wandering up to the house carrying a lit torch.
dr. seduku has both an accent and a lisp.
bright light shines on him and a blue light ring falls over his and opens the collar around his neck.
we can barely hear a distant siren.
griphook walks towards the gate, he looks back, then climbs the stairs.
two pedestrians help the shaken butch out of the wreckage.
he pulls her schoolbooks out of the carton and takes her purse.
kay and dee move past him and approach the row of nervous immigrants.
he rips the cigar out of his mouth and slams it back into the drawer, closing it fiercely.
rick follows her and takes her in his arms.
but mary has disappeared from the window.
the camera pulls back as lisa starts around the apartment turning on the lights.
brandt is handing him a letter-sized envelope which is distended by something inside.
two more webs pull a wall down on top of him.
joe tests the springs.
frodo turns to leave.
fawkes swoops off.
some men pray.
snape looks unconvinced.
the snatchers fire with their wands and start gaining on them.
lewis joins the other mercenaries.
hannah, crying, blows her nose.
near one, a man lights a flare and holds it aloft, illuminating a vast crowd.
a sudden terrifying shriek rends the air.
eddie shuts the door.
looks at the bedside clock, and very gingerly rises, puts on his coat, and walks out.
laszlo walks up and casually takes a place at the bar next to berger.
in an fbi field office, a chubby agent shows a jacket.
the dark lord's face fills with fury.
they both stop.
walt sits at his kitchen table cleaning his colt .45.
the salesman has prepared a dinner tray, and is carrying it from the kitchen, through the living room, into the bedroom.
vincent is slow to answer.
and the gate starts to close.
hannah picks up a large bowl and carries it, as well as her armload of spices, into the pantry area.
he opens a small blue tin and takes out ron's rat.
ben driving his car sound: an envelope being read.
kate stares as she sees zoe.
ba settles back defiantly.
at the police station, the plump identity thief stands in front of a height chart.
they head for the door at the end of a long narrow passage.
diana jolts up to her hands and knees and looks around.
now, graham parker leads the guests in song.
gimli suddenly rushes forward!
he closes the phone and hands it back.
louis looks over at jack, who gives him the briefest of glances.
baby face drops onto his back.
forrest's platoon is attacked.
one boy opens it, revealing holly.
slowly amazed at the unexpected depth and truth she brings to this role.
the soldiers run through the jungle as bullets explode all around.
when he looks back, audrey's eyes are open.
she turns around and for the first time she sees george.
he gets an arrow in the back.
seeing security guards heading their way, a quick-thinking sandra shoves a nearby cart into them, bowling them down.
fergus has a gun in his hand.
luke leans over and snatches it from her.
at the plateau edge, a guard looks down the steep precipice as a horse and rider move along the ridge.
both draw knives.
then, he picks up a bowl and hurls it at the wall.
nicole gets out of the car and runs up to the second floor of a small run-down apartment complex.
dumbledore sets a foot on a half-submerged crystalline rock.
they kiss each other lightly, then stronger, more passionately, their embrace much tighter.
six windows serve like skylights over the cockpit.
indy finally delivers the punch that sends the turkish agent flying overboard.
lights it with a lighter and drops it in.
nehru bends to gandhi.
carolyn stares at him, unsure of how to respond.
they hold hands.
at the top of the stairs, he waits and watches.
ferris aims a pistol and shoots nizar in the head.
jay looks down.
she stops by the door and looks in at nigel, who is examining some contact sheets on an illuminated desktop.
the group is seated as they watch forrest and jenny take vows on the front lawn.
joe goes.
he nervously brushes off the sparks from his clothes.
a full moon appears, half hidden by clouds.
parrish hesitates, nods, conceding the point, reaches for the doorknob.
the customer stands silently, awaiting something.
a whipcrack effect builds to the cut and.
an oblong box with purple wrapping is propped on the seat of a bench facing him.
as we pull away the stranger swivels in to the bar.
dark except for a little light coming from inside the parlor car.
the green goblin shoots off into the night.
he looks from pete to everett, and nods agreeably.
and pulls the baby monitor out of the back pocket of morgan's jeans.
leans her against the wall, then goes to the window to check the street outside.
looking upside down into the station, he sees the man glance back before vaulting the ticket barrier.
he flips the rock away.
mary peels off her glasses and leaves the piano, head bowed.
at the outdoor theater, the audience leave their seats.
john takes pearl's hand.
he pins harry against the fireplace.
peter, wearing a blue jumper over a blue shirt and jeans and clutching a small posy of flowers, stops in his tracks as he spots mary jane standing alone in the middle of a graceful cast iron bridge.
he stares ahead, catatonic, then drops his head in his hands.
a swarm of photographers are waiting hungrily outside of the entrance of a grand building.
a security guard chases the thief as his colleague attends the fallen man.
inside the conveyance we see old salieri wrapped in blankets, half-conscious, being held by the hospital attendants.
her parents are downstairs in the kitchen.
skeeter walks back the same way she came, with a more relaxed pace, a thoughtful look on her face.
the boys taunt the guard, turn a corner, and suddenly run into their mother.
forrest begins to walk down the aisle.
malbin looks anxiously across at tuvia, who wipes his eyes leveled on the old man's face as he breathes his last.
she brushes his forehead with the back of her hand.
he casts a disgusted glance in the direction of his fleeing companions -- then sets off after indy.
red-haired daisy watches as he heads off.
alyssa offers the singer an embarrassed half-smile.
vanessa is joking around with a friend's little girl in the mall play area.
she kisses jack and makes her way out of the office.
they splat against a wooden door in a drift of feathers.
he leads them into a military camp past a soldier on horseback
they step outside and she winces against a gust of wind.
spider walks over to thao.
her hands splattered with blood.
the weights bang down onto the armrest.
he throws it to hermione who quickly puts it into the lock.
she trots over the field towards netherfield hall, standing proudly in the distance.
the singer is raised up the set on a decorator's cradle.
carl gets out of an airport shuttle bus.
takes flight, clumsily it buffets to rooftops and chimneypots before soaring into the air with the thames winding far below.
jan rises to go to the cashier.
we pan, with slowly streaming weeds, and bring in willa in close profile; the current, coming from behind her, drifts her long hair across her throat.
they struggle desperately.
he half-turns and takes a used newspaper.
angela lies beneath us, embarrassed and vulnerable.
on the other end, a boyish agent, sam cowley, nods, hangs up, and grabs some maps.
joe makes his way past it, looking for the others.
he grabs her wrist as she fires.
vanessa is admiring the belly, when juno grimaces.
he walks through the open-plan newsroom, fists clenched in triumph.
bo catlett leans on the railing, looks down at yayo again.
hermione walks down the stairs.
as he walks by.
abby blinks, surprised.
on the wall behind ferris is a black cloth with a gold disk and arabic script on it.
her face is a bleeding mass of contusions.
hannah, reacting, chuckles.
butch sits at a table wearing a red and blue high school athletic jacket.
he uses the simpler, open hand bridge to support his cue.
mike approaches them.
king george stands and watches the destruction rage all around him.
she is only wearing her bra and panties.
one is shot and the other bayoneted in the stomach while his face is held down by an army boot.
hagrid takes him into the leaky cauldron public house.
closing the case.
hooper fills the frame.
he salutes back.
he stops and pulls a wad of mail out of the mailbox.
sam goes to drain his glass.
holly glances at mickey once again, this time unable to contain her annoyance.
white flowers float on the surface of the rooftop swimming pool as immaculately dressed glitterati mingle and sip champagne.
the boy stares at his bloody hands.
a crow lands beside them as they anxiously watch the cottage.
a massive shell is loaded into the breach.
camera holds on it while we hear the grandfather's voice reading.
still in the shadows, spider-man drops the final assailant to the ground.
the ferret is flung up and down helplessly.
jamal daydreams and remembers a young latika standing on the tracks as the train pulls away.
still holding in his hand, the philosopher's stone which flickers and glows a rich, deep, red.
a bright ball of light is moving through the dark sky above the illuminated city.
he looks across the hall and spies emily with molly and hannah.
they look up and he is wildly pointing to his lap.
dudley lies helpless beneath the other dementor.
then takes a step forward towards his reflection.
her hands are covered in his blood.
they stroll along the platform and sit down on a bench.
his hand slips away from the railing.
lizzie turns her attention back to the dance floor where the red haired girl is eyeing wickham coyly.
a female oriental doctor checks his notes.
the colonel rips off his headset in frustration.
spinning away from him, she takes her glass and goes to a corner of the room.
henry throws the vase against the wall where it shatters.
inigo, now with a small coil of rope, hurries back to the edge and hurls it over.
flashbacks of ben running through the night.
martini and george, assisted by three of the martini children, are carrying out the last of the furniture.
he turns from the windows and looks to malcolm.
susan seems distracted.
abby looks out at the dance floor, seeing that even the worst dancers are great.
a black arrow suddenly thuds into boromir's chest.
the boys use a piece of driftwood as a float.
raising an arm to stab.
hermione looks at ron anxiously.
done in cracked oils, the whole bit.
they set the trunk on the grass, and oliver takes out a large, red ball.
spotting the trio, he looks away.
in slow motion, he hurries toward the van with his mouth dropped open.
the background is dark.
now she looks at him as if he's lost his mind.
as a flicker of fear passes through harry's face, bem, a nigerian boy, stares grimly at the grainy image of black.
smartly dressed, he looks every inch a gentleman.
he wants to start down the street but about twenty-five feet away stand two middle-aged hokinson ladies, one of them kerbing her dog on a leash.
sydney opens the bedroom door.
rambo maneuvers a cobra into the crate and slams down the lid.
but she keeps crying.
kyle picks off a few of them.
butterbur hiding behind his bar trembling and sweating in terror.
there is just the slightest acknowledgment and then prakash lifts his eyes to the gate, as though to tell them to be about their business.
a doctor in a white coat enters a hospital ward.
henry does -- and the exploding gun nearly shakes him out of his seat.
jane becomes suspicious as tess stands blocking the doorway.
desi sits back and smiles.
the boyish officer checks his map book.
he kicks dobby down the stairs, then hits him with a stick.
gandhi glances at tyeb mohammed and baker, then stiffens, plainly frightened by the challenge, but just as plainly determined to take it.
the camera is behind them.
she never looks up.
embarrassed, john leaves the shot.
elsa leads the way inside.
gimli snatches up two rusty dwarf axes and leaps onto the tomb.
minnie joins aibileen in the kitchen and makes a beeline for a dish of deviled eggs.
he stops for a moment as he hears the gondolier singing.
wearing a sparkling white gown and choker, young rose beams as she takes jack's hand.
in slow motion, holmes karate-chops the corsac about the face.
she puts a cigarette in his mouth, lights it.
audrey stumbles over kyle and hits the floor.
the boy instinctively raises his hands to strike again, but there's no knife.
later, in front of a barn and silos, he addresses a crowd.
the boy rides slowly on.
yuri leads a fast crowd running across the wide boarding platform.
jane's dress is a delicate creamy gold with puff sleeves.
he is given a drink
we pan to mary and clary.
klaatu walks in slow-motion through the woods, a shadow emerging through the mist.
its head down towards her, and stretches out a vast hand.
it's already pretty crowded.
the assistant starts to move for gittes who is ready for him.
he sits down.
pausing outside the open kitchen door.
he folds them up.
dante is visibly taken aback.
a large butcher knife is withdrawn.
benjamin goes through to the kitchen.
abby now sits in the audience, watching as jay interviews mike on stage.
the boat's on a lake, silhouetted against the sun.
neff sits down on the arm of the davenport, close to her.
the herd slows and, just yards from the boy, comes to a stop.
they stare ahead.
karen looks at him.
yellin's sword is beside him.
she looks away again.
shells fall from the rifles.
he puts down the letter and unties the string on the parcel.
rambo ducks out of sight as they go by.
rose swings the ax and hits the cabinet door, missing the first mark by several inches.
roger looks confused.
the army of the dead slowly dissolve into dust, and are immediately swept away by the four winds.
a high rise falls on the road.
back at his new digs, willie is playing checkers with the kid.
the wind dies and as it does, something new is heard.
she freezes, keeping her back to him.
jeff in his chair, facing the window, stella beside him.
he gulps at the contact (since no one else ever touches him) but covers his self-consciousness.
it falls about 30 feet before touching the bottom.
he loads an assault rifle, turns, and walks away from them.
as he passes between two waist-high security scanners, he holds his card to the top of one.
beneath the signature we see the boldly printed identification: jan christian smuts.
people start getting up to leave.
the band plays.
harry looks worried.
and joins the bingley sisters.
harry soars above peter, then plummets down to stab him but misses.
as they cross over a bridge to the opposite side of the canal, indy steals a flower from a street vendor.
the man drops from the wall, dead.
the agents run up a stairwell.
he is beginning to hump her.
kevin can't take his eyes off jane, who, smiling radiantly, kisses her dad on the cheek.
vanessa opens the door.
sidney is dressed as a waiter with a fake mustache.
suddenly, a deluge descends.
it reaches out.
henryk, finishing a bowl of soup and a piece of bread, sits at a worktop with szpilman and benek.
harry picks himself up.
a field reporter for channel 12 news comments live from the site as lights flicker in the background.
the man punches pete in the face where he's already bleeding.
he grins in delight.
turning, david glares at him.
bullets hit the ground near the peasants.
he picks the chess piece up and sees moriarty sitting in a box, watching the performance and possibly him, through a pair of opera glasses.
mj looks up at her hero and sees the goblin closing in again.
he looks inside:
the mopping con is now in the middle-background, having worked his way about halfway up the corridor since last time we saw him.
they just stop.
laurie and tommy continue walking down the street.
he swallows nervously.
the man tries to throw him off, but david squeezes his throat relentlessly.
she leans back against the unit, glancing through its pages.
molly sits down on the garden steps and puts her head in her hand.
he looks inside.
the entire camp is on the move.
an usher hands guests the order of service.
lisa draws back one leg, and points a finger challengingly.
the headwaiter comes up to them.
angela stares at jane, then her mouth widens into a smile.
jackson struggles to help the injured tenzen and gordon, who cling on just above grinding gears.
bond approaches a stout wooden door.
as sarah and drover arrive, nullah starts to cry.
his eyes never leave john's.
dressed casually in slacks and a blouse.
he tosses it to tuvia,
jenny is working herself into more of a state by not talking.
he emerges in a green fireplace.
buttercup and westley, staring deep into each other's eyes.
luke glancing oversees him waiting for an answer.
dumbledore gives him the paper.
lizzie stops, glancing up and down with an uneasy air.
pan shot as george crosses the street, uncle billy, cousin tilly and cousin eustace are leaning out of the second floor window of the building and loan offices.
brody sees indy's face and opens the other half.
he's tempted.
he sits side by side on the satin.
the guys get in their separate cars.
a carriage is driving fast through the night.
peter's face softens into a grin.
the sounds of laughter come from inside.
the security guard heads for a panel near the doorway and punches a key labeled arm.
this last remark has been directed toward charlie andrews, who sits near them at a cluttered table, typing on an old typewriter.
carl wakes from his nightmare and sits up with a start.
she touches her fur stole.
with the two boats locked together bond grabs a grappling hook and throws it into the inflatable.
a strong wind flings leaves high into the air and the hedges advance.
he removes a partial.
she walks slowly away from harry, whose head is lowered.
the old watch at the screen and now reads 2 hours, 6 minutes and 17 seconds.
deep winter has set in at the naliboki forest camp.
cavalieri, smiling adoringly, gives him a deep curtsey, and he raises her up.
peter pins a bouncer against the wall and starts beating off two more.
ferris's hair has light-brown highlights.
in the middle of his sweeping, he stops, hurries a step or two to the piano.
robbie sits on the stairs, watching her.
he is silent for a moment, his face troubled.
it flashes past, bites through the rope, and swims off with hermione.
all four of them are hypnotized by the tv on which sit two glasses of water.
while ilsa takes off some jewelry he walks to the window and peers out into the darkness.
jack, a dark haired man of about 40, shoves lewis into the back of the police car on the drive.
he pulls jody through the fields.
the trio sprints away.
floodlights illuminate a sports field teaming with equipment and personnel.
he sees the two of them together.
liberty bell smiles slowly.
hermione and ron push open the door and harry zooms inside.
their pursuer tries to work out where they've gone.
surprise of surprises, she has returned with a lover hooked.
he looks down at his feet.
the sun shines on the spires of oxford.
willa enters, her back to us; she stops.
he climbs on the horse's back and urges the animal on and out of the water.
john walks over and sits next to her, stroking her back.
hermione pulls harry under the bridge.
his head falling back, the costumed figure is passed along the carriage over people's heads.
at least he's winning.
now in a hotel room, he opens the suitcase, takes out his tommy gun and cocks it.
he rocks back and forth.
dark, battling flood waters whipe out the air field and the mountains.
outside, jeep's attention is drawn to something down the road.
strasser conducts the german singing in an attempt to drown out the competition.
scrambling out, he takes cover behind a garden planter.
sam rushes forward with a cry.
he steps forward, watching expectantly.
on the guns as lenny's thumbs draw them back.
ferris walks out.
the fat kid takes a deep breath and sneezes over santa.
the tables are formally laid with linen.
vincent moves to the bed, reaches underneath it, pulling out a black snap briefcase.
speeding cars swerve out of his way.
szpilman walks on and sees a child appear through a hole at ground level.
ryan is standing, staring at a map of the u.s.
with their backs to the camera, they take off the robes, slipping them down over their shoulders slowly.
he takes two ledgers from the briefcase handing one to david.
watson watches him closely.
light snowfalls as daisy and the young man strove through moscow.
harry slashes through the trees, down to the rocky outcrop, to the exact spot where his father appeared.
harry and hermione sit together in the lengthening shadows.
a marked figure, in dark green, swoops down on a hoverboard and carries him up on the rooftops.
fabrizio unties the lifebelt on tommy's body.
he whips around to the closed door, but finds it locked.
thelma and louise look at each other while this sinks in.
a second photograph shows zus.
as his hand moves past the light.
ben driving his car.
she looks at him with happy amazement, then pushes her plate away.
in the car, dillinger faces the side mirror and brushes his bangs off his forehead.
lt. dan tosses the empty liquor bottle down and picks another bottle.
gandalf continues staring into the fire, as if locked in thought.
a sailor delivers a powerful blow to indy's face, sending the cross flying out of his grip and skittering across the deck.
jamal looked stunned.
harry spots hermione slipping into a curtain.
she sits up a little, freezes, then sits up fully.
harry ignores him and keeps on walking.
alice moves forward to watch the film.
the tears roll out through her fingers.
laszlo and take care of his luggage.
he knocks of simon's door.
javert, still in his disguise as a rebel, is let back through the guarded `gate' into the barricaded street.
she looks around wildly.
sir edward is at the liquor cabinet.
it is a full symphonic arrangement which is heard over.
george reaches him, grabs hold of him, and starts swimming for shore.
he's bare chested and has a white towel wrapped around his waist.
graham heaves himself into a sitting position.
he hangs up and resumes his attention on the apartment of the salesman.
he studies note cards.
he is middle-aged, amiable, craggily handsome--sam elliot, perhaps.
a taxi pulls over to the curb; they walk over to it.
carolyn stands with a different couple: african american, late twenties.
going into vincent's vein.
lester leans against the wall and takes a swig of his beer.
kate takes her plate to the table.
the group turns right into a new corridor, briefly off the screen.
guests turn around as mozart appears - bowing to the archbishop - and walks with an attempt at dignity to the dais where the wind band is playing.
nick stands frowning as everyone else is captivated by the dazzling firework display.
they go upstairs.
he winds up his window as a guy selling oranges approaches.
later, they enter a bright hotel room.
ferris enters the house with his gun held out in front.
sandy tries in vain to open the crushed door as she speeds down the highway.
he flashes her a brief smile, and she goes.
the mountains of yellowstone are wrapped in a blinding flash and fulminating an awe-struck charlie on the ridge.
bellatrix has harry on his knees in front of the malfoys.
a broad alluvial plain, the river threading through it, purple and gold in the rising sun.
she wipes away a tear.
the lawyer, piquett, sits in a corridor on the other side.
the nurse rises from her seat in the corner of the room and walks out past an empty neighboring bed.
the cover features a heroic figure in a yellow cape fighting a powerfully built creature, half-man, half-beast, against a backdrop of new york skyscrapers.
jane is washing her hands in a basin in her room.
dorota, partially turned away from him, plays bach on the cello.
he gets out of the car.
2.rond point de champs-elys es with fountains playing
the camera follows the doctor's movements from the other side of the wall, obscuring him briefly.
her face has lost its usual resolute determination; she's actually enjoying herself spontaneously, and the lack of her usual self-consciousness allows us to see just how beautiful she is.
outside in the sunshine, children are playing in a park with a high chain link fence.
the dead students are laid neatly side by side on all the floor.
the windmill swings around and starts to turn.
he is a dirty with long hair.
the door closes after him, and unable to stop, the keys herd into it.
as he approaches the sphere, slowly, he sinks to his knees.
behind barton, the stout, baby-faced man steps into the hall and shoots him.
as elliot reaches inside the stereo shelf, grabbing a bottle of antihistamines, the camera moves back to lee, who sits down on the bed.
they moved cautiously through the trees towards the glowing vapor shrouded object.
clutching the baby, he stops at the edge of a darkened river.
she rushes to him, camera panning with her.
bo is about to pour the glass of water into the dog bowl.
this is not what is supposed to be happening.
harry is waiting in the owlery as the black owl flies in through the window.
lewis walks away in disgust.
rambo sits on the deck with his elbows resting on his knees, toying with the crucifix sarah gave him in his sinewy hands.
president ashton climbs red-carpeted steps onto a podium placed in the middle of the plaza, which is filled with a flag- waving, cheering crowd free from protesters.
they look round as the dance continues, highly satisfied with themselves and see marius.
emily screeches to a halt,
harry shifts uncomfortably and turns to the expectant faces.
the goblin pursues the running spider-man, firing at it.
frodo, sam, merry and pippin are waiting on ponies for the wagon.
javier leaves the annex.
it explodes in the road directly ahead of the car, missing it by only several feet.
he's closely followed by rick, right hand in the pocket of his trench coat, covering renault with a gun.
massive stone statues of warriors wielding huge weapons land on the paved terrace by the main entrance.
the policeman thoughtfully pats the fifty into the bill-fold and hands the bill-fold back into the car.
alison raises a palm to sidney.
asael tends to chaya who has a shawl over her long loose hair,
george is aghast.
he pulls up his shirt revealing a fresh burn mark on his stomach.
he drops them.
freddy finishes his playing possum piss, and walks past the sheriffs over to the sink.
a flash of lightning illuminates a gothic church with a tall studded aspire topped by a stone crucifix.
he tries to make it severe, but it is a comedown.
shocked, she marches into the house.
the horse is dead.
tuvia takes a few steps towards him, then stops.
they go inside the office.
aragorn, slowly paddling in the stern.
as harry follows tom inside, he finds a snow white owl (hedwig) perched atop a chair.
robin stops outside a door while the woman walks up to it.
he moves up from the embankment onto the bridge.
zus dives towards the next office and is shot at by the police chief but not before gunning him to the ground.
she bursts into mrs. bennet's room.
the elevator, gideon inside, keeps coming down.
they flit from side to side.
she manages to nod.
irene walks down steps.
quintana, on his way out, looks down at them from the lip of the lanes.
he rolls over, looks up at us and sighs.
she joins her hands, acknowledging a garland placed around her shoulders, and pushes on after gandhi.
the frustrated bartender makes his way over as she high- fives patrons.
he lowers the flaming torch towards the gunpowder.
slowly draws his wand.
his eyes drift down to cole's arms.
watson calls over to a group of men then nudges holmes, who appears to be asleep.
her long, dark hair hanging loose in large, soft waves.
an entire family has gathered, having supper in front of the tv.
salieri enters the room and looks about him cautiously.
he bangs his head on the door in frustration.
in the wheelhouse, the wheelman kills the engines.
phyllis takes his arm, forgetting where she is.
abby rolls her eyes with a smile and goes inside.
she is a faded, refined type.
he sure does.
joly takes a tray and collects empty tankards.
gandhi meets his eyes -- a smile that shelters charlie's vulnerability, returns his love.
he lowers the binoculars and turns to elsa.
it holds for a beat then falls in, smashing a small table.
the light is flashing from beneath a bed sheet.
smiling softly, aibileen kisses her on the cheek.
eddie walks past the piers and warehouses toward a small waterfront bar called arthur's pool hall.
george suddenly sees the old cigar lighter on the counter.
this place is jumpin'.
they hurry to greet her.
he comes towards her and pulls up a chair.
he's reading it pretty good, but he's still reading it from the page, and every once in a while he stumbles over his words.
he flicks a little water in her face, then takes the nail- brush and scrubs his watch and watch-band.
at the boutique, debbie watches desi while she folds clothing with jodi.
as the gryffindors celebrate, hermione looks excited.
ryan and natalie watch him wipe his hand across his face as he walks past the office therein.
inside the room he pulls a cord.
sandy looks up as marisol turns away.
in a darkened room, a hand reaches out and switches on a bedside lamp.
forrest looks down at the pile of letters.
a sound alerts him.
a youngster with a baseball glove comes in.
the rabble surround the boy, who is crouched on the ground.
he stares mournfully into the distance.
in an office, a manager looks at natalie's resume.
a new cross is placed on the steeple.
she rushes him as he turns around and he drops the syringe.
he struggles for breath.
valjean puts a candlestick in her bag.
it's like being caught in a waterfall.
the boys hurry upstairs in the house.
ben hangs up slowly.
gatsby wears a pale-pink suit.
the water is knee- deep and teeming with rats.
the possessed flee as the van is engulfed in flames.
he goes to a door, turns the handle, and pushes it open.
from blackout, a fuzzy grayness takes the shape of a sling holding the arm of a black boy.
then with the other men, they manhandled the three the crowd to the exit.
she dips her fingers in ash.
he stands and gestures toward all the things in the room.
he begins to undo the buttons.
they land on a chaotic runway.
evan opens it and begins reading it silently.
elizabeth, sitting in a rocking chair, is reading it as she bottle feeds her baby.
the car door flies open and harry falls out.
he waves the wand over a spell book.
powerful blasts of energy slows decent, generating clouds of billowing vapor.
gort's glowing eye follows him.
the other man hooks it, too.
he puts a blank form in front of him and points.
a student blows a ring of fire.
the commander pulls on his cigarette.
he dashes off and collides with carl.
the young politician blinks his deep-set eyes and shifts his heartbroken gaze.
bassam gets a rifle from the back of the four-by-four.
george's car comes along the empty street, through the falling snow, suddenly swerves and crashes into a tree near the sidewalk of a house.
in the hall, sue stands on a chair to put decorations on the tree.
as soon as he's gone, an armchair over by the wall appears to spring to life.
he gets to his feet, and he runs.
the housekeeper peers out of the window at longbourn, and seeing the messenger arriving, quickly hurries out to meet him.
she releases him, then slaps him.
rebecca, wearing her sample blue gloves, faces the group.
merrill looks over to the climbing frame with a confused expression.
phyllis is coming down the stairs.
he sets her down, closes the door, and they kiss again.
the little boy runs into other room and picks up tv remote control.
he retrieves his makeup box.
his manner is wry, but not the bitter wryness we have seen in casablanca.
with a sweep of his hand, gabriel sends bob flying across the diner where he crashes down behind the counter near the stove.
moriarty rolls his eyes wearily and bends over holmes, gripping the meat hook embedded in his shoulder with one hand and holmes' uninjured arm with the other.
anna is dragged off by her mother.
she stares straight ahead.
al shakes walt's hand and goes back to his pew.
abby's expression softens, and she looks away for a moment.
setting it aside, he opens the trash bin and overturns a large jar of candy.
and they board the limo as the trees fall off ahead of them.
in the valley below is a settlement overlooking a paddy field.
valjean strides out of the church ripping his papers to shreds as he goes to the far corner of the church yard.
he draws his sword.
elderly ladies, one on a zimmer, shuffle down a corridor.
an instructor is beside him.
charlie and audrey peer between the slats covering the windows.
zus armed with a rifle watches the other people arrive.
he checks the display and slowly opens up the mobile.
he looks around the room, then moves over to a baby grand piano with a sleazy spanish shawl dangling down one side and two cabinet photographs standing in a staggered position on top.
the hell hound squares back on its haunches, growling, ready for another leap.
cal pulls off the blanket rose is wrapped in and shoves it at jack.
a middle-aged couple sits on the couch watching tv.
hagrid is looking more dapper than usual and is carrying a big red flower.
jamal gulps and puts on his headset.
gatsby nods to them both and goes.
laurie rushes in from the kitchen finding the children in tears.
harry clutches his forehead in agony.
tamara glances around then takes lilka by the hand and leads her out of the earshot of the others.
he wheels himself back to the window and raises the camera to his eye.
andy gets soup on her jumper.
carl stands on the edge of a bridge.
skeeter pulls away and goes.
dave follows, grabs her by the elbow again.
elijah starts his descent.
charlie rushes to michael's side.
she takes it and walks back to the service area where, embarrassed, confused, and messed with -- she tosses the note.
peter watches as aunt may lays flowers on uncle ben's grave.
a gnn tv camera is fixed on the vehicles.
; banging pots about and stirring; praying as she works, which is the best way to pray.
she swings open the door and stands to one side.
the root looks like an ugly baby.
he thrust his arm forward towards the jib.
jaw thrust forward, regina eyeballs klaatu.
inside the ballroom, well-dressed real estate professionals stand in clumps, chatting.
the guard rouses them and throws them off the train.
neville confidently takes to the floor with ginny and spins her around with ease.
harry walks up to him and rests a hand on his shoulder.
a limb bundles harry out of the way.
sydney takes a record and flings it over his head.
the hand reenters to put back the purple and take the pink.
just as he bounces towards the balcony, the green goblin on the glider grabs him from behind.
it opens and they run straight through.
arwen breathing hard, walking towards elrond with a fierce light in her eyes.
they go out.
aron pushes a stick into the mud with a curious expression and watches several ants climb onto it.
jack and rose glance back.
the surveillance screen shows the scene from above.
boromir feels aragorn's love for minas tirith and takes heart.
willie serves up a plate of north pole-style fried bologna for himself and puts it on the breakfast bar.
mike follows her.
mike follows, looking dazed.
it writhes and thrashes.
she stares at him, then hugs him, tight.
holmes wears a two-colored garment and a brown hood, which melds perfectly with the furniture.
he flops onto a barstool.
chili lies asleep beside her.
on the table the remains of coffee and a cinnamon filbert ring are present
a smile on her face, she walks up to him.
willie watches him go, a thoughtful expression crossing his face.
holly slams the door.
looking thoughtful, he opens the filofax.
she turns to look at her pale sister,
ben continues to stare at the set.
joy looks at abby, a little worried.
across this his wife speaks o.s.
she turns away from the church and starts walking across a city street in her pink bridesmaid dress, with a heavy tulle petticoat and long, white gloves.
he looks round and sees a guy on a mobile phone watching him.
ferris slaps the bonnet and runs to aisha's apartment building.
fabienne starts to cry.
he drops the body in a dumpster, removes mathis' wallet from his jacket, takes out the cash, and tosses the wallet aside.
at length they stop in perfect formation, still chanting, to face the imperial wizard, who stands in front of the burning cross dressed in a red satin robe and hood trimmed with gold.
he sits up to see a scary dog charging towards him.
he throws the cupcakes in one at a time.
draco makes his way upstairs.
he strolls deeper into the crowd, his camera focused above their heads.
diaz has a shirt covering his hair.
tizzy removes his spectacles and puts them on the dresser.
harry sits down.
there are others at higher levels in the dock.
his voice is high and thin, but he gives it his all.
his roommates follow as he opens the door.
a girl is being rubbed at a gun point.
he falters for a moment, then his smile returns.
he walks to a table and sits.
he carries a briefcase, his hat is a little on the back of his head.
indy wears the uniform of a nazi soldier.
they laugh.
the guy has to yank it out of carl's hand.
he waves.
as tommy is being dragged away, he turns to evan, a sick smile on his face.
he opens it.
wormtail hands him the wand and bows deeply.
aragorn, gandalf, legolas, gimli, eomer, merry and pippin galloping towards the black gates.
he hits the trigger, water shoots out, smacking both men.
the chapel, where the impressive clergyman plows on.
glen lays a companionable hand on his shoulder.
then be grabs it, drops his sword, and, clutching the other end of the vine, he dives into the lightning sand and there is another cloud of white powder, but it settles quickly.
mary looks after him, her face showing amused sympathy, then follows.
morgan walks across to bo as she drinks from a large glass of water.
they ram the gate again.
henry climbs down into the tank and taps brody on the shoulder, startling him.
the picture spins round and window frame appear.
he stands with his head against the door post, listening, harassed.
she enters; fergus walks in slowly.
she looks at the corpse of one of the volunteers, who has bullet wounds in his chest.
we hit the pins, scattering them, and rush on into black.
the camera hurtling towards three horses riding down a long muddy road on a flat plain towards the walled town of montreuil-sur-mer.
as the rumble gets louder, the ground starts to shake.
jack and rose continue to fight their way through the crowd which slowly funnels up another staircase.
tony can see them from the dressing room.
a figure among the clouds of dust, hacking at a wall with a sledgehammer.
as we see it, the gun-barrel twitches.
evan kicks tommy hard in the ribs.
minas tirith lies ahead -- only.
hermione appears on the surface with the shark.
he takes it with.
patients are being treated on gurneys that are alarmed.
pete and charlotte sit at the table.
vincent is fully crying now.
sylvie notices reggie's lunch which consists of cold chicken, potato salad, rolls and butter, wine and coffee.
from under the couch has rolled the bottle.
and the bear hits chili again.
outside the theater, a crowd has gathered.
neff is in the booth dialing a number, and as she waits he looks around to make sure he is not watched.
the patrolman is no longer following, has not turned off after her.
the queen steps out of the car, into the mountain waters.
gittes looks at the quilt.
buddy comes back with the drinks.
carl catches her eye, smiles and waves.
she is looking at the prowler, which still idles on the shoulder.
cole holds up his plastic rifleman.
farmer maggot is chopping wood in his garden
then he looks back to the locket.
slow motion, the criminals run along the misty overlook, with red leading the way.
pausing for breath on a street corner, another young woman walks up wearing the same purple dress.
patrick concentrates on the old video footage of his mother laughing and a close up of marley, staring puzzled into the camera.
michael grabs a gas pump, flips the lever and points it at the minivan.
he offers nicole a beer and she refuses.
the lift stops with a thud.
she smiles dreamily at him.
thelma is watching.
they hold eye contact for a very long moment.
as he starts to go toward simon and then scurries back in fear.
bubba and forrest shine their boots.
elsa chooses a cup -- a solid gold, emerald encrusted goblet.
we're watching the video ricky showed jane earlier, of the empty white plastic bag being blown about.
superimposed over a map that traces a course from new york city to venice, italy.
he heads back downstairs.
charlie picks up a machine pistol.
norman is firmly attached to the trolley.
they both wrestle with the gear stick.
red lightning forks across the sky with a deafening crack!
he pats koscik on the cheek and goes.
opens its front door,
as though inadvertently, he drops his hand on the bench beside the bag.
fudge raises his hand.
a tearful man is comforted by two women either side of him.
salieri lies across from him on karl's small bed in his shirt sleeves and waistcoat.
he lets them stay there.
jeff and stella turn for a quick glimpse of the song-writer's apartment.
mr. collins is leaving his room.
as he strikes a pose, the curtains billowed.
they are all occupied except one and she looks inside it.
wearing a dashing brocade waist coat, he looks every inch the eccentric gentleman.
sinking down into her pillow, she takes off her specs with an appalled look on her face.
several people run toward the backend of the titanic, which is now tilted up at a slight angle.
holden holds up a copy of banky's new solo comic.
indoors jenny stands for lonely in the hallway.
griphook rings the bells to keep the dragon at bay.
his skinny frame wavering in front of a tall mirror.
filch starts the gramophone.
marley's lying under a tree.
chili looks at him, the guy's either dumb or making conversation.
veronica aims the pistol at him.
she walks down the aisle, occasionally glancing at the bins of records.
jeff quickly picks up the long-focus lens and trains it on the salesman's apartment.
holmes jogs off.
jeff lowers the camera for a moment, and watches tensely.
lawrence walks off into the crowd.
the car slows as it approaches a lodge where light shines warmly through the windows.
randal reads it.
indy and henry hurry down the catwalk until arriving at a pair of doorways framed into the zeppelin's outer skin.
manning the heavy machine gun, danny smith cocks the weapon.
michael stands on the roof, looking pensive.
jamal is lost in thought.
the car is still flying down the road.
sam stares at her, frowns in concern over her very real anxiety, goes to the phone, dials operator.
andrea begins to break down in tears.
dillinger sees him just feet away gripping a pistol.
brian stands at one end of the dressing room with his arms folded, casting an eye over the players sat on benches lining the walls.
a woman in a business suit sits on the couch with a briefcase in her lap.
they turn and run out of the common room.
snow lies on a street light.
bubba and forrest grab their gear and follow him.
tony looks up at alastair as he leaves the room.
everett scrambles up.
camera cranes to reveal: thousands of men and horses!
he pulls up outside a house.
as the performers clear away, the circus' owner-and-ringmaster amos calloway (50) approaches the stands.
he makes hip-grinding coital motions as o'brien leads him away.
the mechanic runs off
nelec steps to it, picks it up.
without looking at him, she settles back against her headrest and stares out of the window.
he swabs the decks.
gittes looks sharply at her.
lovejoy hands the money to the steward.
he rips free his other arm.
gradually, wrinkles form around her eyes, and she transforms into her older self.
she picks up a pack of tarot cards.
sydney thrashes out power cords on it, he flails wildly until the record suddenly stops.
alison strides off tearfully, leaving a dumbstruck sydney staring after her.
he looks up to david.
he joins her.
a catch of junk is dumped onto the deck.
hannah is already halfway towards the door and putting her coat on.
the blast hurls him up and back a good ten feet, slamming him into the wall with tremendous force.
a russian in a gray army coat and fur hat steps out from behind a tree.
malcolm lowers his fingers from his temple.
david and elise look on solemnly.
he mops his sweaty brow with a handkerchief.
the kids sit at a table at the window.
he opens a closet door.
they lie facing each other, zoe with her arm on kate's shoulder.
students bustle in, as the teacher, mr.
a chain loops around a tree close to hermione.
he blinks and his eyes moisten.
at the wheel of an suv, the now heavily tattooed jeep looks at the road ahead.
he reaches under the bench and grabs a cigar box.
harry clutches his neck.
the thief staggers back and trips.
an elder hmong man and a young girl approach walt as he seats on his front steps.
she takes gittes' arm.
he takes jody's wallet from the trousers of his overalls.
he passes the marks made by the other boys, and his shovel takes him onto the thin ice at the bend of the river.
it does look like an army.
evan grabs his psychology textbook from under his seat, gets up and turns in his exam.
they slap him on the back, eyeing the twins.
indy looks around and down and now he figures it out.
gills develop on either side like a fish.
in her kitchen, she sits facing skeeter.
ilsa starts to hum.
a massive people were held back by metal barriers.
lovely, quiet, deserted.
anna leads a young woman to red.
the bug straightens up to its full height and throws his head back.
lance bends down by the black case brought in by jody.
she trips over an umbrella stand.
newspapers are strewn all over the queen's bed.
behind him stands his partner, o'brien, a short fat irishman with tufted red hair.
densely packed buildings bisected by streets.
she looks tearful.
a local swigs beer as the car comes to a stop.
indy continues to pound at the tile as the librarian resumes his stamping, still puzzled by the sound echoing through the library.
harry leads the way, followed by ron, then hermione.
she hangs upside down.
on the monitor behind peter in the genetic research institute, the dna of a new species of spider like the one which bit peter is displayed.
at the dance, a struggling women has her face slapped by one of the drunken crowd.
she shows it fearfully to the towering madame maxime.
mae mobley stays at the window, watching aibileen walk away down the drive.
school boy aims again.
we are left looking at the empty street and the faraway arizona house.
the skinny security guard makes a halfhearted reach for his gun, but norther waves him off.
david's less than impressed, then takes another photo.
in the foreground two little black boys are walking home, each carrying a block of ice.
the maitre d' puts on specs to examine it.
fireballs trailing thick columns slam into the ground as the plane rises to the end of the runway.
mozart hastens towards the grand salon away from the buffet room, adjusting his dress as he goes.
dumbledore and the man shake hands.
smith peers down from the bridge deck shelter, then stands at the bridge railing, overlooking the front well deck.
howard tapes veronica tossing her bag under the podium and fleeing.
he rolls his eyes as it occurs to him.
trembling he turns a corner and approaches the back steps of a clapboard building.
then he simply lets his arm drop.
the ss men open fire with a machine gun mounted on the vehicle.
jenny slips him a tidbit.
it is the body of a woman long dead.
he looks through the wooden slats at the hut wall.
andrea shakes her head.
harry clears the table.
walt walks out of the front door with his golden labrador.
zuzu closes the cover of the book, and points to the bell.
she starts into store with the grocer.
harry spots an armed guard.
a woman stares as he walks past the queue and up to the desk.
ilsa turns her head away.
billie presses down on the arms of the chair to get up, then stops.
she stands on the precipice of being transported away from the logic which has been her lifeline.
inside the opulent suite, isaac sits opposite a saudi prince who holds an electronic document in his hands.
robbie pulls a lever under his chair.
he is overjoyed to find frodo awake bedside.
the car leaves the road, hits a hump, and rolls into a ditch, landing on its roof.
ray bones eyes chili, then nods to fred and ed.
georgiana curtsies and leaves them to it.
he smiles graciously at the marketing guy.
he looks down at daisy.
on the sidelines, a pretty girl admits the name of her secret love.
it stops and the doors fly open.
edwards whirls around to see jeebs' body, growing another head.
- the three men sit around a campfire.
she wags a finger.
jay and kay hit the ground with loud grunts.
the game is over.
pop bailey is seated at the dinner table.
still running with gavroche as he hops onto the back of another very grand carriage, the traffic now moving at last, hitching a ride on the back - one or two of his gang hop on back of carriage with him, the others run panting after to hear his political lecture.
bim seats don on his bed.
szpilman climbs the ladder, squeezes into the loft and looks down at the german captain, who shines his light on him.
circling the hall in pairs.
startled at being observed, doyle moves quickly away from the window, affecting nonchalance.
then donovan shifts his aim, just a bit, and shoots henry.
tommy and lindsey run out of the house and down the walk to the sidewalk.
a solitary wizard reads a book while, at his elbow, his coffee cup stirs itself.
cousin eustace is taking a photograph of the family group assembled on the porch.
willie picks up a purple one and examines it.
the boys help each other out of the pool and run.
sarah tearfully watches the evacuation.
he has their attention now.
he looks at a piece of paper and makes a phone call.
she lowers her head and wipes her mouth.
debbie pulls open the door, pete is on the toilet playing on his ipad.
the blast tears through trees and shrubs and spreads out like a concentric wave of destruction from its epicenter, throwing up dirt and leaves and knocking over soldiers.
forrest gets up as lt. dan yells.
nick hands the bowl of spaghetti to zoe and goes back to work.
as he tosses his other glove out the window.
wider, we see marge now wearing a beige police uniform.
comic books and other plastic models, all built and painted by joe.
it swims on his thin wrist.
graham looks at his daughter quietly.
cal takes the necklace.
graham studies the creature with its smooth-skinned earless head, an odd shaped mouth, dull gray teeth exposed.
his eyes close, and he sinks to the floor.
the boy gallops on the horse, through the sparse trees.
she wears a sodden gray hoodie and jeans.
mac shakes his head as she turns on her heels and hightails upstairs with leah behind her.
light from the burning tents flickers across his face, as he lies unconscious on the muddy ground.
ilsa watches him.
carl opens his window as the trooper draws up.
he picks up the belt and throws it over her arm.
they both step onto the lowest rung of the railing.
he lights up and begins to hum 'the way you look tonight,' strolling along the wall looking at more photographs.
everett waxes smug.
they have bows and arrows.
oliver gets up to leave.
he turns and goes; ruby, with an eye to 1st loafer, turns and follows.
harry pulls out his wand and stumbles backwards onto the pavement.
the swirling black clears to reveal a meadow.
helen snaps it on.
he turns and looks behind him fearfully.
it blows a raspberry in ron's face.
she opens the locket.
graham is packing up to go.
he stops by an indian in blue jeans who is looking at the underside of a car that sits on a hydraulic lift with a cage light hanging off its innards.
she nods toward the house, where harry and ruth, among a crowd of other couples, are dancing to the music of a phonograph, and can be seen through the front door.
the boat plows through the river water.
the drive moves on through the soft light of sunset.
a mustachioed local man in a baseball cap and a striped t- shirt pokes undergrowth with a stick.
the camera pulls back as she helps jeff to a sitting position.
as she does so, the door of henryk's room opens and he stands leaning in the doorway, watching, as if amused.
he licks his lips as he admires their well-toned backsides and sips from a bottle of beer.
elaine pulls her hand away.
mr. samuels looks down.
she pauses to look down the hallway and watch nick, as he gently carries zoe to her bedroom.
cole stares at the back of a person cooking food on the stove.
headlights blazing, the aging volvo speeds through the rainy night.
david strides off.
now, a goateed man bicycles with the father.
sarah and school boy keep running.
back in town, the boys get out of the car.
two chairs and a table in a pretty garden with white and red rose bushes.
between them, they push the dog's huge paw off the trapdoor.
watson places the ring on his new wife's finger, and they share a kiss.
the doctor whispers something to himself, we can't hear.
abby looks at him.
jack manages to break a door handle.
he sneers and winds up with his fist.
spencer just stares at him.
relieved, but puzzled, he tiptoes along towards the rear of the hallway in close-up as we pull away.
his eyes fill with a storm of confusion and pain.
he takes her hand to help her down off the desk.
wearing his new suit, walt lies in an open casket in front of the altar.
those fingers bring out a plastic bag with white powder inside, the madman that vincent bought earlier from lance.
elijah's leg is immobilized by a metal brace and held straight.
barnes throws his car into gear and accelerates after taylor, who power-slides around a corner, barnes in hot pursuit.
in their compartment, watson and mary are kissing.
harry falls.
his eyes going back to jeff.
bob pulls lynda over to the couch and turns out the light.
ron and harry look at each other in amazement.
a detachment of indian royal air force comes to attention at the shouted command of their nco.
after a moment she takes one hand off the wheel and rubs her left eye a little.
ryan drags his case through the airport.
jenny pulls a robe off of her sleeping roommate's bed.
helen follows him.
the figure falls into helen's arms.
bond is back stage behind the set which features huge moving eye.
elizabeth gives her a thin, cool, smile.
denethor's death plunge to the rohirrim gaining the upper hand -- vast numbers of orcs are slain, or are fleeing.
now they are at bottom of stairs.
he kicks out strongly with his flipper feet.
indy sees a large stevedore's hook above him and he climbs up on crates to reach it.
a bevy of prostitutes is gathered on the stairs.
looking awkward, mr. mayes heads out of the bar, past benjamin.
the man is thrown backwards by the charge.
a single tree throws shade onto a picnic table.
he drags marius through an outflow pipe into the dark night.
he looks at rambo, who ignores him.
as the leader closes in with a crate, holmes spits coffee beans into his face.
the interior is lit by the golden glow of candlelight.
michael considers the question a beat, then.
gale blows out smoke and picks up his spoon to start back in on his cornflakes.
mr. bennet arrives home in the pouring rain.
sam runs into the tower.
graham looks up at them.
he looks around not knowing what to do.
they reach top of the bank.
she is still glaring offscreen at the doorway where evan stood moments before.
there are a lot of single men.
back on duty, aibileen lets herself into elizabeth's kitchen through the back door, her arms loaded with groceries.
mr. bennet raises his eyebrows.
again, we see that written in the condensation.
the hair skates off harry's scar.
his eyes fixed on the approaching light.
as she light increases, we see that she is wearing another extravagantly beautiful dress.
a hand grabs the sword.
graham looks at the alien's lower arm, which is wrapped around morgan's back and matches his shirt fabric.
mary starts the windshield wipers.
the colonel drives, staring darkly at the road ahead.
she throws them up at the powerline.
lewis' party look around in horror.
they boy blinks once slowly.
he reaches in his pocket, then remembers that he gave his money to sarah.
for at least a quarter mile the ocean churns with panicked swimmers.
emily watches him through the window.
tony stands up and looks out of the window.
they desperately shove through the doors at the bottom.
her face is pushed down onto the bonnet of a police.
randal grabs a paper and joins him behind the counter.
rambo, sarah and school boy run up a rocky slope.
she scribbles a number out on her pad and encircles another number.
as frederick continues his monologue, lee is busy in the background: striking a wooden match and lighting a burner on the stove for the kettle, taking a glass out of the cupboard, walking into the bathroom for some pills, filling the glass with water in the kitchen sink, and taking her pills.
a silver spoon on a white napkin is set next to the cup and there's also a plate of jam tarts.
he nods toward the building.
the people in the photographs are moving.
they freeze.
a young man is galloping along on horseback in the bright sunshine.
large barred doors open and a group of women come through, with parcels, children in tow, etc.
izzy opens another car hood: pieces missing.
the shape doesn't move.
with a reprimanding look, she takes the phone.
now, trish carries a cake across the yard to a table where sandy cradles their newborn.
they all sit at the table.
dillinger steps aboard among a few other men, including a uniformed officer.
mr. darcy appears beside him, his face taut with anger.
nick picks up a seltzer bottle, and squirts gower in the face with it.
mr. white crosses to mr. blonde.
alice goes.
the children don't notice his presence.
forrest walks up to a shack on the edge of the bayou.
they take a deep breath and both dive under the water.
willie looks at the kid.
bloodstains spread over draco's white shirt.
fergus walks toward him and pulls off the hood.
there is a spherical hole in the snowy rock face, but the orb is gone.
mrs. robinson looks at him and raises her eyebrows.
enraged, zick-zack grabs him by the hair and presses his head hard between his thighs and then beats him mercilessly.
they both stare at bellatrix.
they smile at lydia's celebrations.
an embarrassed pause.
anna lets go of his hands.
gideon goes to reggie, takes her key and gives her his own.
hermione sits huddled on a flat-topped rock.
the three young caught-off-guard guys are: marvin, the black young man, who open the door, will, as the scene progresses, back into the corner.
rising gracelessly, she exits, knocking her crystal ball to the floor.
nelec is quiet, simple.
noah stares wide-eyed.
it vibrates across the tabletop.
she gets a bottle of rubbing oil.
she looks at aragorn.
a red and yellow checked flag billows in the breeze
whip sits writing at his desk in his cell.
bleeker looks out at the bleachers, scanning them for juno.
his hand explores among the springs.
it comes after joe and the others.
the screen fades to black, leaving just the green scarf.
keeps his eyes up there as he says.
she chuckles; elliot smiles and chuckles with her.
camera leading reggie as she runs -- the passageway is nearly empty.
hogwarts pupils cheer as cedric takes the stage.
the man opens it.
footprints moving across the ash covered cavern.
the pool umbrella has gone the way of the chair.
the trooper, in crash helmet and dark sunglasses, is listening tight-lipped and stone-faced as glen finishes his story and slaps his knee.
connie does.
jody hurriedly joins them in the huddle, a big fat red magic marker in her hand.
he falls in the water.
close on edward, smiling nervously.
she leans against the wall.
half his mask is burnt off.
she adjusts the blanket.
the woman looks wearily to the stout gentleman at the dining table.
frodo looks at sam amazed.
hagrid looks up at her admiringly.
the dude is running blearily down the middle of the pacific coast highway.
some grains of sand seeps out of his ear.
she is flipping through a book by a curtained window.
the colonel looks at them, confused.
he is facing the crowd.
the swarthy man tosses coins at him.
the door to the on suite bathroom is ajar.
bill steps forward, his face grim.
toting a rifle, baum comes up on his left.
he stands, runs at the cordon, seeing between their heads, shoulders, mother, regina, henryk and halina clambering into the trucks.
arms held close by his sides.
he looks nervous, then blinks as she cracks her whip right in front of his face.
meanwhile, jack lies on a bench and smokes a cigarette as he gazes up at the starry sky.
arvind collapses and punnoose lifts his limp body to a table.
the court composer, oblivious to constanze, who sits happily chewing chestnuts, her mouth covered in sugar, walks around and around his salon, reading the pages and dropping them on the floor when he is done with them.
will re-reads the telegram, still bewildered.
his tone is confidential.
the children precede preacher, who carries a candle in holder.
ben walks quickly into elaine's room, crosses to the bed and puts the purse down.
sidney rolls his eyes as he listens in.
she glances up at cal's back as he surveys the passengers.
willie and marcus raise their glasses.
the counter girl stands next to him, staring blankly.
he starts over for the candy counter.
riderless, twisting crazily into the street where it collapses.
he pulls up alongside jason's van.
the batter sprints round the field, and the fans stand up, excitedly.
she takes up a small slice of ham, bites off a tiny bite, nibbles at it in the manner of one disturbed and preoccupied.
eddie collects his coin while the young man racks up the balls.
he points to it and gives a thumbs up.
he places a caring hand on her shoulder to escort her out.
the pop tarts are clearly visible.
the doctor frowns and removes the scanner.
and he winks at farrah.
hani looks at a grandfather clock.
but the r.o.u.s is back atop him.
his plain hobbit-face grows stern, almost grim, as the will hardens in him.
they both grin.
the police chief wags a knowing finger at him.
dumbledore wipes the blood off harry's forehead with a finger, and tastes it with the tip of his tongue.
snoop dog glides up a corridor.
he tries to take her hand.
the fire flares up a little, a face appears in it.
as they acknowledge each other, captain tonelli barges in front of casselle and salutes strasser.
kay gets to his feet.
neither he nor lisa make any comment.
ron enters a cubicle.
ruby enters shot carrying a candle.
back inside, charles enters and stands next to prince philip.
desi swims away.
voices wake him.
they peer out of the back door.
it sways and starts to fall like a felled tree.
skip squeezes through the gap and runs down the street.
a second painting on the wall shows eleventh century crusaders plummeting to their deaths over a high cliff.
the bearded captain wears braces and a peaked cap.
it moves on and at last passes though jeff's window, and comes to rest on the two bid heads of jeff and lisa.
he gently strokes marley's head.
barnes reloads his own weapon with a fresh clip.
produces two glasses, hold them up.
jody now pisses with immense relief.
garbage litters the front lawn and paint chips rot off the sides of the house.
max comes up and joins them as they walk down the hallway.
carl lies unconscious in a hospital bed with grazes on his face.
the camera moves past another aisle of books to reveal lee, browsing through a shelf.
policemen hold the crowd back.
a swarm of hooded dementors are circling above their heads, their black cloaks fluttering behind them.
jane looks unsure.
from farmer to baker's wife, everyone wants to dance with edward, who finds himself tossed around like a stick caught in a whirlpool.
alone light overhead on tension wires is the sole illumination.
joe tries to open the back door.
gittes is clicking off more shots when the tiles his feet are hooked over come loose.
gandhi is looking at him, testing, not giving or accepting anything that is mere gesture.
closing on ed as she reaches the mouth of the alley.
they both type an entry and close their computers.
he leads lee a few yards up the street, away from any prying eyes.
she is enjoying the story, but also the force of edward's charisma.
he stands, points the remote, clicks the tv off, and ponders.
she blinks up at him and touches a hand to her sore head as two other guests arrive.
caught, edward has to confess.
buttercup is almost out of her mind with fear.
at his orders, the great catapults fire thwat!
where a nazi radioman wearing headphones sits at an elaborate panel of dials, switches and meters, and a woman stands over a map plotting coordinates.
they watch the guests gathering to view the fireworks.
chili and karen both jerk upright.
the crowds have all gone.
his book in one hand, his wand in the other, harry slowly walks the length of the cubicles.
women cry and hide their eyes.
graham's gaze alights on a wooden chair lying upturned on the floor beside the lampshade.
reggie and peter turn toward the stage.
forrest urinates in the bathroom, then lowers the lid and flashes.
he sees himself reflected, then a face other than his own.
when their flashlight beam hits her left eye, it shines with a hellish glow.
gandhi looks up at him.
he takes the suitcase out of phyllis' hand.
magarri takes aim.
the student army face a metal figure dressed as a cloaked dementor holding a wand.
norman sits in the dim, one-lamp light, the phone next to him, his hand still near it as if he had not been able to move his hand after hanging up.
he throws an orange ball.
the crowds cheer enthusiastically.
a german motorbike comes into view.
he reaches for the phone.
leah gazes adoringly at the tubby bearded teacher.
at the camp shimon and malvin are shoving earth.
kate wears a blue apron over her black top and jeans.
wearing shades, karami walks purposefully through the marketplace.
the two watchers run from the scene
thousands of orcs can be seen marching away from mt.
david straightens his new york shaped lapel pin.
as the two soldiers head off, jack wraps louis' arm over his shoulders, heads off in the other direction, as louis looks him over, confused.
harry slides the door closed.
he turns round and gazes back the way he came.
he goes over to talk to colonel nelec.
lynn looks at her son.
camera pans with neff going down the stairs in his blue suit, with a hat pulled down over his eyes.
joe is stunned -- instantly humiliated in front of alice -- he's taken back to the squad car.
a beat, then she turns over in bed, revealing her to be.
he holds a telephone in front of the horn speaker.
the crowd begins to gather.
the man shakes benjamin's hand and moves along.
both men descend.
a pair of studded, six-inch, killer heels approach.
juno walks slowly and dejectedly up the street to her house, gnawing on the super rope.
she passes frederick, who sits at a table in the kitchen area, drinking a cup of coffee and reading the paper.
gabriel shoves the spike in the middle of his mace into the barrel of the gun.
westley grabbing buttercup, pulling her aside to safety as another great spun of flame suddenly shoots up.
the music turns into boomy source music, coming from a distant jukebox, as the credits end over a clattering strike.
they're watched.
outside, rain streaks a window, making the image of the kissing couple inside hazy.
through the window, we see the colonel standing outside, watching.
the limbs smash the desk.
there is a touch of urgency in his voice.
he starts it up and speeds off.
they remained seated at the picnic branch as people flee from an advancing storm.
sarah and drover are bathing in a pool in each other's arms.
jack gets up to answer the door.
he hangs up and moves to a car that has just pulled up outside the hangar.
lester hurls the plate of asparagus against the wall with such force it shatters, frightening carolyn and jane.
yayo, now soaked with sweat, is still here.
elsewhere in new york city, some very fashionable ladies are also getting dressed.
and lizzie standing in her coat and bonnet.
he motions her to stop.
he lets go and strides off.
peter turns to find flint right behind him.
he gets off the bed and goes over to a wardrobe.
an umbrella is whirled aloft by a gale force wind.
his back has been burnt off.
audrey and charlie back away from the windows.
we see, just in passing, the frightened, apprehensive faces of godse, and near him, apte and karkare.
but something has changed, and he isn't intimidated at all.
she gives peter a reproving look and crosses to mary jane who's standing motionless behind the microphone.
at a brookstone, she sleeps on a massage chair with her open mouth drooling.
jules takes his .45 and presses the barrel hard in brett's cheek.
benjamin looks at his father for a moment, then continues eating and reading.
is staring down at gittes who's lying in the screened in porch of the farmers.
the ss lieutenant reaches in and withdraws a handful of long yellow beans.
cole walks to the shelf and picks up a finger puppet dancer.
thao sees he's coughed up blood.
the antonov flies over the city as skyscrapers collapse and burn.
hermione walks up to harry.
they embrace and kiss one another without putting down their glasses.
agents lead ashton, on a gurney, towards a helicopter.
their amused smiles relax as their stare lingers.
she gets out and gets duke out from the back seat.
he lights the cigarette and daisy cups her hand around his.
as mickey finishes his ruminations, hannah is seen walking towards her front door.
as ed and dot enter, ed beaming as they go to the crib.
through this conversation fergus can hear the chorus of wolf whistles increasing.
the gallery is stunned.
two suvs drive through gates and stop in front of the jordanian general intelligence directorate.
the old man retracts the stick, and benjamin wheels himself to the top of the front steps, where he watches children playing in the street.
lizzie watches the exchange with interest.
valjean and javert hurry out across the factory yard and down the muddy track beyond to discover - a heavily laden cart has toppled onto the cart driver - fauchelevent, the worker seen before taking a rest on a crate.
as he opens the door, zombie alice creeps up behind him.
the sphere begins to spin.
helen stands staring at him, wiping the rain from her face, and maybe some tears too.
jane fakes a smile as george catches her eye.
henry is too weak to even open his eyes.
it plunges onto the top branches.
john trips on a chair and the chase is on around the living room.
lizzie casually takes up her embroidery, turning slightly to afford mr. bingley and jane some privacy.
a carpenter cuts his finger, spilling blood.
wilson enters the west wing.
randal is offended.
he scrambles up and over the ledge.
meanwhile, david sprints through the downpour reaching the targeted blue door.
in his sleep, peter sees uncle ben looking into his killer's eyes.
the captain leans out of the wheelhouse.
scabior, the snatcher who smelled hermione's perfume, leans against a tree.
indy kicks roscoe away.
scrunched in his fingers, he's holding the knickers she wore and discarded on the day they had sex.
he ducks, clutching the elephant to his chest, and scurries behind a counter.
light shimmers as the water drops slide down the blade of narsil, the sword that was broken has been remade.
they arrive at the buchanan mansion.
kayleigh shakes lenny's inhaler and hands it to him when he gets back.
the living room is bare.
on edward, waiting for will to begin.
david's jaw hangs slack.
jane watches him blankly from the kitchen table.
gabriel tries to hold himself in the back window.
she crosses off.
peter falls.
lovejoy runs up to the elevator, then scans the area around himself.
the camera, however, moves closer and closer to a photograph showing hannah, lee, and holly, the three sisters, smiling into the camera.
looking up through her tears as hi is led away.
later, he enters the apartment he shares with harry.
she indicates with her hand where she wants them.
putting down the milk, he opens the box, takes out two pop tarts and puts them in the toaster.
having been a one-time siffleuse, her call to the dog is clarion and melodic.
brock switches on a tape recorder as he sits across from rose.
she peeks towards him from the corner of her eyes.
she keeps pulling the trigger.
she sits down on a chair.
helen lies asleep on the couch, using the pillow and the comforter from wick's bed.
cowering, they all look closely at the squad car seemingly hanging in midair.
before it six british police officers and two indian police officers command a large troop of indian policemen.
as jack passes an open door, he spies an empty office -- through the window on the tarmac are a few military vehicles, a handful of airmen.
on deck, another crew member with both arms raised out at his sides yells orders.
sim, holmes, and watson enter the opera house through the stage door.
cedric pushes him off and starts to run.
sitting in a sea of empty seats, the producer and director followed the actress's awkward gaze.
bob reenters the diner to find kyle sitting at the counter, digging into a plate of banana pancakes.
nick catches kate's eye.
hi and ed are in front of it, hi aiming his scatter gun, ed a revolver.
jenny waves to the camera holding baby patrick in a cowboy outfit.
the guys face each other.
then it dawns on him.
the executioner and the rest of the men are shot to pieces as soldiers swarm in.
rose lifts the axe.
helen enters, closing the door behind her.
he gives a quick glance in each direction, to see that he's not observed.
a theater marquee can be seen on the busy street as holly and april walk down the street towards the camera, moving closer and closer as they talk.
including reggie and gideon and peter standing by, as well as some spectators.
he quickly hides an essay with a c minus grade.
and prince phillip sits up beside her.
as simon works to stop crying, melvin is weird with discomfort.
she drives off with a smile.
he struggles desperately to free himself from its ghastly grip.
latika snickers as she watches jamal pocket the 50 rupee note.
he breathes deeply, as if trying to come to a decision.
vincent has instinctively put simon on the defensive.
dobby grabs a lamp and hits himself.
the three friends look up, as a light comes on in an arched window in the roof at the rear of the shop.
indy kneels by henry's side and tilts his head forward and holds the grail to his lips.
amos hands off the contract to a clown.
he focuses his words on sandra.
icey is happy to let her mouth fall open and let out a gasp.
controlled by moody's wand, the spider hovers helplessly over a bucket of water.
they charge forward and ram the gate.
tuvia standing nearby sees the old man bearing his daughter.
the beast's sharp teeth are just poking his skin.
showing the two of them before the altar of the temple, moving closer to each other.
larry sprays him with the hose.
she heads back inside, studying the unopened letter, and goes to knock on the door of mr. bennet's study.
seen from further away, the rocks look more like gravel, and from even further away the gravel reveals itself as millions of grains of sand which sweep along the floor of the pit like waves on a beach.
the little honda slams into marsellus, sending him, the donuts and the coffee hitting the pavement at thirty miles an hour.
carl goes.
cal's forehead tenses as he closes, then opens his eyes.
footsteps descending stairs, more shouts, and.
she moves toward mozart with arms outstretched in an absurd theatrical gesture, then sees the emperor.
minnie picks up the remaining pie and flees.
he shoves the leopard coat and umbrella close to don.
he paces back and forth as he talks over the screen.
holmes grabs a club off one of the men watching and whacks the corsac in the face.
ron and hermione follow the other students, leaving harry alone in the quadrangle.
ron tries one.
from the other side of the room, david looks down at her and puts a finger to his lips.
they kiss passionately.
he smiles fondly.
she whacks him again, but then settles back in his arms.
harry swings peter like a club to hit sandman.
he reaches for the script.
they trade blows and smash into a scaffold which topples over, pulling on the rope, hauling them into the glass roof.
he removes the bloody dagger from dobby's chest.
chocolate milk mix is heaped into a tumbler.
simon holds the mirror poised for a moment of discovery, then he takes a breath -- like someone about to dive underwater.
george goes toward doorway.
thao follows walt down into the basement.
he ushers them out.
in the street, latika decides to dump the car and walk.
he runs around a walkway and leaps onto a low wall.
the few people in armstead's this day are not playing; they sit and read the papers.
heretofore motionless, the dude finally explodes, slapping walter's hands away.
even ping is a little affected.
the ornately carved wall clock at the top of the staircase sinks beneath the churning water.
holmes checks his watch, which rests on the table.
jack rushes inside, then runs down the grand staircase.
there's a guy on a moped behind them.
the three friends hang onto the dragon's horny spikes.
he points to his upper lip.
at a hospital, medics are about to operate on an unconscious octavius.
as they both clear out of the room, homer hangs by in the doorway.
she lowers her hand.
he brings the catfish up to his face.
eddie is about to knock on the door to sarah's apartment.
out of nowhere, a tear drops down sandra's cheek.
he passes a weathered road sign.
at home, her head shoveled, she sits contemplating the mountain of shopping bags in front of her, including the gucci boots.
joe remains silent, rendered extremely anxious by susan's inquiries.
his father, larry, greets him.
side by side, they stare at the shield.
darryl comes trotting down the stairs.
her own hand snatches her out of view and she collapses with her feet sticking out.
puzzled, harry stares at his hands again, then looks around for the philosopher's stone.
he folds it shut, and answers his cell phone.
mirabehn looks at her, accepting the warmth behind the teasing.
the rumpled figure slowly sits up and remains motionless.
sim, watson, and a group of gypsy men ride through the forest.
soldiers advance on the barricade and start to climb up it.
she twists her body then arcs her leg in the air.
rick comes quickly up to renault.
she runs on ahead of them.
graham slowly gets up from the bed.
fergus and dil looking at their menus.
rick sees carl attending to laszlo, who appears to be injured.
in the morning, she's lying asleep on her bed fully clothed as charlotte in skull cap and dressing gown burst into her room and starts pulling clothes from the wardrobe.
the man turns and disappears.
they stealthily tucked the weapons in their pants.
he digs into a pocket and tosses his car keys to a dumbfounded delmar.
he uses a tool to pick the lock.
now, in bed, sandy lies on his side.
a beat, then he heads for the edge of the crowd.
harry's eyes are wide with amazement.
harry starts walking.
peter, looking as if he's been hit in the stomach, watches in numb shock as she hurries away off the bridge.
meanwhile, lovejoy approaches cal, who stands beside the small boat, called a collapsible.
jackson looks skywards when he hears the helicopter.
eyes downcast, dillinger stays seated by his deceased partner.
in the foreground, neff and lola are having dinner.
harry trails tom through the quiet room.
the soldier shoots lewis in the shoulder.
harry turns his attention from cho and sees hermione looking like a princess in pink.
debbie is making dinner.
but the telephone is suddenly alive with a powerful male voice calling.
a man in the crowd holds out a cup of water to brody.
hermione and ron walk into the hall.
patting will's shoulder, dr. bennett leaves.
and once he's said the name.
the bristol pulls up at some old-timbered houses.
he is filled with sadness.
he stares at them for a moment, then moves for the doyle house.
thelma is still struggling and there are tears running down her face.
he kisses her on the cheek.
rose hands the heart of the ocean necklace to jack.
the shining blade of sting as it hacks through the fibrous strands.
cole's eyes start to water up.
peter throws harry off the sky stick and fires a couple of web threads, using them to catapult himself down after the falling ring.
benjamin tentatively tries a spoonful of caviar.
in the corner the three nurses and the doctor are working over the beetle patient, the doctor giving him a hypo, the nurses getting him into the straitjacket.
he looks at nick.
nice guy eddie walks in and everybody jumps.
pete throws his cupcake against the wall.
case closed, ricky goes back to his calculations.
sirius fends him off and pulls harry to safety.
he steps out and grabs bob around the neck with an instantaneous lunge.
malcolm glances around the empty church before looking back up to cole.
as mourners leave, walt uses jump leads to get a woman's car started.
the dog opens its three mouths.
ron spots ginny with dean thomas.
the colonel is taken aback but quickly covers.
he shoves the glass across his desk toward curly.
he holds it out to elsa.
anna sits at the kitchen table fanning herself with a magazine.
inside, we see annie turn on the tv.
the army of the dead suddenly leap straight out of the sides of the ships!
ehrlich, haranguing father.
evan slowly walks up the driveway, which is now a dilapidated mess.
frodo and sam stagger out of the sammath naur.
walker measures gandhi with a little surprise.
henry glances back and looks rather disappointed.
he parks his car in front of his cottage and gets out.
they stand very close to each other, framed by the door and a stark, subtly striped wallpapered wall.
the audience all turn to him.
he looks up earnestly at john.
he towels it dry as he moves to his bedroom window.
now ravers dance under bright flashing lights in a warehouse.
nick and martini shove welch out the door, then run back to help george to his feet.
the figure in the archway is gone.
harry takes the egg and puts it under the water.
dillinger crosses through the metal gate, followed by his now partially dressed gang.
the boys are scared as they watch the creature hold woodward tight -- lift him -- and its tentacles suddenly thrust into his nose, ears and mouth -- joe stands and looks intently at the screen.
cereal boxes shake as kate reaches out for them.
she takes lizzie into the drawing room and walks over to the window.
as he opens them, a moth flutters from his palms.
they look with wonderment at the vista spread before them.
she opens the door and shuffles in with the aid of the zimmer.
mr. bingley is out shooting.
she drags him along the floor.
as peter comes running up to her.
gandhi nods to nehru, accepting the news with a sad wistfulness.
he gazes in horror at the unsecured hatch door in the attic.
they row away from the lothlorien shore into the silverlode river.
fred you said.
she tries to lead ron away.
he inches closer.
he is behind the counter when george comes in.
one of the two troop carriers is paralleling the tank and like pirates boarding a galleon, nazi soldiers leap over the treads and are swarming all over indy.
chili turns to a guy a few seats away from him.
he suddenly snaps his eyes open.
he turns, offering sir george a whiskey in a finely cut glass of crystal.
a blonde maid dangles from the railing near rose, who looks into the young woman's eyes as she loses her grip and falls.
the invisibility cloak drops and harry is revealed, looking cross.
barnes sees a still frame of him being shot.
frodo, sam, merry and pippin come rushing in.
a slim young woman arranges some white hydrangeas in a glass vase.
indy and henry down the passageway just as a huge stone column tumbles down upon the spot where they stood.
he punches jack in the stomach.
it's racked by a series of explosions.
the cave troll, with aragorn at his mercy, is distracted by the sounds emanating from mordor.
marcus looks incredulously at willie who drags on a fag.
only holly is seen as she talks to the offscreen hannah, the camera moving in closer on her face.
morgan hands graham the monitor in the front seat.
gin leans back against the grill of the chevy and lights himself a smoke.
he nods and walks away.
for a brief moment, sunlight streams through the hole onto pelennor fields.
barnes pulls his gun and heads for the underpass.
she looks toward the entrance to the diner.
asael chases after the fleeing private and brings him down.
range rovers slowly emerge, flanked by four bodyguards.
thenardier beckons cosette to him, but she doesn't go.
we slowly fade to black.
as we come closer, eventually drawing in to a close shot of his face, we gradually realize something peculiar about his eyes: he seems to have none.
they step into their cabin, champagne is on ice.
a man has his arm around a woman.
constanze gets up, perplexed.
he flicks the fly away.
flames spew from the burner above his head.
parrish's face reveals a desperate searching for a last name, a furtive glance at joe.
forrest stops running.
as he reaches up to unhook a chain from a ring on his vest shoulder.
he starts into mary's car.
don follows her.
mike's sister, elizabeth, has a cake for him.
forrest begins firing his weapon into the jungle.
thao stumbles and falls backwards, tripping walt in the process.
the guests at the song-writer's party begin to move silently back to the studio apartment.
george bangs the receiver down and turns to meet uncle billy's anxious look.
hi flops over onto his stomach and starts wriggling under the car.
forrest runs into the end zone.
puffing on his pipe, holmes makes his way across a quadrangle and goes into a building.
edwards reaches out and opens a white locker, revealing a black suit hung from a hanger in the middle.
as the band loudly plays on, the camera moves across the spellbound audience, sitting at crowded, smoky, small tables, to reveal a stricken mickey and a mesmerized holly squeezed together at one of them.
the car directly ahead of him does not move to the right.
the turk stands alone in the center of the temple.
peter exerts all his strength and throws the side wall after it.
hawaii is devastated.
he leaves the house and heads towards the light.
barty narrows his eyes and flickers out his tongue.
when he goes to release it, she clutches it.
darcy flicks water from his hair and leans back on towels against the high end of the bath.
melvin, ever the shark observer, looks from the cab to see slices of community life -- men in front of a bar, parents giving their child a ride on a mechanical horse outside a local store -- two young women discuss dating.
it runs up the side of the building and is lined with waiting people.
she looks at him for a very strange, long beat.
jenny arrives home.
the crowd, as they see the figure.
harry turns to his father.
the soldier places a case of beer on a large stack of cases.
he holds scabbers protectively.
beneath the surface, blackness gives way to light from above, seen through a haze of bubbles, before the blackness closes around him again.
evan, seven again, stands in the basement dressed in his robin hood costume as mr. miller prepares for the sex scene.
on a stage, kids paint a set.
nick sits watching woozily with catherine slumped against him.
cooley looks up.
weapons raised, they pass burning buildings and approach the tree line.
he reaches her.
jenny opens the door.
he is heading straight for her, she tries to make him out, seems to recognize him, starts to walk towards him as if pulled by a magnet.
it's a race for daylight as the two freighters drift ever closer to one another.
harry backs away, holds the script to his chest.
harry's eyes are fixed on umbridge.
he tethers his horse and, as we pan and track on behind him, walks to the bottom of the steps; ruby moves into side of shot: beyond preacher, rachel stands behind her screen door, hands folded under apron.
evan and kayleigh exchange worried looks.
she is standing talking to one of the boys, freddie, a glass of punch in her hand.
a snatcher leaps down in front of him.
orders are being barked -- residents can be heard, complaining and arguing.
laurie continues to hear weird sounds.
he stands and stares across at a bespectacled middle-aged woman, who is sitting in a glass-fronted office.
then, so that he won't see her moist eyes, she turns and hurries into the entrance hall.
leaping up, lockhart grabs ron's wand.
for a moment he is hidden by the wall.
later, peter rushes into the hospital.
jack lifts his hands and shrugs.
they're hounded along by nazi officers.
when it subsides, tyeb mohammed rises near the back, where he is seated with a number of other young men.
willie looks round at sue.
it is on the ground; we don't see their chins.
he gestures to the back of the train.
ron follows harry reluctantly.
it unites with a second wave, and pursues harry, ron, and hermione.
taylor and barnes lead the way.
he turns back to henry.
and behind him now, drawing closer all the time, is the deadly edge of the cliffs of insanity.
the light from the second street lamp disappears, and then a third.
the mayor waves to the crowd, then steps back from the lectern to welcome president ashton with a handshake.
he turns to look and sees reggie.
buttercup, staring out the window of her room.
he has approached the chief police officer.
back on the deck of the keldysh, rose tosses the diamond necklace into the sea.
the kimono falls to the floor gently, with a whisper.
a sheet of flame catches a volunteer in a brown shirt.
harken rams them in his suv.
the camera is back on lee.
george has turned woodenly and walks away, leaving the campfire's flickering circle of light.
we watch the scene on stage as the commendatore addresses giovanni.
sarah hands a child to its mother.
he opens the door to his room and steps in.
murdoch glances around, then turns to a sailor.
aibileen looks from smiling pearly to smiling minnie.
she lets out an inhuman scream and scrambles across the diner, knocking tables and chairs over in her wake.
frodo winces as the tip of the dagger sinks into his shoulder.
but they fail to notice him.
then he coughs -- trying to suppress it.
with a look, he thanks her.
patel, mirabehn, azad, bourke-white are gripped by the same realization.
the dude is shoved in and awkwardly takes a seat facing the rear.
pete's friend barry is part of the group.
klaatu calmly adjusts his tie.
elijah looks to his mother.
carl's beside him, looking anxious, with his hand on norm's shoulder.
peter sounders over to harry.
sandra screams, holds on.
she beckons him.
frodo and gollum locked in struggle plummet over the edge of the chasm.
enjolras and the students are huddled in the room above.
as george opens the door he sees uncle billy frantically looking for the missing envelope.
part of the residue is a drunk who sits on the shoeshine seat, fast asleep.
he puts down the cake of soap, pulls out the bag, opens it.
then he goes to the bedroom.
the waitress, bernadette, gets it.
the camera moves back to the stunned mickey and hannah, following dr. smith with their eyes.
he and beamen are joined by norther winslow (30), who fancies himself a cultured artist, though he's never left the state.
banky sits on a curb, staring into the distance, holden saunters up and sits beside him.
the sheets are rumpled and tossed about.
holly, standing in the hallway onscreen, swallows loudly.
juno starts to go.
her long sleek red hair draped over one shoulder.
now he slowly reaches for the lever.
john looks at her a moment.
they pass a sign.
it reads ames billiards.
they follow the black guy, who has a shaven head and several tattoos.
she looks out anxiously at the menacing clouds.
mary follows him with her eyes.
carl leads them inside.
the queen puts tony on the speaker.
a little girl in the vast crowd points up and a wave of heads turn to face spider-man swinging down on a thread.
he throws his black jacket over the steel bed frame and sits close to queenie.
jameson looks through the window at his assistant and points to one of a dozen pills bottles.
golden light bathes her face as she lies sleeping peacefully.
at the front of the house, celia sees a gap in the curtains and gives a cheery smile.
bert gets up, amazed by his vanishing.
melvin starts to walk back to his apartment door which is directly opposite simon's.
humperdinck, entering the room, staring at them.
the troll drops harry.
and a huge, slimy wad of goo shoots from him and engulfs both shotguns.
javert draws his pistol and holds it to valjean's head.
he notices her, but doesn't speak.
charlie looks over at him, and the smile becomes a grin.
the pub doors fly open, reveal main street, where ron and hermione wait, rubbing their hands against the chill.
the woman looks over the one being offered and then points to the sports illustrated peeking out of the seat pocket.
the shot goes in and he lines up another.
he lifts the bulging plastic trash bag out of the trash can and carries it outside.
the next morning, joe is asleep in bed.
he fills a plastic container from a water cooler.
grinning, she pats him sympathetically on the back.
the others return.
he hangs up again.
holden catches up to her.
he opens it and gets in.
the audience applauds wildly.
harry and hermione reach the top of the ridge.
then they both become aware of a strange sound in the skies behind them.
harry joins hermione.
carl and norman go into an office.
they engulf the station house, back and front, and on the other side of the train more people are packed all along its length, and beyond them along the narrow street that stretches through the little collection of houses adjoining the station, every rooftop is covered -- men, women with babes in arms, children.
keyes stands up.
david throws off the inert form and the maintenance man falls face down, motionless.
his eyes catch a slant of light now coming from the kitchen.
randal enters, wearing his equipment.
bond looks at an old propeller transport plane as camille gets out of the car.
mj, in chains, is tied to a pillar.
bond activates the tracking function on his phone.
they put up their hands without resistance.
kate holds her hand to her mouth.
the little dog emerges reluctantly from the shadows, and steps into the basket.
gandhi holds her back so that he can look at her.
the executioner lifts his blade and -- with a brutal fury -- plunges it into the flesh of a pumpkin with a sickening chop.
as fletcher stares, policemen emerge from their office.
peter, in his smart suit, gazes at her as he listens.
he stands by the window, knowing he will die now, proud and unafraid.
jody looks around him.
pete grabs a flaming faggot and hurls it down at the deputized congregation.
a tight spotlight follows him, revealing faces in the crowd.
a soldier runs to ferris.
nick sits on the stairs having a drink.
the salesman has taken two bottles from the rack in the foreground and put them on the counter.
holding a round leather quaffle, ginny aim's it at cormac's goal.
robbie looks up and sees jessica sitting with her parents.
they talk happily together.
stunned, he leaps to his feet and runs, crabbe and goyle huffing and puffing behind.
she looks up in surprise; the music stops.
charlie's brow is anxiously wrinkled.
the dragon's massive head and body are covered with sharp, lethal spikes.
they look at each other with a kind of fear a rampant crowd can excite in those who must hold it.
she sips her drink then says.
the ultrasound tech exits in a huff.
a congregation is seated behind her - the bride's side wearing police blues; the groom's side, hawaiian shirts.
its old stone and huge towers make it stand out from the modern buildings all around it.
forrest pulls lt. dan over his shoulder and runs through the jungle.
thomas runs into the gloom behind the warehouses and comes out in a dimly lit road.
she breaks off with a little laugh, and a slight reproachful look at jeff.
mirabehn sits next to her, rubbing a hand up and down her arm.
the lights go down.
and a vintage truck and automobile come roaring out from behind the pueblo (driven by two more gang members).
through groggy eyes, he sees the helmeted men carrying him under a high ceiling with bright lights.
he swipes again.
they lie on the floor close to bed.
the escalade pulls off the highway and rolls to a stop at the lonely row of old gas pumps.
sam studies her for a moment, then turns and calls.
looking worried, lockhart passes harry.
outside his digs, his landlord is mopping the floor.
the car pulls up outside an isolated railway station, and the kids get out.
white-haired woman tells her story.
he looks one way down the corridor, and then turns to look the other way.
she begins gesturing to him how to take care of his flowers.
chili sits down on the sofa again; he can't believe how easy this is gonna be.
then he sees it.
he strides over to his desk, revealing a frightened mickey, sitting in a chair opposite it.
the stag stands still.
later, everyone files out at the concert hall.
the film moves up to the private boxes in the upper loge.
he hangs up.
nick walks back over to paula.
soldier's feet moving in the slow step, half- step, step of the requiem march.
it doesn't work, so he tosses it away.
frowning, he goes to a window and looks down into the empty garden, with its swings, climbing frame and picnic bench.
gandhi is still puzzled by his belligerence, but is beginning to react to it, this time with a touch of irony.
ferris' ties are cut.
elliot looks listless.
ben is walking alongside elaine.
sits down and picks up a phone.
grainy black and white footage shows him.
she has reached the stairway leading up and to the right.
sun drenched images: of trees.
they step inside.
a faint light rises from gandalf's staff, throwing a creepy glow across the old wizards face.
a guard reaches for the younger inmate's gun.
charles watches -- in awe -- he's suddenly, giddily transported.
he pouts and frowns.
hi cocks a finger at the suspect.
evan sees her but remains expressionless.
they stare at one another until bond breaks eye contact.
a snow dusted black limousine draws up.
he sets a beer down in front of her.
they head along corridors to join hani in the meeting room.
silent pause, listening; then he walks cautiously towards us.
the sun blazes down on a rocky desert.
nick goes to a window.
pacing now, with his hands clasped together behind his head, a cigarette dangling between his lips, brian looks alternately at his office floor, then at the clock.
he glances at charlie again.
he smiles and waves.
a crowded classroom.
at the holbrooks', hilly with her hair in curling clips is scowling at the newspaper.
an army photographer is filming the event.
harry drops the trunk.
nullah leaps over the fence before being grabbed by the man.
she and helen walk through a cemetery.
his jaw goes slack.
as david faintly nods, the smiling woman shakes her head.
he shakes her.
a steel gate is drawn across its entrance.
holden rubs his eyes.
an uptempo big-band sound is heard as the movie cuts to mickey's examination, beginning with a close-up of dr. abel using an otoscope to examine the ear of a nervous mickey.
ron recast the spell on bogrod, who smiles benignly.
dillinger hikes up his pants as he enters the main office.
pyarelal takes up a position next to him, the marchers follow.
this is what they see: four men digging with shovels and pick-axes.
she hesitates then talks to herself.
a surging gang of youths, many carrying torches, and far outnumbering the little group of police and soldiers, are shouting up at the roof.
escobar turns to gittes.
on stage don giovanni is seized and gripped by the statue's icy hand.
ben almost runs into him.
the caretaker's scary red-eyed cat watches them run down a torch-lit corridor.
frodo looks at strider questioningly.
when it rises, she blinks, eyes the hand that lies upon harry's shoulder.
peter's cold black eyes settled on mary jane who looks devastated.
there are two bodies hanging from bare rafters in the remains of a hut.
seeing things are safe, evan backs away from the mail.
seated beside a gob smacked sophie.
they shake their heads.
he points at the china closet.
high on a hill beyond the station, hogwarts school rises above green fields,its towers and turrets outlined against the sky.
david makes his way across, then waits at his bus stop.
the quartermaster at the wheel glances back at the phone.
there is an exchange of suspicious looks between wick and helen.
at the bar, berger sips a drink.
on the shore, bn fires a loaded bazooka.
joe's modern train is unconvincingly blown up.
he crashes into a brick wall and collapses on the ground.
she refuses.
joseph stirs but doesn't wake up.
nicole sits in a chair on the veranda taking pictures.
his smile is sardonic, but genuine, theirs embarrassed and self-conscious.
she drops his phone into his coffee, which bubbles as the phone rings.
jody writhes on top of her, fumbling with his belt.
carol, a load has been lifted.
he stares blankly at the table.
michael just shakes his head.
as dumbledore's gaze finds harry, he shuts his eyes, feigns sleep.
the batsman has hit a four and we see him run down the pitch with his partner until the four is certain, then.
mark pulls a chain to illuminate a bare bulb.
at a bar, a stocky man with slicked back hair notices them.
she descends three steps from the gallery area where she was watching and cautiously approaches the tent.
a blade shoots out, but the goblin is hit by debris.
in the car, maguire turns off the engine.
he looks to his left and freaks.
mr. weasley leads them to a shabby two-man tent.
then again, maybe he is.
he holds a spear gun in his hand.
carrying a jerrycan, he reaches a garage.
sparks fly.
cavalieri turns with a savage look at mozart and leaves the stage the opposite way, to her dressing room, tossing her plumed head.
watching from the crow's nest, another man, fleet, looks down and taps his comrade, lee, on the arm.
the pov glides silently through the house into the kitchen, up to a drawer.
she sits on her knees on the floor, pecking at the keys of her typewriter with one finger.
vincent takes his place at the sink.
he flips it open, sees the picture of the soldier and dil.
willie applies the drill to the safe.
joseph turns back to his father and takes his hand.
harry is sitting on a bed, dumbledore walks in.
benjamin shakes his head.
jeff, who is still staring out the window, has a look of sudden discovery on his face.
the hogwarts express puffs its way across a barren landscape.
sarah emerges from the building and leans wearily against the awning.
we see him through window.
the man kisses the woman.
ryan frowns awkwardly and holds out his hands.
the man in the panama hat (years older now) removes the cross of coronado from indy's belt.
they're talking excitedly but quietly.
a police car with a search lamp mounted by the passenger window turns onto the street behind him and drives down the road at a walking pace.
behind the herd is a wall of flame.
she gapes in surprise as she sees zoe devouring the bowl of spaghetti.
over this hold-frame shot we hear the voices from heaven.
he settles beside willie and opens the relevant door on the calendar, then reads what's written on the back of the door.
her hair is now bottle-blonde.
she hitchhikes.
sarah and eddie emerges from the doorway.
joe brings his hands up to his face, screaming, and falls to the ground.
a ghastly, shapeless figure appears in front of harry, riving and twisting as it slowly takes human form.
harry throws his arms around the giant's waist and hugs him.
a shrug, and they lean into the song with a will.
in the office, jack tries to pull off the handcuffs.
crane up and up until the barricade and the army that entraps it has become a small pool of darkness in the centre of the bright lights of paris.
he taps his forehead with one finger.
rose opens the elevator doors and steps into a flood corridor.
queenie's daughter wears a black veil.
moving shot toward the wallace house, dark and ominous.
as he cooks his heroin.
as their defiant roar carries through the night air we see that gandhi sits cross-legged on the platform.
the waiter pours out the sherry as eddie and sarah stare at each other over their glasses.
the two brothers tumble down a slope next to the passing train.
one man wears a white t-shirt and a black hat.
melvin is just about to enter his apartment.
a number of urchins climb out of the elephant and slide down ropes.
she sighs and, carrying a washing basket, runs downstairs.
mr. gardiner smiles over at mr. darcy.
willie's eyes do not leave the spot in space.
the drawing shows a child holding a bloody knife while standing on a heap of dead bodies.
beyond is a stately victorian building.
reacting quickly, edwards bats it out of the perp's hand.
he heads into the hall.
the van travels across the barren and scorched land leaving a trail of dust.
mr. braddock is passionately stoking a barbeque fire.
without the story, he's lost.
debbie reaches out a hand and grabs desi's breast.
the housekeeper now makes her way out into the garden to take down the washing.
he knocks back a shot.
stroking his hair.
he stands up and walks towards the mouth of the tunnel.
when michael doesn't respond in kind, bob falls silent.
reese's lips move, as if in silent prayer.
it is orchestral ballet music, in a modern style.
harry walks and walks and walks, then stops.
fergus reaches for his wallet to pay, but col interrupts.
in doing so, he knocks alison's handbag to the floor.
she sits down on the bed.
the chief leans forward, takes the wallet and sorts through it with disgusted incredulity.
in the last fraction of a second before wick enters, he manages to lower the bottle back down the wall.
prince humperdinck, and he's so panicked he doesn't know whether to pee or wind his watch.
she gives a satisfied smile as she tests the elastic.
people stand at small white tables with shiny balloons floating on ribbons above them.
boy #1 and boy #2 turn back toward the bikes.
he lands on top of the van, hitting flint with a volley of wet balls.
lovejoy follows cal, who walks through the bridge.
he cuts the coke.
then she gets out of the car.
they turn their heads right to look along the road and see lights.
he takes a last puff on his cigarette then leans forward and tosses it off the ship.
the young man wheels his bicycle away.
andy lets herself into miranda's townhouse, carrying miranda's dry cleaning and the book.
pete, debbie, oliver, barry and barb are getting food from the buffet.
they all stare in the direction of the barking beyond the wooden mantle piece which stands at the far end of the room.
there are two menus on the table.
his colleague pats him.
forrest turns the tv off and he is hit on the back of the head by a ping-pong ball.
they stand next to each other guiltily, as nullah climbs down from the tree.
she smiles, takes a deep breath and continues typing.
in a beauty product store, cal's credit card is swiped again.
she picks up her purse and gloves and leaves.
she comes out.
moriarty and another man, matthew, are there.
the huge enclosed square of the plaza is surrounded by terra cotta colored buildings.
en-joo jumps off, rounds the corner of a hut with his weapon raised and takes cover.
holding the phial containing snape's tears, harry removes the stopper.
furious, hermione threatens malfoy, her wand at his throat.
harry slowly walks up.
some read newspapers, others stare into space or out of the windows, but never looking at the poles.
minnie sees her as well and presses herself against the aisle.
in the master-at-arms' office, jack looks out through a porthole at the water, which almost reaches the middle of the glass.
ashley drops the cigarette and blows out smoke.
the sound of a tumbler tripping and, suddenly, light sweeps in as the safe door opens to reveal a smiling willie with his stethoscope in his ears.
eddie puts a bottle into the pocket of his jacket and returns to the table to screw together his cue stick.
a boy collapses.
nehru has slammed the door of a gleaming rolls royce touring car, the top down.
the queen turns triumphantly.
jackson and yuri join him and sasha in the cockpit
shouse lands on the side of the road, face down in the grass.
holden stands before her, smiling.
mrs. gump leaves and closes the door.
the car speeds down an empty road lines with tall evergreens that jut into the pale blue sky.
jay's smile vanishes and his jaw drops as he figures it out.
chewing on snacks, they all share a look.
jack signs and dates the drawing, then blows on it.
malcolm takes his time.
andy is sitting in the back of a chic, chauffeur-driven car as they travel through the paris streets and among the champs elysees.
at the top one of the children stares in wonder at the lavage santa's grotto that's been constructed.
lee brackett strolls out to the car and leans down to the window.
and finally meha's wife, sitting near ba, the two women listening together but meha's wife looks like a woman who has given up, her hair is dead and hardly combed, her sari dirty.
his face is solemn.
mike looks down to see -- they are now fifteen feet above the ground.
ricky gets up and goes to his bureau.
the tracks, one careens through the station building, smashing it to match wood.
nd shoves the clip into the handgun.
theoden his head lowered.
he turns to walk away, but the sound of the quarter dropping into the change slot stops him.
a hooded figure ascends a curved staircase towards a gallery.
hi is driving, his jaw rigidly set, his temple throbbing.
dave walking, holding dil by the arm.
the train is barreling down the track.
the film cuts to april, standing in the doorway of the dining room and holding a drink.
moriarty goes to a table and picks up a chess timing clock.
szpilman catches his breath by a building.
she grasps the fabric and holds it straight out just as melvin opens the door.
the interrogator returns, shuts the door, and eyes billie.
roscoe rolls to the edge of the car but keeps from falling.
harry tosses and turns in his sleep.
another woman working at her desk looks up, as does a woman at the next desk.
hi and ed are raising their heads.
on ben's back as he returns to the chair and sits.
mrs. gump looks up in shock.
purvis fires relentlessly from cowley's car as it gains on baby face.
he is alone and wears a bowler and a straight raincoat.
they run to the gate and clutch the bars.
thao comes back in.
he, in turn, kneads her shoulder, chuckling with equal tenderness.
the delighted young wizards fling their pointed hats high above their heads.
seeing him the soldiers hesitate.
suddenly she breaks into laughter.
he strides down the corridor past the agents who are still writhing in agony.
valjean stands to face javert.
on the floor of the convention, some listen, some talk of other things.
harry grasps his wand.
the newlyweds's apartment has the shades still drawn.
he hands her the wine bucket and she places it on the table.
fezzik helps inigo raise westley just high enough so he can see for himself.
he rises quickly.
as the carriage draws away, darcy stands watching it.
behind the woman is a couch.
gittes on the ground can see only his tormentor's two-tone brown and white wing-tipped shoes, lightly freckled with his blood.
the staff watched him pass with po-faced curiosity.
from beneath the pile of rubble, a hand appears.
he tugs away, then gives it up as a bad job.
through alternate pools of light and shadows cast by the arches but the man walks fast enough to disappear from sight around the curve of the building.
the town erupts in agreement.
she listens a moment to the songwriter's melody.
willie and marcus stop in their tracks and watch the burly man storm out.
as they wade through a reed bed, their steps making spirals in the placid surface of the water.
it slams into the mouth of the tunnel, shearing off its wings.
his brow furrowed, cal looks down at the ground.
but then she sees something that disturbs her: jack's cruiser pulls up.
a depleted, exhausted carol approaches her home.
he kisses her cheek.
abby looks at him, nodding, then.
aragorn smiles up at gandalf.
the crowd is in a happy and appreciative mood: it is a delightful open-air scene.
her chest heaves as she leans back against the wall.
quince is struck dumb.
emily's new heart lies still in the open cavity of her chest.
a couple of men are crowding around her, each one bent on taking her out.
audrey is taken off guard by the question.
they rise from prayer as jinnah comes down the steps to them.
nick turns away to get the drinks.
we can see this is a nice place as harry crosses the entry hall to a doorway, the flickering light of the television emitting from inside the room.
the swarm approaches a sports stadium, which crumbles to dust as the cloud engulfs it.
cal turns to glance at robbie.
a second officer promptly tases her, sending her sprawling.
swinging from a thread, he sweeps low between the line of cars and up to a high roof adorned with lanterns.
gandhi mulls it, then.
as he heads over to them, mrs. boswell firmly grabs his shoulders and steers him back to his own desk.
merry moves past pippin, toward frodo, watching intently.sam keeps looking around nervously.
everyone stares at eddie as he scratches his head, alone with his private joke.
the movie briefly cuts back to the stage.
lynda tries to fight off the ghost.
he notices they are holding hands.
as lee speaks, elliot parts a hanging curtain against the wall to reveal a stereo and some records.
a red inflection point pulses larger.
the robbers have the cop tied to a chair and are still wailing on him.
forrest turns and looks.
clayton harding turns to look at him.
quick as a flash the heretofore languid smalls bolts forward, his fist stopped an inch short of nathan's nose.
he is looking up from a dirty magazine, reacting in horror to something approaching.
the light catches it, revealing the disfigured face and beard of a shopping mall santa claus, his oversized belly gruesomely distended.
the ringwraith spins around at the sound, and darts to the far side of the road with frightening speed.
he screams up at the night, until his breath is gone.
the pomeranian trots happily behind walter who totes the empty carrier.
he speaks while holding the orange.
as they talk camera slowly moves around them to a view of the street.
we follow it as the wind carries it in a circle around us, sometimes whipping it about violently, or, without warning, sending it soaring skyward, then letting it float gracefully down to the ground.
the queen casts her gaze skyward, dabs some tears with a handkerchief, then, wipes her nose.
peter pettigrew, wormtail, locks harry and ron in a cellar.
joe, alice and tina follow the sheriff through the alien's maze of equipment.
dillinger leaves the remaining agents behind.
all the money is in jars of coins.
merrill and bo lower their arms, morgan settles himself back down on the sofa.
tarmac cracks as jackson looks back into the rv.
the tall civil servant, moving with aloof distaste for his assignment, walks ahead of gandhi, who in turn is followed by one of the prison guards, toward a grand staircase that is at right angles to them (i.e.
we're near the gas pumps, low to the ground -- dolly as jack, edie and mr. blakely come out here.
it happens too quick for cole to react.
debbie opens a window and sneaks a cigarette.
marley stands at the front door, wagging his tail.
greene is watching from his box.
she sighs and her eyes well with tears.
camera begins to pull up and away.
elsa takes a look for herself -- then glances up at indy.
hearing a noise, they turn towards it.
aibileen clark, the narrator, is garnishing a dish with grapes.
helen rises and follows him over to the line of house phones on a shelf.
then crosses to a woman with a small girl.
a man pushes tommy forward.
bond's blue eyes are icy with fury at the man responsible for vesper's death.
then, stands and walks back across the kitchen.
in his outflung hand lies a cassette case labeled venice.
merry & pippin are in full voice, on top of one of the tables.
wearing a white dressing gown and with damp hair, kate strides down the hallway.
he sits there a moment, also staring at the phone.
she looks over his shoulder and reads.
cole comes on stage holding a painted cardboard monkey.
john points out a place beneath a shelf laden with mason jars; it is at the most distant part of the cellar from the stairs.
another snowball flies out of the forest.
watchful, ready, waiting.
the european picks his pocket.
they move threateningly towards his face.
fats opens a fresh bottle of whisky.
charles reacts to the exhaust bank.
he turns around and swallows.
as the great boulders land among them the orc start to panic.
the man looks up at the floor display as it changes from 10 to nine.
he hands her over to her bemused parents and walks away.
nodding greetings to uniformed officers and finely attired ladies.
kneels down taking off his hat and kisses the ground.
above him, jay leans over, staring down.
celia hugs her.
hermione spins into his arms.
alice considers this -- then, after a beat, starts doing her best zombie.
they head off.
he pats a child's head.
graham looks uneasy.
he has dark worried eyes and a goatee.
she has on new dress and eddie, looking a little ill at ease, has on a suit and tie.
jane turns and stares at him, waiting for him to finish.
jeff, stella and lisa are grouped at the window, looking out.
dillinger lowers his shades and meets his mug shot's stern gaze.
neff is moving slowly along the shelves, outwardly calm but with his nerves on edge.
his eyes lock on gollum.
two agents close the doors leaving adrian and wilson in the gloom.
don is panting hard, completely oblivious of the fact that helen is in the room.
of course his father's not going to be okay.
he moves to the wall -- looks through the hole: in the distance, trees and the town water tower.
a police car is on the drive, and a boy, joe lamb, sits on a swing in the garden.
arrows point in opposite directions to venice and berlin.
jack stops, turns to uncomfortable nelec.
gittes looks irritated.
aibileen has heard every word.
everyone gathered in the candlelit room turns to look at peter.
the cauldron bursts into flame and a reformed voldemort emerges.
she meets david's gaze.
she walks further and further away; she turns a corner.
she counts silently, using fingers as marks.
his left eye is bruised.
mitch and karen take a seat in the front pew aside steve.
the man has a rattled face and sports a beard.
he peers intently into potter's face.
harry puts a ticket in the slot.
harry gazes down at the small still body, lying in his arms.
he brings the stick closer to him and studies their movements.
he is staring across the field, stock-still, having heard, smelled or sensed something.
ithilien rangers take position; they are all weathered, hardened, professional soldiers.
one of the officers who's just entered points at the ceiling.
he begins to remove her blouse.
joe sees a pickup pull onto the tracks ahead of the train.
rebecca forces a smile.
the hovering dementors chase the group into the lift.
through the crack we can see the edge of a young woman, talking in hushed tones with another girl we can't see.
tuvia has his back turned as a bearded jew spits on a man.
nizar opens his mouth and looks ahead thoughtfully.
all the children enter, around corner of house.
they giggle as andy creeps upstairs.
she walks up to him with a smile.
a grey beard trails down his chest.
a white sedan brakes sharply as he bounds out into the road.
hagrid sighs, relieved.
we pull back to reveal that the blackness was the inside of a ball return, and the gleaming bowling ball is being regurgitated up at us, overtaking us.
rather as if someone might have already opened it and then stuck it back down with a bit too much adhesive.
the four tri-wizard champions are stood together in a group.
there are zippers, buckles and studs here and there on the body.
david goes to the driver's door and gets in the car.
energy spent, each of them crawls towards his own wand.
he's been fingering the envelope.
neff comes up level with lola and leads her towards his office, camera with them.
hurtling above hogwart's, harry shouts with exhilaration.
the ice is put on a tray.
just as the girls are heading back inside, lydia chases after them.
the windows open, reading one of melvin's books.
juno, her father mac, her stepmother bren, and liberty bell sit at a very typical kitchen table, eating dinner.
javier, the new fat weatherman, takes a huge bite.
the hideous cloaked figure floats into the compartment and faces harry.
excited children, chasing after the cart.
they moved towards the landing pad as the helicopter touches down
he ducks down behind the pastry table.
he looks at it and her.
as miranda, who's wearing large jackie o-style sunglasses, makes to get into the car, she suddenly spots andy standing across the street.
he contemplates the black spider suit inside.
the heavy wheels slow to a halt.
fergus and dil, on the stairs up to dil's flat.
she stares at him slack-jawed.
confused by her reaction, he follows.
he looks again.
she goes off.
enjolras addresses the group.
he turns, sees mary standing in the doorway.
david swallows, his eyes fixed on the woman.
then eddie returns to his bed, leaves the keys to the packard and some money on the night table next to charlie.
then he moves to one side of the platform and looks ahead along the track to orientate himself.
turning, he grabs the photograph of his parents.
the camera is on a row of sandals by the door -- patel's, azad's, desai's, gandhi's.
harry crosses to the ring of sinks which are set around the base of an ornate marble structure.
indy brings the jug to his lips and takes several large swallows.
the cop moves around wildly.
the stranger looks at malcolm.
miranda vets outfits.
patrolman gets in the driver's side.
they stop by rose bushes.
the carriage is filled with passengers.
the ponytail man finishes dialing.
inside berniski, his wife and two sons who were with him at koscik's house, are having dinner.
george looks at them, feeling very grown up and out of place.
he leans forward.
fergus takes out another picture of jody and of a beautiful black woman, smiling.
he takes a long drink as margaret exits the toilet and he goes in.
pete hops up on the counter, aiming his machine gun.
peter makes him move as they start to follow her.
he holds out his hands to her; she comes to his lap, dropping her doll at his feet.
they both sip.
a woman is dragged from the smoky dance hut.
marius sits, lost in thought.
on the lookout turret, guards take aim.
he puts it in the pocket of his suit.
later, doors fly off the hinges.
peter then spots an advert.
he wraps his arm around her waist, pulls her close and kisses her neck.
the ark office leads adrian and laura through the crowded hallway
laughingly, the bystanders take it up, especially the children.
the man turns to the wheel, the hubcap in his hands.
john sits with marley under a palm tree.
kayleigh runs, stops and turns back to evan.
a taxi pulls up to the curb.
her hands move slowly to his wrists and hang on.
gorbag draws his sword, but shagrat kicks him backwards with his foot!
meanwhile, david and elise hurry up a palatial spiral staircase.
daisy and gatsby don't notice and continue looking deep into each other's eyes, smiling at each other.
walter reaches around from behind and hoists the big lebowski out of the wheelchair by his armpits.
she reaches for the plate of uneaten bacon -- he goes nuts.
he starts to reach for his gun.
she turns to the house again.
she is hard at work, to music o.s.
he sits on the bed.
seeing the skull, harry clutches his scar.
nigel puts on a brave face and applauds her.
szpilman lurches into the narrow street.
graham looks on the back cover for a picture.
juno spots a vhs tape on the coffee table and picks it up.
kurt nods to a musclebound guy as they head to the bar.
pettigrew turns back into a rat and runs off, leaving only a pile of clothes.
cross makes a funny little cock of his head.
the three arks, leaving a wide wake behind them, move across the calm ocean under a sky of a few mottled clouds.
the chains worn by the biker clank ominously as he rides.
left onto a quiet side street, he soars down a winding hilly road.
valjean closes her lifeless eyes.
trim and blonde, she takes a swig.
he places it in his pocket.
parrish grips the edge of the desk, the pain assaulting him on the one hand, the voice coming at him from the outer, each aberration feeds on the other, he is beside himself, consumed with pain and bewildered by what seems to be a hallucination but which he is certain is not.
another flare goes up.
harry snatches up his wand.
michael stands on a roof, silhouetted against bright sunlight.
a chattering machine gun from kazim's boat splinters the wood of indy's boat, until finally the rear of the boat catches.
rose licks her lips.
a thirtyish black man in worn go-to-meetin' clothes stands on the shoulder, waggling his thumb at the passing car.
he presses a button on a remote control and switches off all the security cameras.
only this time in reverse: we start with don standing on that sunny day in the bedroom, packing.
holly follows him, chuckling, throwing her napkin into an offscreen garbage can as david stops at a small television set near the doorway.
tracker dogs sniff around clothing for scents.
she keeps looking at thao.
ingeniously, the first crusaders have painted a pathway to align with the rocks 100 feet below.
szpilman, keeping to the shadows of the alleyway, watches the front of the building.
they step out into a cavernous tiled hall lined on either side with enormous fireplaces.
she smashes the glass against a pillar.
charlie stands at the sink, cigarette to her lips, water running, stealing a private moment.
during the very last of it mirabehn has turned her face to him, touched with emotion.
flint sprints across waste ground with armed officers running behind him.
the scene fades to black.
fergus turns him around and unzips his fly.
dante frantically apologizes to the rapidly exiting customer.
the images have called up.
crowds flock down the mile to wembley for the charity shield.
he slides the dress off her shoulders and she opens the front of his shirt.
vanessa stands with her arms tightly folded.
shadowfax gallops up onto a low ridge.
she reels slightly.
on screen, she smiles as joe holds up a present.
pete squints and cocks his head as if to say, what was that?
as she moves unseeing past an intersecting corridor.
ben and elaine roll their windows up.
charlie smiles sadly at him, touched by his sweetness, but this just isn't where she's at.
mother screams, father shrinks back, halina comforts him and regina comforts mother.
tom taps the hourglass.
he waits a long time before reaching for the doorknob.
like a child gazing at soap bubbles, delmar looks around at the wafting currency, and yanks another fluttering bill out of the air.
she gets the tray of food pausing to look toward thorwald's apartment.
she opens her eyes
after a considering moment he rises.
nick has overheard.
some bills drop on a ragged, beat-up pool table.
there is a sigh of relief from both of them.
she starts to cry.
the garage is in the process of becoming lester's sanctuary.
nick yanks his seatbelt, but it won't budge.
suddenly, the book goes berserk, snapping its covers.
the battle is going to scobie whose weight and strength are beginning to tire dyle, who is now on his back, trying to stop scobie from crawling over him.
fletcher runs through the devastation, watched from the water tower by king george.
her bad humor disappears when she spies charlotte across the room.
he steps inside,
they walk on up the hill.
they hold one another.
she looks round on hearing the noise and sees a cupboard door opening.
the fours cans sway a little as the bar is heaved off of david's chest.
harry picks it up and looks at it for a moment.
scores of children make their way towards a large, brown brick building.
elrond addresses the council.
she runs through the office door, just as smeath steps out of the lift.
as they enter the bakery, a worker moves toward them to clean the entranceway.
harry is well ahead.
he drives off crashing them on his wheels.
as he goes through the suitcase.
malcolm's eyes watch as it comes to a stop.
lindsey sets down the receiver and walks out of the kitchen.
later, she drives a matchbox police car up over the crest of her enormous belly.
hi looks back at the trailer.
satisfied it's ok, he begins to wander across the basement.
mozart stays for a second, indecisive whether to follow the soprano or help madame weber.
caroline clasps her hand.
they all pile outside wrapped up for the cold.
joe regards the waiter for a moment.
she clicks her fingers at harry.
in a wig and a pale, blue and white uniform, she walks to the bus stop.
the woozy nick goes to a window and looks across at other apartments.
sam turns his back and walks away.
emily and tim lie in each other's arms in bed.
frodo pulls away, shocked.the shadow passes.
pull back slowly from a closeup of a television screen with snow on it to reveal a long row of television sets along the ceiling of the aircraft.
some boys throw rubbish from the roofs onto the heads of the guards.
annie starts to pour the butter over the popcorn but instead pours it on herself.
frodo is walking beneath the trees.lost in thought.
a cola commercial comes on tv.
and he reaches forth to haul gandhi from the pavement, but.
as their heads move closer, howard lowers his gaze and stops filming.
he looks down at her mouth and moves tentatively in to kiss her, pushing the door shut as he does so.
all the employees have now left.
for a moment, he just sags.
marvin starts to weep.
jane turns back into the room, her heart racing.
the train approaches the buffers.
he looks down at his mother's locket which he holds in his hand.
as he stares at the line of men everett tries to pick up his thread.
irene gets to her feet and staggers away, leaning on other tables as she passes them.
she walks off with arrogant confidence.
something about the boy intrigues her -- but she does not know why.
holly finally makes her way into the cluttered loft kitchen.
szpilman shows him the tin.
emily glares at serena.
we slowly circle behind a monument, letting it black out the screen.
as he reaches her, she vanishes from sight, drawn under the hedge by a tangle of sinuous roots.
she rises and collects it from him.
the fireball throws spider-man backwards.
a giant staircase leading to the crowd and as a figure just begins to become visible.
standing there is oliver.
jeff gives a sigh of relief, exhaling his breath, then looks down toward his legs in thought.
rebecca, standing among the well-dressed crowd in her spotted shrug, smiles fondly.
he runs out of the ballroom and joins the soldiers guarding rene.
where chili sits with fay devoe - thirties, attractive, in a sundress - on her patio.
joseph stands a dozen feet away.
bond fires a bullet in a super slow-mo burst of smoke.
gollum spins around, caught off guard.
hannah nods curtly and kisses him again.
jason and ronnie are talking to desi.
later, fitzwilliam sits with lizzie as she plays the piano.
they emerge from the train.
her face framed by the straw brim of her gold-colored bonnet.
a floor full of cigarette butts surround charlie's chair.
evan continues to laugh with everyone as he starts to play the piano.
other couples dance around them.
norm tries to suppress a smile of pleasure.
edwards takes the remaining chair.
gatsby leans closer and kisses daisy.
smeagol sensing his plan unravelling.
now david stands alone in a grand formal hallway.
close shot, the sergeant controlling it, cursing, but unable to make it plunge down on the man.
he leaves through one of the side doors.
above their heads, a chandelier starts to sway.
mr. soggybottom pulls a revolver out of his clown suit.
the background scenery changes to a country road as she snuggles close to him and puts her head on his shoulder.
javert starts to walk away.
the flame flared and died.
later, marcus wanders through a restaurant in the mall sipping a coke.
sandy glances over as they both get into the back seat.
kate looks round as zoe walks past.
the hedge is snipped with a large pair of shears.
every so often down the stair there is a light bracket, always burning.
sam stops playing.
men start to run as the cloud reaches them.
loomis reaches a car and unlocks it.
frodo staggers over to sam and pulls him off gollum.
he looks across at his father.
her mother weighs her words carefully.
smiling softly, he hangs up the phone and starts for reggie's door.
hermione comes up after a great time with viktor.
she grabs the axe with one hand and wades into the water.
she unfolds it.
edward somehow fights his way back to his feet, ready to be knocked down again.
they drag out a pudgy little man with sharp, pointed teeth.
but big john and preacher lean forward in their chairs to listen in.
louise is surprised to be hearing this from thelma.
when he turns and reacts to the sight of gandhi.
miranda waltzes in and drops her coat and bag onto andy's desk.
at the top, he steps off and walks down a passage towards a large wooden door.
now david enters the dance studio.
seven-year old evan comes to during the time he first met his father, jason.
she kicks the door closed.
he points his wand at vernon.
he hurdles downwards landing heavily on the dry sand below the goal.
he glares at his mobile then looks up to see himself on a tv mounted to a pillar nearby.
joe and alice follow.
bald, overweight holiday picks up his coat and walks out.
then suddenly the pov is covered by the mask and we see through the eye-holes.
later, a computer animation of the titanic striking an iceberg.
lizzie and kitty race in followed by mary.
carl rides up and does a few donuts, spinning the bike's back wheel on the tarmac and turning circles.
a wooden loading tunnel leads right to it.
neff, with his hat on and no briefcase, is walking toward keyes' office.
lovejoy stands nearby.
the sphere heads out into space leaving the earth behind.
as it lights a match.
he heads out, parrish and joe fall silent.
the others remain stock-still.
the rest of the men following.
a sitting dr. grey, his back to the camera, is examining a group of x-rays clipped to the light board behind his desk.
sandy observes her go to a tiny blue fiat with a red stripe on its side.
he's wearing sunglasses and headphones.
in the morning light, on rambo's boat as it motors along the river, michael addresses his party.
then a small mexican boy atop a swayback horse rides it into the riverbed, and into gitte's view.
morgan and bo lead their dog out with worried expressions on their faces.
harry prices out the section of wall peter is clinging to.
he stretches out for his camera by his side, then sees barnes with the injured matthews.
they remain wrapped in each other's arms as the smiling reception guests carry on with the party.
cole quickly gets up and rushes out of the tent.
gandhi is stretching out on the bed, taking up another paper.
angle on colossus, realizing the gig is up.
he glances at the pills, then, at a decanter of whiskey.
it slides to a stop in the dirt, throwing ferris about in the back.
as she watches him.
another boy stands on the other side of the work table.
edward gets right back up, but makes no move to defend himself.
in a flash, buckbeak's steely talons slash down.
in the chaos of cheering and delight, the magistrate rises, looks around the room and heads for his chambers.
fezzik considers this a moment, then attacks, and if he moved quickly last time, this time he is blinding and as the man in black slips down to avoid the charge, fezzik moves right with him, only instead of twisting free and jumping to his feet, this time the man in black jumps for fezzik's back and in a moment he is riding him, and his arms have fezzik's throat, locked across fezzik's windpipe, one in front, one behind.
it smashes the windows, knocking him to the floor, then grabs him, dragging him back.
they are completely disheveled, hair a mess, shirttails out.
the director watches him.
savagely he kicks over the models, picks up some books and hurls them into the corner.
leg caught in a rope, bond plummets, but is stopped just before hitting the ground near the gun.
peter runs off around the corner.
brody picks up the grail diary.
salim stands over latika.
graham stands still, his torch shooting a slender shaft of light across the circle.
kyle is showing her how to hold the mp5.
harry and hermione run through the undergrowth.
spider-man runs along the girder, takes off and spins down to catch mj, then under the span to ensnare the cable car in his web.
only the counter light is on in the kitchen.
they hurry up a hill and take refuge in a house as the tank smashes up the playground.
a can of lighter fluid stands open on the desk and a crumpled hankie beside it.
padma looks exasperated.
he shuts the doors.
tim and emily, still kissing, fall back on gold satin pillows.
harry looks at him uncertainly, then shakes his head.
she raises her brow.
cherie turns to tony's disbelief.
in the evening, he leans on the wall, waiting.
grounding a corner he finds to hurdle that the tunnel is blocked by an iron gating.
he starts to write.
she smiles sweetly.
a man gets in next to him.
tuvia remains a t a distance watching the mob take over.
harry opens the door and looks at the plates on the wall.
gollum peering down from above.
his hand comes up; she puts out her own, expecting a loving hand-clasp; but preacher points to the window.
darcy goes in to join lizzie and fitzwilliam.
jason turns debbie around.
peter, on his moped, weaves his way through cars and yellow cabs.
with sudden decision he calls after her.
he looks away for a moment.
kate looks at a clock above the stove.
mitch looks put-out.
he's dressed smartly in a dark suit, brown shoes, and sunglasses.
whip walks over and gazes at the skyline.
he flies on top of their heads.
he rejects an unknown caller.
as they get next to the truck, the truck driver is smiling and waving at them.
miss torso, in ballet outfit, is hanging up a small wash on a clothes line.
it is as if he knows he will not see this place again.
srinivas throws water to dozing jamal.
she jumps back with surprise.
barnes watches veronica throw her bag under the podium.
across the room stands a machine with a base from which four curved pillars rise.
he sees the cloth with the twine wrapped around it.
there is the shadow of a man approaching the door, and muffled voices.
we crouch between the gangsters in the second story guest room.
he leads a small convoy out of the camp.
there must be some money in that bag.
andy frowns and shakes her head.
as the two front doors fly open and hi and ed spill out - hi from the driver's side, heading for the far side of the road, and ed from the passenger side.
he shakes hands with indy.
now he rolls on top of her in bed, his lips still pressed to hers.
daisy and gatsby steal the occasional glance at each other.
she continues on toward the clinic entrance.
mr. darcy raises a hand to his mouth.
jack and rose whirl around.
hey approach a range of jagged vertical cliffs.
umbridge strides purposefully down the middle of the hall towards the great wooden doors.
the crowd grows restless.
willie shakes his head slowly.
jody's face is alive with anticipation.
the audience are mesmerized by the performance and fail to notice the boys stealing handbags and purses from between people's legs.
their eyes are locked in an intense gaze, their faces close.
doyle hesitates a moment, and lets his eyes wander, to.
she hands the instrument to george.
the smile instantly fades.
he studies the growling tome -- the monster book of monsters -- then gives the rope a tug.
the vast city scape is spread out before them.
mickey continues to kiss holly's neck; he chuckles.
she looks around.
tommy knocks evan hard in the ribs with his boots.
and looks at it in surprise.
she screams and spins around.
three others appear.
malfoy sits down.
he advances cautiously.
over 50,000 orcs are swarming around the base of the city.
malbin looks to shimon for an answer.
-- we -- cut to harry, ron and hermione.
the village is attacked with rocket fire.
the owl nips harry's finger.
javier approaches a couple getting into their car and pulls his gun.
darcy and lizzie steadily hold each other's gazes.
willie pulls up his balaclava.
she's sedated.
the alfa draws alongside and the two cars trade dusty paintwork.
he turns and walks slowly and smiling towards a small green park where a group of boys are playing american football on the grass.
gandhi hands walker a copy of indian opinion and they start across the relatively barren field toward some other tents, walker glancing at the paper.
he pauses for a moment, trying to decide which direction to go.
she goes to the door, opens it, and in pantomime admits an imaginary caller.
harry puts his hand on her shoulder.
the screen is filled with the eyes, nose and mouth of a woman coming nearer and nearer to the camera to kiss jeff.
mac is looking at some forms.
the woman halts cheekily.
minnie nudges aibileen to look at celia's body-hugging pink dress.
on horseback, javert sees them.
he points to himself.
they climb the stairs.
the man looks down at the seat pocket in front of him, stretches forward, and picks up a magazine.
he bumps the shoulder of a man standing behind him.
rambo continues his reloading.
she bustles over to the house.
szpilman, lost, empty, aimless, tries to catch his breath in the aftermath of his tears.
charles accompanied by stephen and various men.
balding undercover officer knocks on the cellblock door.
harry crashes into a set of shelves filled with spherical bombs.
harry drops onto the bed nearest, peers up at the chandelier swaying directly above his head.
he approaches the overseer.
there is a silent beat.
the seats and tires have been slashed, the hood has been mysteriously yanked off and the steering wheel sits on the roof.
jack tries to pull himself onto the panel as well, but it tips under their combined weight.
sandra is lying on the floor next to audrey.
also there are many empty wine bottles; musical instruments - among them a mandolin, a viola, a forte-piano with the black and white keys reversed - books and abandoned plates of food.
dillinger narrows his eyes and tilts his head.
he ports through and finds himself at a service counter at the new york dmv.
and he props westley up against a large suit of armour and takes off toward the intersection where inigo's voice came from.
he glances over his shoulder as he turns on to another street.
-- joe covers his head as the metal stabs the ground, twenty feet away: a train sliding door.
he takes a deep breath and smirks.
harry has an empty space beside him.
he pulls him up with both hands and slams him back onto the muddy ground.
jude hits the pedal on her car and screeches off.
edgar grits his teeth.
his hands are clasped behind his back.
dante tries to jam the key into the window shutter lock.
sidney joins lawrence and sophie.
hermione clutches ron's hand.
gwarp lumbers towards them, knocking hagrid aside.
mickey stares at the x-ray, horrified.
he shrugs and walks off.
cole has become very still.
parrish is at his desk, joe in a distant corner of the room.
her blonde hair is tied back in a bunch.
he drops his bundle of clothes and picks up mary's robe.
stan grossman shakes his hand.
the helmeted men grab david.
professor mcgonagall pats his shoulder reassuringly.
in the back seat and takes the keys out of the ignition.
he stops halfway down.
the servants scoot away.
whip speaks into the intercom.
later, charlotte runs upstairs.
and then it gets worse.
and upturned furniture is strewn about the room.
joe stops reloading the gun, looks out, gets lost as well.
jackson is underwater as the ark thumps into a glacier.
then the shape steps away.
george takes the hat from uncle billy's head and hands it to him.
forrest continues talking to the black woman.
harry frees ron.
catapults send their great rocks high into the air, over the battlements!
later, they face several men.
abby holds up a piece of paper.
the corsac starts to climb back up the window they fell from.
lee is alone; her hands are in her pockets.
she draws back and looks at him.
the hand grasps a piece of laurie's blouse and rips it.
the bare trees have cast their autumnal leaves.
the ford speeds away from town as young blood keeps watch out the rear windshield.
bo sits next to morgan in a child's car seat.
evelyn is pacing back and forth in and out of his line of vision.
a girl is stroking the nose of one of them.
he squints at jackie treehorn, who swims in and out of focus.
getting in front of amos, edward stops him.
with a ring on the fourth finger of her left hand, fans out the display of coffee table magazines, straightens two monogram tan towels, and wipes a banister rail as mac drives past a number of substantial houses set back from the road.
she looks this way and that, as if searching for fergus.
we follow it as, nose to the ground and straining against its leash, it waddles over to an empty tin of dapper dan pomade.
eddie leans back on the grass and looks at sarah.
she turns to face him, they look into each other's eyes a moment, and she allows herself to be kissed on the lips -- but only long enough so as to attract the attention of the other two men.
her head and shoulders from behind as she walks down the neon-lighted street; drugstore and loafers in b.g.
smoke rises from the stone chimney.
hilly, who has been lighting candles on the dining table, sits fanning herself.
as he groggily struggles to raise his head, his blue eyes seem dazed.
frodo rips the ring from around his neck.and rams it on his finger.
it comes to rest on a lower web.
eddie turns and slaps her on the cheek.
evan, fully clothed, lies in a bathtub that's filling with water.
ben addresseses colleagues in a small conference room at apogee aeronautics.
jeff is seated by the window in his wheelchair.
the man sitting on the bench listens to forrest.
they walk a little closer.
harry looks to the window and we push in on his reflection.
the biker sits with his back to us, jackboots propped lazily on the desk.
apparently the bat has seized the mouse in its claws.
his gleaming, gray skin is stretched tight over his bony features.
he falls on his face.
catching sight of the newspaper in her bag, she hits on a solution.
rambo stares warily at it as they past.
indy rushes down the staircase and goes to the center tile where the two sides of the x intersect.
the glass doors slide apart and he enters.
now, the real sandy sits in front of a birthday cake, surrounded by his beautiful wife and two young daughters.
now, taking the long thread, he bends down near the door and, taking his tie-pin, attaches one end of the thread to the bottom of reggie's door.
rufus scrimgeour and the minister of magic is photographed at a press conference.
a hacked blanket is pulled back to reveal nothing but a shredded pillow.
peter swings down and is just grabbing the ring when harry strikes him again, sending him sprawling onto a rooftop.
jamal and salim lie dosing in the tent amidst the rubbish.
his bemusement turns to concern over the aerodynamic implications just as the ball seems to suddenly assume its weight, abruptly snapping his arm down, and him after it.
will smiles to hear it called that.
unfriendly looking merpeople lurk, ominously close, carrying sharp tridents, and lashing their tails.
sitting nearby, lizzie hears him and bristles.
leaving their bags behind, ron and harry follow her.
he looks like he's drowning, but there's no water.
kate walks back to her.
juno reaches the top of the stairs and scrambles toward the front door, only to be intercepted by vanessa, who's returning home from work, carrying her briefcase and a freshly purchased nursing pillow.
gray hounds burst out of starting gates into the track.
later, they walk back to their hotel.
thelma is dancing with harlan and has been for quite a while.
he flips open a zippo lighter and strikes it on his leg.
his dark eyes stare at helen.
he raises his wrist, but the goblin's boot comes down on it.
howard reaches out and waves as marie heads off holding anna, who waves back.
lenny comes screaming from nowhere like a bat out of hell!
neff comes out of the house.
she starts to take off her coat.
brock hangs up a framed glow up of the front page.
heavy mist sets in, we pan out to see the maze is many stories tall.
in the store's vault, santa uses a heavy drill to bore through the door of a locked safe.
billie sits beside him.
vogel reaches out to slap henry yet again, but henry grabs his arm, stopping him.
then they both resume walking.
willa is calm and immobile with the ecstasy of a martyr.
then they hug fiercely.
they relieve the dead man of his weapon and rifle through his saddle bags.
a frog and a lizard leap into the water heading towards it.
david grabs it and quickly removes the bullets, while audrey collapses, leaning on the table, head in hands.
harry lies motionless on the ground.
we see deveroux and franknum climbing up a ladder toward fergus.
a woman raises an arm to protect herself.
then she lifts them up.
then he shuffles toward the door again and lets himself out.
she falls out of frame as we zoom toward jane.
the fashionable ladies flag down taxicabs and get into chauffeur-driven cars, whilst andi heads cheerfully down into the subway in her rather shapeless brown coat and clunky black heels.
the park bench is ripped from its mountings.
they raced at the front of the school and see dementors flying towards them.
wearing a white shirt, benjamin appears at the pool side and observes.
we hurtle toward and then straight up the ladder with no abatement of speed, sucked forward by the deafening scream.
gittes is knocked to the ground and lies still beside the big farmer who is writhing in agony in the dirt.
rooney watches with mounting concern as a huge hunk of junk sails overhead and lands in the road.
he sends him off the roof.
she shrugs and takes a seat.
frodo, sam, merry and pippin, are running towards the wide, placid brandywine river.and the ferry.
melvin watches her, biting his lower lip.
suddenly, the same man leans up on his elbows in bed.
he brings a large suitcase up from under the counter.
in an upper gallery, a partial dinosaur skeleton hangs from the ceiling.
marius looks up at the others, his eyes full of tears.
frederick covers his face to hide his disgust.
finally, a panting juno arrives at dancing elk drug on the main drag of her small minnesota suburb, dancing elk.
graham's station wagon returns to the farm, and pulls up outside merrill's converted barn.
the door closes.
he sticks his nose in the spout and sniffs.
willie shuts the safe and goes and sits down in an armchair.
holding mj in his arms, he leaps up and uses a web to carry them away from the sinking laboratory.
as m goes down, the horse race starts.
in the dining room, ryan sits with three plates of food.
malcolm looks to cole's arm.
valjean stands and turns, walking fast to the door of the church.
she wanders away as willie winds back through his phone messages.
the shelves are loaded with canned goods and other merchandise.
graham turns and looks at merrill.
helen slips into dave's place in the doorway.
laurie shrugs, turns away from the window and walks back to tommy and lindsey sitting on the couch.
a black range rover arrives at a high-rise block of flats.
she looks down toward where the car has pulled away.
a girl tries to dance with javed while he's on the phone.
he heads into leshko's, a russian diner.
the teller frantically gathers cash.
at sunset, they cruise toward the denver skyline.
he stops and turns to gatsby.
phyllis, carrying the suitcase and overcoat, and neff, still a little behind her, come towards the camera.
now parrish spots allison, he wraps her in a tight embrace, they hold each other close for a moment, but then are separated by a surge of guests.
the kid sits on a bench watching the entrance to chamberlain's.
the commander whips them with his stick.
ashen-faced, harry is wide-eyed and tense.
ryan and alex sit watching as flower girls walk down the aisle.
in the minivan, audrey screams as the windows begin to crack.
his green cape flapping behind him, he joins his teammates, who flank him as they charge for goal.
forrest shakes his head.
malcolm sits up and smiles.
a tank opens fire on them and joe swerves to avoid the incoming round.
a boy walks through a meadow with his dog.
they pass sam at the piano.
abby smiles, pleased, then he continues.
mickey and holly, almost in dark silhouette, are walking at a fast clip along the sidewalk, arguing.
sliding into the driver's seat, diana tosses the bag into the next seat and places sandy's phone in the center console.
purvis gazes out a window at a neighboring high rise, then faces his men.
hayley rushes back in.
they are so steep that frodo and sam climb as if on a ladder -- their desperate fingers clinging to the steps above -- trying not to look at the long black fall below them.
daylight fills the family room.
javert is forced to stop.
numerous flashbulbs pop.
she looks up and smiles.
a very dark room barely lit by the daylight.
the blonde, smiling coyly, waves the scarf at the applauding women.
the front door opens -- louis comes out and yells, miserable.
the dog turns and looks at him.
aunt may takes a few paces forward, her head tilted to one side and watches with a sad and witty face until he disappears.
baking in the noonday sun.
he walks past the house a few yards, turns, and starts back again.
he looks up at the hideous statues.
we see quick cuts of debbie playing with the kids on the trampoline outside.
willie scratches away.
his gills now gone, harry drifts helplessly.
the baby cries louder.
as she looks at it, confused.
the two women regard each other for a moment, then andy smiles and raises her hand in a wave.
in the blazing sun, under a blue sky flecked with high white clouds, the drove continues.
the rain turns to swirling snow, briefly forming the face of voldemort.
tuvia peers up to the sky at a plane changing direction.
she talks as she works.
the doctor looks down at forrest's legs.
he moves.
david's senate race gathering wraps up.
and what we are starting now is one of the two greatest sword fights in modern movies (the other one happens later on), and right from the beginning it looks different.
the school bus beats past now chased by peter.
we just make out the silhouettes of two occupants in front.
daisy slips the silver pencil into tom's breast pocket.
jack is driving.
kate uses a blowtorch to caramelize a fourth dessert.
it opens quickly.
finally, he collapses backwards.
gordon descends steps in the antinov.
drover staggers, distraught, through the burning wreck of the carney house, sobbing in uncontrollable grief.
outside the homeless shelter, norm's with soo-mi, who sorts through clothes.
hannah watches him go, reacting.
are leaning over a barrel, washing dishes in soapy water.with gandalf sitting nearby, smoking his pipe and sipping an ale.
jeeps gets up.
she is crying.
he puts a last stone on a pile on top of the filled-in grave, looks round at the house, then stands up and walks away from marley's resting place.
harry comes in.
they laugh at him.
poor edward bloom's gone crazy.
the priest nods, smiling suddenly, and hums a little with the music.
mj looks peeved.
ryan looks at her and sighs.
ferris, in his apartment, and hani, at home with his wife, watch the news.
he plays a couple of notes with one hand, while he stands.
he is scrubbing out an ice cream container on the back porch.
he hands it back to the kid who struggles to open the appropriate door.
she draws him behind a curtain toward the bed, pulls him down.
the little girl is no longer watching him.
for a moment, both are lost from sight.
harry gets to his feet.
taxi plows into the side of barnes's hatchback.
michael slowly turns around.
harry turns, but the room behind him is completely empty.
pete pushes open double doors leading to a balcony overlooking the ocean.
ron flings the invisibility cloak over them.
jean-louis scampers off, content to have gotten off so lightly.
he nods with a smile.
then, with renewed energy, he dips his pen in the ink pot once more.
minnie listens mutely to celia's suggestion.
everyone becomes frozen, standing next to the station wagon.
as the horn smashes through the wood only inches from indy's head.
this tent is a sanctuary made by an eight-year-old to hide in.
next to the shelf is a puppet stage and a camcorder on a mini tripod sitting next to it.
nick wipes his mouth.
they stroll barefoot down the empty dirt sidewalk.
he looks up at the screen.
he looks down, intensely.
it's roughly the shape of man, but no human could be that large.
in his most serious voice, edward calls out.
he spots a massively overloaded truck approaching through the dusty haze and dismounts, looking worried.
the two-lane highway is otherwise empty.
the guys glance at each other and quickly follow.
the family sit round the small table as mother comes with a saucepan of soup and starts to serve.
he puts his hand up and retreats around the other side of the chair.
mr. bingley enters the room.
neville eyes the rattling wardrobe, steps forward queasily.
he watches as she pulls her black leotard on.
she smiles gratefully, then looks around nervously, unsure of where the drawing room is.
slowly he puts the car in gear and drives on.
benjamin wears a searching expression.
david holds up his walkie-talkie.
evan, exhausted, finally pulls into lenny's driveway.
a goodness of heart expresses itself in a desire to do something for gower.
he opens the screen door.
she places a jeweled bindi on a friend's forehead.
beside her, with its cover partially pulled back is a pristine ford gran torino muscle car.
she turns to her husband.
he walks into the living room.
he kisses his way back down her body and grips her pants between his teeth and pulls on them.
we are featuring two british soldiers, their faces partially lit by a flickering torch light that reveals their tense wariness.
eddie, weary now, his hands resting on the table, looks up at the cool, impassive face of bert gordon.
the bearded young man.
dobby fix his hand.
dillinger's eyes flip up and down the stoic g-man.
silence as joe considers the point, parrish quickly crosses to him, undoes the tie, and now begins tying it for him.
he moves forward, confronting charlie.
sirens come racing to the quad.
now freed, norman leaps out strong.
george and mary seated on the divan.
he takes her hand and kisses it.
zoe shakes her head.
a pretty brunette walks by and gives tuvia a long look.
minas tirith lies less than a mile away, down a gentle slope.
holmes watches through this telescope as troops stop people crossing.
mr. bingley and georgiana head inside together, arm in arm.
carolyn lies sleeping.
out of a moving mountain of sand sandman rises to his feet, towering over the cowering crowd like a colossus.
dark clouds are pushing their way over the distant mountains.
oliver and the kids are playing with an iphone.
the boy arrives at faraway downs and reins in the horse, looking out at the approaching truck.
miranda comes in, unbuttoning her coat, which has a striped collar.
pete stares forward as she walks away.
ahead is the massive viaduct.
the women clearly want this to happen.
hoover faces a microphone.
the escapee looks behind them.
he glares at harry with his mad eye.
john sits wearily on the steps as marley sniffs around nearby.
more onlookers converge on the scene.
elrond stares into space, the fight seems to go out of him.
he reaches higher, turning his body, twisting, as if he wants some angel from on high to save him - and so, turning, he falls into the river.
a male jogger, seen through some tree branches, runs by.
natalie looks up from her cell phone, shocked.
she puffs on a cigarette as she considers hilly's text.
forrest steps out from the crowd and picks up the book.
venom hoists him up into the air and tosses him away.
her hand hovers over a document, then she signs it.
eddie walks off.
watched by a grieving vic, benjamin tosses a life belt from the chelsea over the side of the rescue vessel.
he steps up and accepts his diploma.
colin walks up.
ron lies opposite, his leg bandaged.
looking down, he sees the skin on his hands begin to bulge and bubble.
he begins to gain speed.
he wipes her tears with his thumb.
ferris gets out.
the tutor, his guardian, is white.
sarah looks appalled at the exhausted drover.
instantly, joe knows he's about to watch this man's life end.
he claps sarcastically.
he exits frame.
smiling at jack, molly points to her own chin.
and again, jenny's reaching with excitement.
harry sees the waitress leave the cafe.
a child is sprawled out under a blanket on a sofa; some guests chatter quietly; others drink and eat, listening.
as she walks, she is joined by another girl with whom she converses as they walk.
harry places the glowing prophecy into lucius' hand.
harry nods and grins after her, as she walks away.
he puts his wand to his temple and drops a thread of memory into the pensieve.
she straightens and stares.
everett shakes his head as if to clear it.
an exasperated look on his face, holden turns away.
cal climbs several steps, then stops.
they reach a door, glance about, and go through.
brock looks up at the sound.
now, a hulking black inmate strides past a row of cells and enters a common room where dillinger reads a newspaper.
the red queen moves and knocks the knight's head off.
a plate of cigarette ends sits on the table.
the four gangsters enter the lodge.
he glances at aunt may's kindly face.
wolfsheim, nick and gatsby sit at a table facing the dancers.
high in the clock tower, a bell begins to toll.
school boy's rifle is particularly bulky.
the ghost walks up slowly behind her.
a man is blown to pieces.
he gets out and heads for the door, to run into george as he comes out.
it leaps up, and they both fall to the ground.
lowery flashes an embarrassed smile at mary, tries to lead cassidy toward the private office.
below the message is a photograph of someone wearing a balaclava.
the rough looking bloke is hovering nearby with another identical man.
he watches dil run off, with her funny walk.
lila closes the door, remains by it for a moment, quiet, listening.
he looks around with a digital camera.
a jerky hand-held view shows a gunman climb in next to him.
nullah brings daisy to the surface.
gryffindor goes on the attack.
a gang of his brothers walk behind him.
an instructor raises the gun barrel.
the old man faces the priest.
carolyn burnham tends her rose bushes in front of the burnham house.
she leaves an envelope with whip's name on it between his lighter and a bottle of whiskey.
she breaks his hold, lifts the plate, and takes it to javed.
aisha watches, concerned, as marwan bundles ferris into an suv.
its small eyes glowing green in their sunken sockets.
marius sits alone in a room, scarred by battle.
he then hurries back along the duct.
abby gets in the basket.
another young woman shows him her ring.
indy extends the scrap of paper to brody.
purvis slings his rifle strap over his shoulder.
dale's hoody is dusted with cocaine.
charlotte shoves sadie.
a plump tabby cat sitting on a wall turns its head curiously.
now we turn a corner and they see the hidden city.
he stamps the snow off his boots.
the dog whines as john touches his belly.
nick looks around.
he stops outside her room and looks at her through the window.
john looks at the finger.
delmar and everett sit at a table, a shoebox between them, deep in conversation.
he glances around, then kicks the door in.
he sees thao.
sacha stands at the curb on the street in front of rick's and signals for a cab.
the scenery blurs as it flies by.
sparks fly as they struggle desperately to overcome each other.
elliot starts walking down the center aisle, in the same direction lee had walked up.
the creature topples over, landing on his back and knocking against a small sideboard.
jack wraps his arms around rose as she grips onto the railing.
casey looks bored.
scientists and military men look at the wreckage of something big.
on leaving, tony and cherie smile at the staff.
jude smiles and leaps up as he approaches.
we see a crap game being played on a fancy crap table by gamblers in tuxedos and lucky ladies in fancy evening gowns.
he stares down blankly.
in the next block, miles and miles away for the way he feels, is another pawn shop.
he listens with such concentration that he squints his eyes.
the stretcher is wheeled out.
the exoskeleton is powered up.
camera starts forward, and we see arbogast remove a small notebook from his pocket, check on a number, drop a dime in the slot and dial this number.
the chains on her legs break free and she catapults back to spider-man.
and the rv tips backwards into it
the door clatters to the floor, he enters the apartment.
his eyes fill up.
he scans around
back at thurman's, willie opens the front door to sue, who's got a bag of groceries.
sallah shows the newspaper to the second man.
graham's eyes flick pensively from side-to-side.
down below, the hijacked car takes a right gliding behind him and sending water into the air.
naked, rose runs her fingertips over her own thigh.
dobby clicks his fingers and disappears.
the door closes behind him, only to be held ajar in a gentlemanly fashion a few moments later.
and now he stops, and the look that was in his eyes at the wedding, that look of fear, is starting to return.
moody opens the door.
the night casts a turquoise hue over dillinger who clutches his shoulder in the backseat.
stalks of rice plants stand upright in a paddy field below the village.
he offers her his arm and they go up the walkway to the entrance.
he staggers up out of a small control room inside rosenberg's head, with gearshifts and viewing screens all around the inside of the skull.
the crowd flinches.
the thin white hand opens to reveal one ring.
hermione is busily writing.
jody eats the last bits.
a blinding blast of light flashes from the second story window of number four.
ellen slips on her glasses and checks her notes as whip glances at hugh and charlie.
the man talks to estevez.
it crawls up a girl's arm.
he feels a stare.
it's dark and the swanky shop windows she passes are all lit up.
with a determined gaze, david jogs off the pier.
she flips over and faces him.
the mournfully building song is now supported by a bass more palpable than audible - the song, it seems, rising out of the earth itself.
gray smoke rises from the tiled floor in the long narrow corridor ahead of them.
later, he meets peter in a coffee shop.
his eyes are closed.
where scorcs of hobbits are busy preparing for the big night.
susan's directness has caught him by surprise, joe blinks.
benjamin gives the life jacket to one of the twins.
cal's smile disappears.
in the common room, dillinger tilts his head and clenches his jaw.
as the lights are thrown on.
she parts a corner of the curtains, looking out the window, turning when elliot speaks.
dudley and his mother get into the car with a big bag of sweets.
murdoch shoots tommy.
hermione throws it to him.
as the knife stings the gun out of his hand.
there are christmas greens and holly decorating the place.
smoothing the back of her dress aibileen sits on the arm of an easy chair facing skeeter.
as carson moves into the opposite wings, sees the light board and throws on all the switches.
she smacks the phone a couple of times.
joseph runs out from the huddle across the field to david.
harry steadies himself against the glass wall.
winstead pockets the cigarette case.
then it's as if ones punching through a red, smoky tunnel like the inside of an archery, but always the spider's web is there.
at home, lizzie looks with concern at the storm outside.
eddie scared shitless for his father, gun locked on mr. white.
celia suddenly looks pale.
everyone is talking at once, carrying on easy, familiar conversation.
zus removes his arm from bella's shoulder.
mary comes out the door, then turns and locks it.
she has gandhi in the foreground, a soldier on the wall above and behind him.
he unlaces his boots and pulls them off.
charlie, who wears a name badge, saunters over.
the officer watches coolly.
the points of the pincer pierces the cable, and an enormous surge of electricity shoots up the limb to octavius.
mundungus sells stolen property.
the colonel stand with his back to the bed and waits for it to go quiet.
rose pulls herself onto the elaborately carved panel.
nelec moves to the door, he remains facing camera, his back to woodward, as overmyer moves to the bed.
natalie stands sharply, shakes it and smiles.
evan follows her to a small alcove.
debbie and larry sit in the waiting area of the hospital.
now she looks in another drawer and pauses as if she ponders one of the mysteries of the ages.
standing at the window, gatsby looks thoughtful.
gollum screams,his arms and legs flailing wildly.
he stares ahead icily.
she gives him a smile and heads off.
he mends his motorbike.
he puts on his hat, smiles, and says.
she stands and stares at andy with a vaguely pleased smile.
her eyes glittering as she turns to look towards us.
purvis empties his pistol into the man.
mr. blonde stops moving.
pedestrians scatter as barnes is sandwiched between the truck and the near by wall.
her eyes are fixed on him.
with a clank michael re-arms his weapon, turns to the group with finality.
frodo rises slowly.
gandhi grins, looking at mirabehn, who is massaging his legs.
jackson frowns dubiously then nods calmly.
nullah, minding the horses, looks up and sees his grandfather, waiting for him.
holly wipes her hand on the towel as hannah reenters the kitchen, carrying even more vegetables.
we can now see that one of the latinos is older, the other two, younger, are his bodyguards.
astonished, mr. bingley watches as mr. darcy climbs into his carriage.
gale is driving; evelle starts pawing through one of the sacks.
evan launches his body forward and spills clumsily out of the wheelchair.
tim remains motionless and with his eyes closed.
the refugees pick their way through the ruins of the mission's wooden jetty.
including mj's chains.
hermione kisses harry on the head.
cal falls out of the branches of the tree.
alice, crying, gets on her bike and rides off -- a distant fiery glow past the factory and over the hills.
drew takes a moment, then plunges in.
she looks down and sniffles, letting tears stream down her cheeks.
both stare at the train crash, stunned.
he glances across the room, quickly closes, and replaces the folder under his jeans.
appalled, ron pulls out his wand.
reggie and sylvie are passing through, their conversation continuing.
bond leaps on the man and grabs the gun.
valjean listens to marius's song, and he's moved.
on it, ferris and bassam, both using cell phones, watch nizar ride along a busy street in a town, on a moped.
theoden holds gandalf's gaze.
she runs back to the thrift shop.
gamling stifles a laugh.
nick is listening suspiciously to this conversation.
flint goes over to the edge of the skyscraper and looks down at the emergency vehicles far below.
but tonelli gets no further than that as strasser turns again to renault.
out of the static, the haunting sounds of bing crosby singing silent night fills the room.
morgan opens the tome.
she waves her bouquet.
a spotlight plays over the hayloft ceiling and a voice booms.
a woman stands with her back to him.
jamal disappears running through the smoke.
the brothers watch it plow into the wire.
there's nothing he can say.
cal is measured for a suit.
holmes turns, and the man looks away.
a branch smashes through the back window.
they drop onto the deck below.
the overseer walks up to a table with a paper in his hand.
the security guard hurries over.
creeping in.
there, between a compact, lipstick and keyes, are some bills.
the search party heads off, leaving a relieved sidney slumped against a wall by the window.
kayleigh carries a pair of prosthetic arms in her hands.
they duck again.
harling gestures to edmonds.
they move flirtatiously.
a little giggle escapes her at the thought.
a third warrior, crossbow stretched, ready to shoot; this one is hidden in a tree blocking any escape westley might try.
below, the ravine floor is flat, but getting there would not be half the fun.
at work, nick is on the phone.
he stares at cole.
he drives through rundown suburbs and makes a call to his neat glass partitioned headquarters.
a deserted open plan office in shadowy light.
as it slowly spins, the african continent becomes more and more prominent.
after a few moments the door opens and elaine comes out, steps quickly to ben, kisses him, then runs back inside.
malcolm stares at the tired child sitting before him in the hospital bed.
he calls over to the barmaid.
bob is focusing every last ounce of life in his body to lighting that lighter.
and goes over to a chest.
handbags, shoes, and gloves, all for the taking.
joe goes, and mr. and mrs. kaznyk exchange a look.
the adopted children leave, the twins going off with them.
he seems a little puzzled by what he sees.
edward drops down on the far side of the gate.
lynn watches the two youngsters sleep for a moment.
he glances at a small notepad.
boromir's eyes are drawn to an old fresco on the wall.depicting isildur defeating sauron.
he moves away and again the weight of his pain and problems crushes away his good humor.
the skiptracer drives forward, knocking several cars out of the way.
gandalf turns on pippin, smiling despite himself.
hermione looks at ron.
abby drinks her wine.
they plummet from the heights, voldemort trying to break free.
jack steps toward another railing, pauses, and picks up a black bowler hat and long coat from a chair.
they raise their glasses.
they are chatting.
eowyn tries to block the blow but her shield shatters into many pieces!
jackson lobs a stone at the vanishing truck.
winter has arrived and the ground outside longbourn is crisp with a white layer of frost.
hermione hands him his glasses and he puts them on.
he flies high up into the sky.
a man at the front of the party uses a camcorder.
lizzie takes wickham's hand and leads him to the dance floor.
the first raindrops hit the windshield.
they approach the complex
later, he pulls onto his drive in his pickup and finds sue, thao and their mother, waiting for him.
her head lulls to her shoulder.
joe looks down with a troubled expression.
gandhi still sits, holding ba's hand, staring into nothingness.
in his darkened office at the white house, anheuser hangs up the phone and looks out of the french windows.
benjamin stares blankly at thomas who stands half hidden in shadow.
the back of his chair is to the window.
over his shoulder, we can see mr. braddock down by the pool, dressed in a sweater, cleaning the pool with a long-handled scoop.
they peer inside.
harry looks down at the two blades protruding through his chest.
he closes the diary and leans back in his seat.
several french officers surround laszlo, offering him a drink.
she stands, smiling, waiting.
morgan puts the book on his father's lap.
two more suited agents walk along the corridor.
pete holds her and spins her.
bond intercepts the intruder and takes him out with a fist and a knee.
he backs away apologetically, holding his cap in hand.
and now as simon looks at the bathing beauty she adjusts her hair
latika has to slow down as she hits major traffic jams.
thenardier has thieved the pocket watch using his handshake as a distraction.
he reads the gift tag.
he picks up a letter and holds it up.
he reaches out a laser mutant hand on the orb.
he shepherds them ahead of him.
the alien draws itself up to its full height of about 25 feet and joe steps towards it.
he has the bunch of flowers with him.
the burner finishes processing and prints out the card.
he half-smiles, realizing the idiocy of his question.
they enter the building through a set of double doors.
the woman pulls on her other sleeve.
the officers easily surround the lovers who face each other hopelessly.
they shake hands.
stay with cary, who opens his backpack, starts pulling out his amazing array of explosives, glancing up to make sure he's out of the creature's view.
jenny shuts the door.
looking everywhere.
the hmongs leave.
javier lowers his phone and calls an elevator.
meanwhile, salim puts his gun down and washes his face.
her mustachio dad, his bald head gleaning in the bright kitchen light, is busy fixing something at the kitchen table as she comes in.
the corsac bursts up out of the sand and grabs him.
he moves rapidly up the outside of the building, climbing with ease.
morgan is asleep on merill's lap.
moriarty fetches a blanket and puts it around holmes' shoulders.
we shoot from the river.
daisy clings in fear to the ladder inside the tank, as the cop turns the water on in the pump.
he walks through the gate and stands quietly in the at-ease position, hands clasping his swagger stick behind his back.
audrey runs to the side of the roof and looks out.
he hears voices coming from the bedroom.
hannah continues to nod patiently, patting mickey on the back, as they make their way across the foyer into the den, where the twins are playing.
hearing the front doorbell, she folds the letter back up,
latika makes graceful hand shadows on the wall.
some almost pushing him aside, but he doesn't react.
now they look at each other.
sidney's nose is taped up like a pig's snout.
uncle vernon eyes harry's wand nervously, then grins with knowing cruelty.
he's staring at alyssa's yearbook picture.
he then leans forward and kisses her.
they are two kids to him, and a nuisance.
a desk and other debris plummet to the ground.
he frowns thoughtfully at it.
the city is in chaos.
indy, meanwhile, has turned his attention back to the grail tablet, obviously hooked by its archaeological promise.
most of the tables, which have vases of yellow flowers on them, are occupied.
turning her head, ruth covers her mouth.
it catches fire.
jude comes in, with a flashlight.
she looks across the field.
bren chats up a customer as she applies a fresh coat.
indy and vogel exchange shots as indy chases the tank on his horse.
he makes his way to a computer station behind a cage wall.
as al-saleem walks away down the gloomy corridors, he wipes his hands on a cloth.
allison gets up.
a student is ushered into umbridge's room.
she gets her stole.
grasping her hand, jack helps rose onto the bow, rail platform.
the sink is piled with pots and pans.
jude, drinking tea, looking at jody sweating.
it covers two pages of the diary.
haldir's eyes lock onto frodo.
gabriel spread his wings and swings a mace down to the baby.
she leads don toward it.
ron faces hermione.
taylor looks back.
she moves to houdini, who sits in the shade by the picnic table.takes a tiny sip of the water first.
now elise sits in a green room.
benjamin turns onto his side and sinks down beneath the covers.
a variety of vegetables have scattered everywhere.
he opens it and examines the wads of bank notes inside.
he goes inside.
he hurries on to meet her.
merrill puts a finger in the sky on the screen.
he sees the still figure of a girl lying on the wet stone floor.
jacob raises his eyebrows.
joe takes another big bite.
vincent brings the needle down hard, stabbing mia in the chest.
he moves his hands closer to his face.
later, lizzie and jane are taking a turn in the gardens, the bright sun beating down on them.
buttercup is standing, holding the reins of her horse, while in the background, westley, in the stable doorway, looks at her.
it's his turn to be taken aback.
the students stand, stunned into silence.
ron looks guiltily at professor dumbledore who nods benignly.
he closes the front door with his right hand.
pippin stands and makes a move toward frodo.merry grabs at his arm.
a woman wraps food in newspapers and brings it over to their table.
peter hangs on as it plummets towards the street below, but harry swoops down after him, smashing the chunk of wall into fragments.
ivan has placed a glass and a tin cup on the bar.
the kiss lingers, susan breaks away, reaches for the door, looks back longingly at joe and then she is gone, joe closing the door softly after her.
his face is unshaven and dirty.
as a male dancer tosses her, thompson gives a nod and elise falls.
the mustached stranger crouches down.
he looks from keyes to neff and back to keyes.
he lands on the sidewalk, baby in arms.
vincent shields his eyes from the light.
hermione opens the barred door of his cell.
gorbag gasps as sting is rammed into his back by.
javier points his gun at ashton.
javed is still on the phone.
harry gets up and aims his wand.
fireworks light up the sky.
ripples of light play across isildur's pale face.he is dead.
at the holbrooks', hilly is addressing a meeting of the junior league.
tom leads harry upstairs.
he looks down at her hands.
he follows the sound.
peter, his face calm and steady, holds his cheek against her long, auburn hair.
the green army jacketed man moves forward in the line.
she smiles weakly as she looks around.
she holds two large brandy snifters containing some brandy.
as soon as the coast is clear, kitty peers out from behind a wall.
a car darts out and nearly hits them.
the howler shreds itself into tiny pieces and flutters down onto the table.
the three hold their coats pinched shut at the neck as they look forlornly up at the weather.
she shows the book.
the gypsies gallop on through the woods.
as the whistles continue, we see dil in the site's lift, which rises up.
sadness is etched across his face.
nullah holds the harmonica, as sarah sits in the smoking remnants of their camp.
ryan frowns and turns sharply to look in a mirror.
bob turns to see michael aiming his gun at him.
rooney has a drink.
he looks mean and dangerous.
walsh promptly starts to tell duffy the admiral byrd story.
pours bleach in a coffee jar.
his eyes lock on malcolm.
the kid shakes his head.
they walk indoors together arm in arm.
howard dashes through the panicking crowd in hot pursuit.
harry draws the snitch down and holds it against his mouth.
everyone is gathered in the great hall.
willa's face is seen within; serving a customer, she sees them and waves them away.
his shoulder leaves the wall.
he caresses a family photograph from the inside of the locker door, then shuts it.
emily springs into action as a sleek, silver car pulls up outside.
purvis's beady eyes peer downward, deep in thought.
at security, ryan sees a group of businessmen.
inigo, entering, looking around.
in unison, the ringwraits stab the hobbits, in a slashing, hacking frenzy.
professor mcgonagall joins him.
the bespectacled man watches as the woman dabs herself with a cloth.
a black haired man wearing a bowler hat and grey suit steps out behind her.
they all turn towards ginny and harry.
they face their opposition, unmoving, tense.
he peers through the iron gate into the dark shop, turns around.
dillinger lifts his hands.
he shows her his phone.
marius sees her.
harry leads the way along a rutted cart track.
cal is doing guerrilla gardening again.
he ends up on the floor with a tray of drinks.
barefoot, ferris is manhandled into one of the vehicles.
then, kate sits up.
don stiffens against the back of his chair.
gwarp places her gently on the ground.
now, the family man parks a subaru.
two young men (apte and karkare) meet godse's gaze, and again we get the sense of imminent danger.
the plane hits the ground.
the students keep shooting at the soldiers.
she pours herself a very stiff drink as eddie moves about restlessly.
the band members rush toward forrest with their hands up, signaling him to stop.
she lifts the receiver and dials zero.
she senses the fact that george is far from immune to her attractions.
buckbeak rears and attacks malfoy.
gabriel holds the mace to his side and twists it.
having confronted harry, she recedes, floating away from him.
she venches open the outside door for bond, who gropes for his chute, then hauls on the stick to get out of the plane over the hill
and now he changes hands, and at last, the battle is fully joined.
he grabs a pound cake and hits dante in the head with it, using the opportunity to scurry down the middle aisle.
michael just stares at her.
the bowling ball thuds into his chest and lifts him off his feet.
bob had switched off the television.
as he is about to go in, the doors open and a group of very old people start coming out, filling the doorway and moving very slowly, muttering to each other and helping each other out of the door and down the steps.
bob opens his eyes.
dressed in a long pink robe.
later, walking back to his apartment, he's on the phone.
forrest carries bubba to the bank of the river.
he can't steer.
phyllis kisses neff again quickly.
sandra whips open the back door and that's when the world hits slow motion.
in the midst of this, the elevators try to close but their furious groping blocks it, until -- a shrill buzzing begins.
he shoves the drink at don.
she heads down the leafy drive to ben's beach house, pulls up and looks awestruck.
outside, on a moonlit shoreline, dillinger sits by a sleeping billie.
the two women smile.
she says this as if it were a threat, then notices a smudge on the mirror and wipes it off.
the place is a wreck.
valjean sees javert.
wincing with pain, zus produces the bundle of medicine bottles.
she puts on some lip balm and starts the engine.
marcus is his opponent.
the two of them walk along the street together.
there are two other reporters near them.
indy rushes to the rear door of the caboose but can't open it.
sam closes the door, joins lila, takes her hand.
smeagol slips the ring onto his finger.
the host goes to urinal.
then tosses it to nema.
he closes his eyes and makes a wish.
marcus shoves gin contemptuously in the leg and marches off.
carolyn and buddy are in bed, post-sex.
a black hood is put over his head.
three young boys get off their bikes and pick up more rocks.
yaxley sits watching the proceedings.
tim carries her out of the workshop.
findley pours a drink as eddie approaches.
buttercup, staring at humperdinck.
abby enters the room.
she runs and passes it to sarah, who brands a steer, which is being held down.
as they run down the bridge that traverses park avenue in the low forties.
it is a bald, paunching man of about marge's age, rising from a booth halfway back.
george, followed by the still-silent people, comes in.
he shuts the glass door.
elliot's voice-over continues as he is actually seen, standing in a doorway having a conversation with a gesturing, rotund man.
he glances through the page.
they cross to the other side.
frederick picks it up.
pulling across to the far side of the street we see the hood and cab of a freight truck.
andy is hurt by the slight.
he is frisked and escorted out.
he steps in front of harry.
the pledges of theta chi busily gather around evan, their clothes covered in dirt, food and what might be vomit.
jamal starts to dance.
everyone sits when parrish does but joe, right at home, spots a tray of refreshments: coffee, pas- tries, he heads for them.
he fires into the ceiling and leaps up onto a table.
andrews pulls rose aside.
he reaches into this waistcoat and produces a card which he presents to the conductor.
the acoustics are poor.
she loosens his tie.
ryan smiles wryly.
daisy is now about nine years old.
she takes off her dress and grins, naked, in front of him.
he crouches beside her.
elsa falls on the great seal.
indy looks at henry.
sing song watches without emotion.
zus puts his hands up.
what's happening, of course, is that she's jumping from the balcony so fezzik can catch her.
boromir, as uruk-hai arrows thud into his body, he falls to his knees.
balcony starts to collapse.
david peers at his supporters, then briefly bows his head.
a few flakes of snow gently flutter out of a night sky past a christmas tree made of fairy lights atop an establishment advertising itself as o'hara's pub.
armed guards rush in, throwing explosive bursts from their wands.
dying.
the booth is empty.
elaine looks from ben's face to the crack through which she can see her mother's eyes staring.
gabriel spins, deflecting the bullets with his wings wrapped around him.
percy watches as kyle places the gun on the ledge.
keeping the gun trained on hi and ed, he slowly raises a pair of eyeglasses to his nose.
more middle-aged folks snooze in deck chairs in the hazy sunshine.
she opens the buttons on his shirt and her mouth travels down his chest.
delmar, smiling, shakes his head as he watches him go.
and nehru ignores the thought too, because like azad his mind is already on the real danger.
friendly but a little drunk, he's the closest thing the town has to a mayor.
she puts an arm around her niece.
jackson, kate, noah, and tibetans hear all this over the speaker.
they run as fast as they can away from the cottage and up the grassy slope.
jeep helps charlie up.
benjamin stands beneath a concrete canopy studded with lights.
the other ins agents burst over the rise, shouting questions.
evan, under the doctor's desk, grabs some paper and begins writing in shorthand.
inigo retreats, dives from the stairs to a moss-covered bar suspended over the archway.
a lone pipo walks along a long colonnade at buckingham palace.
sadie watches lost on her ipad while pete and debbie talk in the kitchen.
the sun slowly sinks below the horizon.
he takes out his handkerchief and dries her eyes.
nick's lost in his thought.
david watches the teenager with baggy jeans hanging off his hip.
horror is in ilsa's eyes.
a little later: szpilman again mounting the ramp with a hod full of bricks on his back.
she watches the trick or treater as a car swings around the corner and pull up in front of her.
hoffman gets in his car next to his daughter.
a taxi drops daisy off outside the retirement home.
the commander strokes the boy's head.
marge is on a public phone.
rambo rips out his throat and throws him to the floor.
he guides it to lily.
verdell is avoiding the cracks in the sidewalk.
holden reaches her.
he faces gandhi stiffly.
ron is getting dressed in front of a mirror.
we see some particularly memorable footage from the wizard of gore.
ron appears in the doorway.
instead the dog goes to the door and scratches at it.
harry finds his glasses and puts them on to see hermione flying towards him.
sam watches in horror as frodo and gollum disappear into the chasm!
anna's expression instanly changes.
neville looks bedraggled.
four people sit at a booth: dieter, kieffer, franz, all in black leather, and a young woman with long stringy blonde hair, wearing torn and patched jeans and a ribbed sleeveless tee-shirt, worn thin with age.
colloredo is clearly discomfited by this reception of his employee.
they're both wearing suits.
malcolm looks to anna's face and becomes very still.
she slaps a pack of sweets onto the counter and gazes at the test.
harry passes him a plain, straight wand.
john sees pearl's expression and takes her hand.
we pass small shattered pieces of red and blue plastic and stop and rack to the gun sheriff pruitt dropped.
robert looks confused.
maman pats him on the back, smiling all the way.
he holds onto the car with an iron grip.
holmes gets out of the vehicle, walks round it and shoves watson again.
he takes the foot and begins rubbing it.
the gallery is bulging with indentured laborers -- largely hindu.
their eyes are dull and uninterested.
an enthusiastic, mr. diggory runs in, encouraging the crowd to cheer as an embarrassed cedric enters the arena.
the creature looks at her pathetically.
as the three men start to move off, big dan gives delmar a tilt of the head and a crinkling smile.
christine is running along the beach, waving back at the camera, her jacket and scarf flapping behind her.
as dyle, tex and gideon enter, reggie is placing the little straight black chair to its original position.
rugen is pushing off from the table, sword in hand, moving in to kill inigo.
they sow upwards.
as various members of the family bring out a punch bowl and glasses, janie sits down at the piano and strikes a chord.
fat ass watches him go.
he gasps and nick removes his cap.
the taxi approaches the stately, white-clapboard edifice of the retirement home.
harry goes to the door, as professor lupin limps slowly out through the classroom below.
she steps back as a figure emerges from the reeds.
lt. dan walks away as forrest rushes over, aims two pistols in the hole, then climbs inside.
harry's hands push against quirrell's face which also disintegrates into dust.
later, he arrives home.
her hand drops to her side.
he has a flowing white beard and long, silky white hair, and wears a pointed black hat.
elijah is talking to a couple from his wheelchair.
the bus zooms on leaving peter in the middle of the street with a large portion of the poster sticking to his fingers.
he wearily lifts a hand, defensively extending it in front of him - then stops, staring at.
the boys pick themselves up.
kate takes the bag and places it on a chair by the window.
he hears a paper airplane zooming down the corridor towards a fly hovering by the fire alarm bell.
she and ben move slowly into a tender kiss.
she turns away moodily and shakes her head.
thumper begins scanning the journal entry.
stewards open the cabin doors in third class.
the wind seems to pass through harry's body that whirls away like a tornado up the stone steps and disappears.
a car speeds past the running stranger.
he accelerates, the rv jumps.
the spiders are crawling down the wall and on to go the ground.
gandhi's eyes sag with the despair of a man whose last hope, whose faith, has crumbled around him.
he peers through the crack of a partly open door.
a photo shows diana sitting alone on a diving board.
holmes walks up and takes her arm.
she walks around the car and rolls up the right front window.
burton squeezes his eyes shut in pain, his whole body quaking, heels clicking the pavement, as if some massive pressure were building inside him.
the three men rouse themselves.
the guy runs out, and his towel falls to the ground.
holly looks at the door, sipping her wine, as the movie cuts back to hannah's living room.
the climber raises his goggles, and stares at a glowing ball embedded in the snowy rock.
there is a silence, then the door opens.
the shape reaches through, groping for the lock.
jackson indicates the file folder he is holding.
the pov moves from the jack-o-lantern down to another window and peers inside.
emcee steps out onto the stage.
several, within the door of the schoolhouse, stick their heads around the edge.
jules and vincent stand aside, their clothes are literally a bloody mess, but they do have a sense of pride in what a good job they've done.
the host gets up
neither of these goals is easy, and the audience reaction shows it.
as indy grips his arms, we see a gun in the agent's hand.
we can still see his hand, holding jude's.
she's changed out of her school uniform.
denethor continues with his meal.
gabriel punches him in face.
harry bends down and griphook climbs on his back
he catches up to her, grabs her by the arms, and keeps a tight grip on her.
pete hurls his half-eaten cupcake at the kitchen wall, then hurries past his daughters.
close shot dyer, still calm.
dumbledore casts magic over a box which melds into a goblet containing a blue flame.
he stares at the photo.
father calls to the sweet boy and beckons him over.
george quickly takes off his coat and dives over the railing into the water.
he whips out a revolver and aims it at mr. orange.
hermione and ron see a painting on a wall.
she takes it and reads it as carruthers goes.
finally, the emperor speaks, in a whisper.
the nurse picks the baby up and hands him to her.
mary is watching george interestedly.
marcus leads fat ass over to surly santa and he sits on his knee.
he's being summoned by a maitre d' with a pencil and a stash who's behind a small counter.
their point-of-view shows a great open field where men in bedsheets parade in formation before a huge fiery cross.
jenny and forrest run into a corn field as jenny's dad tries to chase her.
the girls sing 'angel band' as the grown-ups talk.
harry looks at the broomstick.
on the dance floor - in the middle of a thrall of people - dances alyssa.
moran watches the piece of machinery.
a young boy runs past.
big dan chuckles as he draws up a chair.
tom lets wilson rest his head against his shoulder.
it's the key to the city he lost years ago.
harry watches mj go.
they pass along side upper balconies running down the side of the ship.
godse hesitates before approaching the two gardeners who nonchalantly flank the entrance.
he takes a notebook with the letters rab written in it, a gold locket on a chain, and a newspaper with dumbledore's obituary by elphias doge.
meanwhile, as the band plays on deck, a passenger bumps into one of the violinists.
below him the students are up and getting ready.
the general's men stand guard at his suite as green's party head for the car park.
venom leaps down peter, wielding the sky stick as a weapon.
the kid gives a doubtful looking willie the door.
tilt down: following the nazgul as it swoops out of lowlying, murky clouds tossing men in the air like limp rag-dolls!
lightning crackles in the gloomy sky as they ride alongside.
the gunner on the jeep watches intently, not seeing rambo rise behind him.
the camera follows his staggering walk along the balcony towards the elevator lobby.
rambo runs through the trees, letting fly with arrows from his bow.
on the platform, hermione puts a hand to her mouth, and smiles.
he is staring at the shrike- like bird which is perched on the lamp shade.
natalie sings karaoke on a yacht in the harbor.
her shoulders heave and tears roll down her face.
then leaps out of bed, rummages around, tosses on his trousers.
he strips paint from the porch of a retirement home.
the shots go up through the floor hitting most of the students.
umbridge is lifted into the air by gwarp.
holding the hanger with both hands she thrusts it forward with all her might.
rose and jack run down a passageway.
they approach reception.
but the horse moves exactly at the wrong moment and indy lands flat on his feet in a standing position.
forrest looks up and smiles sadly.
angle on the glock 19 sitting on the passenger seat amidst some cds.
he sparks up a flame, igniting the gas.
she gathers the robe around her.
lisa is white-faced and frightened.
a moment later, dyle passes a girl painting a canvas, her easel set up in the middle of the sidewalk.
and walks past malbin without acknowledging him.
she is searching who is calling her name
faramir's 200 knights ride straight into a black wall of flying arrows.
he returns the light.
rita looks krum up and down.
she carries a berry- basket on her arm.
dobby finds the sock between the pages.
a dip in a rock pedestal forms a crystal basin filled with liquid.
gatsby and daisy lie next to each other in bed.
he displays an envelope.
jules' free hand lays palm flat on the briefcase.
frodo's face is at peace.
helen and yusef hold hands as the scientists brace themselves.
he looks at her intently, his eyes searching hers.
the old man pouring whiskey into a teacup.
emily sits in a sultry pose, waiting for him.
gandhi's face cracks into a tearful grin.
she takes the glass from his hand and sets it carefully on the nearby table.
cole is crying now.
mouth agape, the stunned death eater raises her hands in the air.
harry looks away and shifts uncomfortably.
she goes to the built-in wardrobe closets and throws open all the doors.
lester is driving, smoking a joint.
the twins give him some.
sam in growing darkness, still follows the departing ship with his eyes, merry and pippin are already preparing to leave.
the queen shakes cherie's and tony's hands.
she runs at him.
the cashier is ringing them up.
she gives him a look.
sue looks on anxiously as willie bends over granny.
he seems to fill the heavens.
abby pulls the closet door shut.
jamal and salim sit on the buffers between two carriages chatting.
he crashes him against the stained glass window and smashes his head repeatedly against it.
mike walks in, covered in jello, to find abby standing there, arms crossed, quietly containing her rage.
both men balance on the narrow, sweeping hoverboard, the sky stick, as they fight.
he hits marcus in the nuts and all three combatants lie, writhing in agony, on the canvas.
corner of barn and lighted window in background.
cole just closes his eyes and holds his mom tight.
armed with the card, she goes to store and spots a cute melon-shaped bag.
she is laughing a lot about nothing, and harlan is studying her closely.
outside, smoke rises from the ship's huge funnels as people gather on the decks.
sir george looks at the document on the secretary's desk.
a message appears on the phone.
they close the front door.
sirius embraces harry, and hugs him affectionately.
tommy falls to the floor and the crowd cackles at him.
julia is naked in a bath.
he moistens his finger with champagne and rubs it over the tablet.
she's swimming outside the car.
the men and women pair up and go in.
taylor clips another driver, who hits a parked car.
tommy leaves, and mary turns to the stove.
below deck, fabrizio sits up in his bunk.
the lawyer nonchalantly follows a second guard farther ahead.
the jims look at each other, then back at the colonel.
a great mass of agitated people crossing only one way: from the small ghetto to the large ghetto, carrying their belongings.
harry takes it gently and looks at him.
he's suddenly attacked from below, a horde of vicious little squid-like grindylows with sharp teeth and many legs nip at his ankles.
rose leaps from the boat and hangs from the ship's rail, several decks below jack.
his thoughts are somewhere else.
chili shakes his head, starts back for the elevator.
he looks around and sees a narrow, curving staircase leading up.
dante leaps at his feet, and randal grabs the shelves, knocking aspirin over until randal-shrieking-sprays something in dante's face.
marcus gives willie a dubious look.
he runs off with it.
a flash of light dissolves the plant.
muffled, through the closed window, and very forlorn.
it is very dark and they are silhouetted against the shell lights.
he grabs it and screws up his eyes to try to read the headline and focus on the picture.
a nurse reaches into one of the maternity ward bassinets and gently lifts up a swaddled newborn baby.
king george's pipe has run fletcher through like a spear.
martin nods, gives chili a nice dead-eyed look.
evan nervously approaches.
then rain starts to hammer down.
jay steps into the frame, followed by silent bob.
from the river, the tall boat captain notes the grey smoke from the explosion on land and signals with his hand.
a man drops a syringe on the table.
kayleigh pulls back her shirt collar to show an even larger, darker bruise.
he is holding a ballpoint over the back of a hotel desk blotter.
he sees charlie, clutching her belly, run towards him.
charlie clambers back to his feet as fireballs rain down behind him throwing from massive eruption.
within seconds, the great pyre is alight!
clutching her long hair in a bun, she smiles flirtatiously for the camera.
a soldier drops down a rope and snatches helen.
standing at mozart's desk, strewn with manuscripts, he picks up mozart's pen and strokes the feather.
she looks down into her drink.
ghostly faces stare hollow-eyed at aragorn.
he approaches a security checkpoint and a female officer.
bren stitches a needlepoint pillow of a dog.
kate brushes off her long, black coat and takes zoe's hand as they walk away from the grave towards nick, who's been watching from a distance.
the car drives away, revealing that it is new and has dealer's plates with no numbers.
the excited students crowd around hagrid.
mrs. bailey is calling up the stairs.
with deliberate, almost fatalistic pace, gandhi goes first to his knees and then sprawls down flat, his hands over the top of his head, awaiting the blow of the horse's hoof.
colleen presses her cheek on top of graham's hand.
vincent and jules take in the place, with their hands in their pockets.
from outside comes the sound of footsteps racing upstairs toward his door, then the door- bell: short, short, long short.
he stops at double doors and looks through the glass panes in them.
holmes is wrenched backwards, out of the window.
as gray mist rolls in, bob is sitting by the wall dozing.
he yells at tommy, noisily playing with his vacuum cleaner.
harry stands frozen in the doorway.
jody, in bed, throws off the covers and stands up.
extends his hand for the glasses.
rose pulls down a glass partition.
we see the single tree throwing shade on the picnic table.
later she is getting ready for bed.
the center is some sort of hardened, translucent material, light green in color.
the bear, sort of half doubled over.
a massive metal wheel flies into the air, a cable whips free, and the roosevelt island cable car starts to free-fall.
donovan rushes to the well and fills the goblet with water.
blinking back tears, she opens the door and hurries out.
don is just coming from it.
the dude steps out to meet walter's car as it pulls up, its passenger window open and the pomeranian leaning out and yapping.
we see the police commissioner, suhrawardy, two doctors, abdul ghaffar khan, and some others.
lying in a ditch, the boys watch as the alien leaps of the bus and disappears into the woods.
she slowly turns and looks at him sadly.
louise is looking a little nervous.
he has wings.
forrest stands at an open window and looks at the white house.
musicians are playing at one end of a large wooden-floored room.
pink rubs two of his fingers together.
decoy harrys on broomsticks sweep past moody.
frodo humbled by sam's unswerving loyalty.
phyllis leads the way and neff goes after her, his briefcase under his arm.
everyone applauds, except peter who sees the young lady is mj in a black strapless dress, her hair tied up.
gandhi is holding a british legal document; he lifts it pointedly.
the train speeds through the night, clouds of steam and smoke belch from its funnel as it races along.
harry exits his room as the witch knocks on a door.
as the chanting continues, two klansmen lead a black man, whom they grasp by either arm, up the aisle toward the gibbet.
she exits into the bathroom.
he stands aside as two doctors wearing stethoscopes get in with him.
behind him, the entrance door to his apartment opens.
he sits up.
alice pedals hard, she wants to escape everywhere.
behind and below him lies toulon at the sea's edge.
minnie with her pie rings hilly's doorbell.
they rush into each other's arms and hold each other in ecstasy.
kay pulls a black card from his wallet and extends it to her as she draws close.
a small black owl swoops over hogwarts school.
the mechanic smiles, throws the suitcase in.
aragorn turning, sword-raised, he charges forward!
she pulls him towards her.
and takes her hand.
she is stunned.
some of the troops use the butts of their rifles to inflict blows.
willie masticates a massive mouthful of salad and glares vainfully at marcus.
she waits patiently for him to continue.
as we boom up to show the empty street beyond the baby, we hear the crack of return fire and furiously squealing brakes.
as they move in, rachel replies.
the driver, a young man in a sharp suit with a round, babylike face, leans over to call through the passenger window.
a ray of sunlight escapes through the black clouds, bathing the rohirrim in golden light.
he rises from his seat and shakes dumbledore by the hand.
he turns to find elderly, white-haired tillie holding a hammer.
smeagol moves towards deagol.
madame hucheloup the proprietress of the cafe musain is sewing a red revolutionary flag to help the students.
he turns his off.
the lights are all out.
the power fails.
hundreds of meters above, salim waits.
as the smoke clears, voldemort faces them.
szpilman alert, hearing the padlock being unlocked and then iheydle.
the queen look pensively to one side.
holmes enters another room.
the corsac leaps down some steps and trips sim up.
he sees two muggers attacking a dark-haired youth.
bob gets the message, goes out through the back way.
the lake blazes with reflected fire.
carol smiles encouragement to him and herself.
the two walk toward each other, holding out their hands to shake and shake they do.
he puts the clock on another table beside a chessboard.
the driver fiddles with the radio, looks puzzled.
he lands on greene's car.
he grabs a photo of himself a pixie has snatched from the wall, then looks down at harry, ron and hermione.
edward leans out the window and waves.
michael leaves a thoughtful-looking jeep.
from the stairwell, our gaze lingers on the door, then drifts over to a set of elevators.
he glides over the ducking mj.
on tv, cell phone footage shows the descent of the plane as it swerves and slices off the church steeple.
salieri stops writing.
vanessa takes a sip and continues to let the days events sink in.
pursued, hermione flicks her wand.
a man shines a torch into a dark cell, where ferris is sitting on the floor.
he hangs up, falls back down.
he wipes an arm across his sweaty brow.
all three lean over and peer into a glass cabinet.
he cannonballs in, surfaces and swims towards her.
at mealtime, as people huddle in groups, arkady is standing at the food table.
the lantern light throws great shadows upon the shrouded walls of a wide vaulted chamber.
the handsome bird lowers its head with its orange plume and huge tears fall from its eyes on to harry's arm.
there are fires, the sounds of spasmodic gunfire, of looting, screams, the roar of police vehicles and occasional sirens.
she looks ashamed.
harken smashes his office wall down with a sledgehammer.
sarah holds her hands joyfully in the air.
he stops near the boys under the cloak.
willie stares incredulously at the kid for a moment then shakes his head.
the waitress scurries back to the kitchen.
the mass, now a vast swirling gray sea, is heading for new york.
shocked, helen rushes in doors.
dumbledore uncovers harry's wound.
jenny turns and looks at the light of an approaching vehicle.
andy throws the phone into the fountain.
the group are dragged to their knees and lined up in front of the troops, who raise their rifles execution-style.
and now he turns to sonja.
the chain is attached to mary's car.
the balloon fires up.
elena goes through sydney's article, editing out the parts she doesn't like.
he taps keys on a control panel.
she grips the railing with one hand, and then pulls herself up onto the bottom rung.
he unmasks them.
a carriage drawn by four white horses arrives at longbourn.
the raincoats swaying slowly.
the quiet continues as the film cuts to a close-up of a large, circular cat-scan module in an antiseptic hospital room.
a man watches his radiator boiling over.
the whole house shakes violently.
pete coasts around a corner and stands upright.
connor gives him a hug.
he squats and raises one end onto his shoulder.
something appears out in the corridor floating towards the door, something black, shapeless and mysterious.
setting her chin defiantly, she shuts the black and white photo away in the drawer.
jeff, with a restraining hand to stella, begins to edge his chair cautiously forward so that he can see what the salesman is looking at.
two beats later, hooper and banky enter, holding an `everything's archie' comic between them.
he pulls her aside.
the flames leaping high into the darkness.
the tips of their wands glow like torches.
pete enters wearing a lycra outfit with all sorts of logos on it.
she listens to him as he shuts the door loudly on his way out.
a police guard puts his head in the door, speaks, in a near- whisper, to the chief of police.
a few yards off anna glances over her shoulder and slips away.
he lands in a chair, sitting next to someone he recognizes.
the agent narrows his eyes, glances at the fallen man and withdraws, revealing dillinger's lifeless stare.
she looks at him, then says a strange thing.
he dives towards aron as the bomber passes overhead.
there is a burst of gunfire from both ends of the street as a brief fire fight ensues.
a ghostly girl in school uniform shouts in ron's face, then hovers high above their heads.
harry turns to him and grins.
he kicks szpilman viciously and marches away.
there is a creaking as some great jointed thing moves with slow purpose in the dark.
the group of four turns and watches the top of the stairs.
the police officers leave.
in his night things, mr. bennet calmly opens the door.
mr. diggory takes them to the highest level of the stadium.
the minute she turns, she stops on seeing the now startled kallenbach.
disguised as a soldier, he makes his way to the barricade where students keep watch.
kate sees zoe curled up, asleep on her bed.
fergus comes out of the bathroom.
drover gallops to flynn, lying twisted and bloody in the dust.
graham keeps running across the yard.
tess tucks into a helping of ribs.
she hands the package to a mature man, who gives her a letter.
the doorknob turns.
the evasiveness, the only half-buried embarrassment of their response only deepens his own withdrawal into himself.
in slow motion, he walks alongside a train, then into the busy station concourse.
he senses her presence and turns.
he tries to suppress the reaction, put on a brave front.
he sips a large whiskey.
nora pats adrian's shoulder and follows them.
sam begins to play a number.
the time on the digital clock moves to midday.
his head swivels towards her.
whip steps out in a bathrobe.
they cling to a carpet by their fingertips.
ron throws down the box, which has a heart on it.
their handshake goes through harry's body, he appears to be some kind of ghost with no presence.
the door opens, revealing them.
two of the limbs open their pincers aggressively.
he leaps onto his horse and they charge off.
inside, rose holds her hands to her ears.
zed's voice comes over.
bourke-white -- who has been moving, crouching to shoot him and the light -- sags back against the wall, relaxing at last.
jackson drives the rv along the road through the carnage.
bn watches horrified, while the mercenaries each wear grim expressions.
carl and allison sit handcuffed.
she hits him with some more cold oil.
evan regains himself and sits up painfully.
using its small pincer, one of the mechanical limbs gently pulls the bandage from his eyes.
hearing the corgies, professor west turns and sees the queen, struggling with her leads and holding onto her hat.
satisfied, she walks to jeff.
he sticks the fallen petals in his watch pocket, rearranges the flower, and then turns back to zuzu.
through the door to the dining room we see wade picking up an extension.
neff, briefcase under his arm, comes down the steps to the street, where his dodge coupe is parked at the curb.
he is mesmerized; grateful, even.
percy grabs sandra around the waist and turns her away.
szpilman lifts himself out of the bath and dries himself.
as she catches sight of bert arranging things with the bellboy she closes one door.
whip looks down.
in a moment he re-emerges back through the living room carrying a tray with a glass and pitcher on it.
bone saw's handed a golf club.
walt smokes another cigarette,
a squad car has blocked them in.
watching dieter's charge, is caught off-guard.
randal looks down, anonymously.
then he sees rick and they smile at each other.
now lizzie is sitting on jane's sickbed.
then, he returns to the line of men.
the boys look at each other -- afraid.
the lawman's finger engages a secondary trigger, then wraps around the main trigger.
burly, middle-aged don revie makes his way from the boardroom to a press conference, flanked by members of the leeds board.
the flights of stairs seem to continue infinitely.
the wind carries it in a circle around us, sometimes whipping it about violently, or, without warning, sending it soaring skyward, then letting it float gracefully down to the ground.
a towel-dressed dante opens the fridge and peers inside.
lying between her parents, charlotte sucks her fingers.
he adds.
he takes his lighted cigarette from the ash tray, puffs it two or three times, and kills it.
gabriel spins and runs like hell as the gas explodes.
lilly sobs as people and cars are thrown into the doom below.
he motions for them to get down.
he flicks through the book again.
lisa turns in the half-opened door.
ron prepares himself.
elijah rolls his wheelchair along a darkened corridor, his right leg still sticking straight out with its two long rows of shiny bolts protruding from the metal frame around it.
he goes to the front door, opens it a crack and cautiously goes out.
the steward fetches two life belts.
she reaches a hand out.
father j gets up and goes over to the cool box.
the two of them begin running towards the cup.
pete marches to debbie.
inez ignores him.
he reaches his left hand toward the gun nestled in his waistband.
chocolates and booze bottles litter the floor by the open fridge.
he gets up and runs to the bathroom.
he is sipping a mug of hot coffee, staring at the stove, cold, gloomy and drunk, ignoring clarence and the tollkeeper, preoccupied by his near suicide and his unsolved problems.
mj picks up a piece of timber, sneaks up on octavius and is about to hit him when she's punched away.
he sees nicole sitting on the stairs smoking a cigarette.
the camera is concentrating on the long-focus lens camera which fills the screen.
he gazes at her and looks her up and down.
follow the scraps of yellow paper as they dance in the wind then fall away into the void below.
ron recognizes him.
willie snaps a popper.
mark and juno tool around on the guitars unplugged.
the room is packed with smartly dressed, solemn looking people.
he's let in, and guns are aimed at him.
up in his room, bleeker is playing his guitar.
government agents stand watch outside the glass wall of the hotel vesta.
juno plants vanessa's hand on her belly.
gale puts his spoon down and picks up a cigarette which has been smoking in the ashtray next to him.
watson tackles him as he takes a shot.
she wears a white nightdress.
aunt may's feet land on a ledge.
flowing torrents of orcs stream past cave trolls, beating the drums of war.
he stands in the shadows and watches silently as the man in the orange uniform looks over his massive shoulder before turning a knob and entering the white paneled house through a familiar side door with a screen on it.
the colonel's ford explorer pulls up, and ricky gets out.
audrey moves to hand over the baby to charlie.
he hasn't done this in a while and it's painful.
he raises it and lowers it two time; it takes a sizable effort.
the boys gather their wits -- lights flashing hauntingly.
-- the dementor mutates into a silvery white orb.
glen chuckles, looking at his errant child.
shukla guides him, ba and charlie a step or two behind.
he takes hermione and heads for the surface.
he turns his gaze on uncle ben who stares right back at him, a sad expression on his face.
this time, she looks zus straight in the eye.
vizzini hops onto the boat.
the dude, standing in the middle of the loft, looks into the murky depths of the cavernous space.
now, officers emerge from the cruiser.
towers fall and walls crumble; vast spires of smoke and spouting steam billow up!
gatsby walks amongst the dark trees which are dotted with fireflies and finds daisy standing by a tree near nick's cottage.
the lights are on within the office.
the camera as it glides toward the windows of the great hall, toward the candlelit silhouettes glimmering within, passing through the glass.
mary jane looks down, dejectedly.
harry looks back.
the wardrobe door slowly opens and professor snape steps out.
the guard exits the store, locks the door and heads home.
he fails to connect.
klaatu then releases helen's car.
they study one another.
juno wanders into the lobby and steps up to the counter.
she abruptly turns and embraces him.
we see a suspicious character enter the room where the goblet is still burning and close the door behind him.
gin walks into the prison visitors room where balding, bespectacled roger is sitting.
it is a friendly, neighborhood bar for business people and cocktail drinkers.
jude smiles, holding the gun on her lap.
she takes the tea tray to her.
the kid's hand is covered in blood.
he holds marius up next to him.
elliot chuckles; they hold hands.
he looks at it, folds it neatly, pockets it, puts on his hat, then, with an afterthought, goes into the living room.
just then dudley -- sitting comatose before the tv -- emits a hollow, brain-dead chuckle.
we turn into the burnham driveway.
lights come on and illuminate the host's false smile.
peter runs up.
as billie dons her fur-collared coat, the newcomer takes billie's seat by the radio.
the chain-link itself actually extends over the flood channel and down into it, making access along the channel itself impossible.
she places it in their hands.
panchenko addresses zus.
he wedges it in an ornate carving.
it lands right next to his lapel, over his outside breast pocket.
he is just watching the flood of enthusiasm for jinnah.
she hesitates a moment.
bright light flashes all around, illuminating hundreds of possessed standing motionless, staring at the diner.
hermione reads over the shoulders of others.
a ripple of panic now, everyone pressing back, but still they cannot credit what they see.
lynda lounges in the bed smoking another cigarette.
the wire hanger flashes into the shape's right eye.
he waves her over.
gandhi fiddles with his glasses, preoccupied; finally he looks out over the crowd and holds up a hand -- almost lazily -- and gradually, but quite definitely, the crowd stills.
she watches it drive off with a doom-laden look on her face.
edward bloom, 61, lies asleep on the bed.
he walks up to one of the cars he's just unlocked, then presses another remote and turns to see a blue sports convertible.
the army of the dead swarming over the city, routing the orcs!
merry exhales -- excited and terrified in equal measure.
peter looks up, surprised.
a man in a check shirt worn outside his trousers brushes into david's extended hand.
hermione's captor tightens his hold.
he's tied and seated in the same way.
because, as he begins to put his feet into strange positions, we realize that what he is doing is miming the fencers.
outside, the scruffy holmes draws glances from a well- dressed queue of people.
constanze looks furiously at him, then at lorl.
soldiers burst into the building with guns blazing.
it contains a yellow liquid.
joe looks at the pamphlet for hewitt sports camp.
she beats it out frantically.
he turns to face harry.
charlie andrews and herman kallenbach sit at the very end of the line of chairs.
ferris steps closer to the blaze with his hand held against his forehead.
kurt hangs a sharp left into an empty street.
he looks at his watch with some impatience, and makes a side comment to her as to the lateness of the time.
the shells themselves are solid, glistening like polished steel.
ben follows her through the hall into mrs. robinson's room.
for a minute their eyes meet, the judge makes a little bow to gandhi.
the thin german speaker looks nervous.
a sarcophagus-like gurney is wheeled to a prefab hut in a hanger.
an iron grill blocks the street entrance to the building and loan.
martini comes over to his side.
zachetti walks towards the car.
the crowd applauds as graham parker (60's) leaps on stage.
on a rug, a posse of runners in brown and yellow come by.
he could leave now, but curiosity gets the better of him.
his eyes droop closed.
now seated, morgan uses his inhaler.
the class is unsettled.
hearing something behind him, he turns around and looks completely terrified.
they fly low, cloaks flying, like a flight of huge bats skimming the surface of the shimmering water.
he turns to a snowy owl in a padlocked cage.
there are about eight cars parked.
the man in the water is clarence, the angel whose voice we have heard speaking from heaven.
his eyes dart about.
he looks up at the corners of the building to which his web is attached.
later, he lies close to a little blonde girl and kisses her cheek.
the secretary immediately gets up and goes into the inner office.
he runs along the edge of a balcony within the building.
a chandelier lies smashed.
zus and the others pick up the body,
the sun breaks through the threatening storm clouds illuminating words in spiky metal letters.
hands pushed deep inside his pockets, harry runs up the stone steps to the owlery.
we track back into the room, on her, as she approaches the crib.
again footsteps on the stairs, but this time descending.
doyle bows his head slightly, but his eyes remain on her in a fixed stare.
the twins come up cheering.
the two chairs are slightly angled toward each other so that ben can look up at the stage without looking directly at elaine.
featuring the desk.
she walks over towards him as he sips from a beer can.
in front of them, harry's old butler, bernard, gets to his feet and places a single, white rose on his master's coffin.
scared, but pissed.
graham looks tense and awkward.
spider-man struggles to pull out more cables.
jeff turns his head away for a moment.
indy points out an electrical wire.
in her rear view, she sees sandy white-knuckling his wheel.
lizzie goes to stand closer to her father.
one of them is george bailey's rickety car, and the other is an even more rickety truck piled high with household goods.
the busy chefs carry on with what they're doing.
he walks off through the crowds and then ducks into a doorway.
dillinger gazes at the screen with a boyish smirk.
where all was silence before there is now the hum of excitement.
sallah manages to hold onto henry as he brings his horse to a stop just at the cliff's edge.
a main character, jack, lies on the ground dying as a plane flies overhead.
sam has risen, is standing by the counter now.
she stops, turns--he manages to look away as now her eyes stay on him.
as ryan opens a hotel room door, his sister kara walks up holding a basket of washing.
alex and ryan sit facing each other and open their laptop computers.
they start dressing.
salieri goes to the front door and opens it to reveal schikaneder, who has obviously come straight from the theatre.
darcy's face betrays no emotion.
more people have crowded around the counter.
doyle comes toward the camera again.
their faces grimed from the explosions, alice and joe regard each other for a moment.
the camera pushes with him to the door.
he shows her into a room.
whip is laid back in the armchair watching as nicole's hands move up to cover his hand.
gabriel turns and stares down at michael.
the front door of the chapel is heard opening and a shaft of daylight streams in.
indy stands up and successfully mounts his horse.
passengers walk up one of three gangplanks.
above the shower-bar we see the bathroom door open again and after a moment we hear the sound of the front door slamming.
she flicks admiring, almost loving glances at him as they walk and talk.
a sudden wind rushes through the tent, lifting hangings, scattering maps, knocking over goblets.
jenny hands the robe to forrest, sitting on jenny's bed.
mike walks up to abby's door and knocks.
marcus steps forward with the jump leads but can't reach the battery.
he finds something of interest, and stops to stare at it.
sometime later wille gives fat ass a lift and left home in his knacker old car.
she smiles and hurries away to the offices at the new york journal.
harry stands up.
helen stands outside, ringing the bell.
the sergeant wheels by the car with the civilian; his police turn their horses, lining up across the road again.
holmes rips his way out of the back of the statue of the commendatore and hurries across the stage to the wings where sim and watson are waiting beside a couple of actors in demon costumes.
the waiter moves away.
later, ron is asleep in bed.
as david and his fan go their separate ways, the mustached stranger remains on his park bench, his head bowed and his fedora brim tilted to shade his face.
he takes a bite of his sandwich and a sip of coffee.
suddenly she sees something.
he drops his shoe onto the floor and the book hurtles out, snapping its covers.
she passes people sitting at tables outside a restaurant.
the children stand deflated, watching gandalf disappear up the lane.
as will scoops out another serving of potatoes, edward suddenly speaks.
in her mind's eye, she sees herself as a young, teenage girl sitting morosely on the bench.
willie pulls back the drill.
silent bob backhands him.
the tank is approaching a cliff wall.
he turns and spots the brown chevy 4x4 parked on a short driveway, a figure the wheel.
he begins kicking the living shit out of harry zimm.
harry hangs on desperately to buckbeak's feathery neck.
everett makes a sudden hushing gesture and all listen.
he is slapping wildly at his bed, moaning.
a low glass-and- china cabinet is built between the dinette and kitchen, leaving a space like a doorway.
cosette is in her bedroom.
heinkin and silver-haired phil mccullough follow ashton into an elevator.
meanwhile at cedar lake, dancers perform on one section of a low, l-shaped stage.
he closes his eyes; he covers his face with his hand.
before the car has even come to a stop pete's door flies open and he is stumbling down the bank to the river.
at the bureau, thompson and aides cross a room stocked with hats.
the flowers are carried into the cottage.
darcy watches from above as jane heads out dressed in a grey cloak and bonnet.
holding a small tin and a pair of scissors, he attempts to cut a piece of plant.
they run back through the forest towards hogwarts.
four chestnut horses speed through the countryside, a seated driver and two footmen on the back of darcy's carriage.
benjamin stands up.
as gabriel raises the knife to strike, michael descends from the heavens in a dazzling ray of light.
he nods to his colleague ken taylor, then turns back to gaze out of the window as he puts on a shirt.
a figure with one leg and one eye lies far below.
he turns to the rest of the gang.
this is carter, the bank examiner, come for his annual audit of the books of the building and loan.
he looks at it for the last time and slowly turns away.
javert hesitates then bows his head.
ben gets out of the car, and locks it with a remote.
he goes to the end of the bar closest the door, hoists the typewriter on it with a final awful effort, leans his head on it.
the green goblin catches hold of the cable and stabilizes the falling car.
now, on a forest road, two motorcars douse their headlights as they creep forward and park on the dirt shoulder.
now she stops again.
she and ron look and see.
he sits hunched on a stump.
holding a lit cigarette, sydney strides into his busy living room come office.
ron takes out his wand.
camera moves back from the bed as their lovemaking continues, back through the bedroom doorway.
mike grabs a phone to listen on.
he stops, turns his head, blinks, then stares up at something.
harry's pale, handsome face cracks a weak smile.
jack drives away from the chemical company.
he puts his hand on the knob to open the door.
reluctantly, pippin hands the palantir to gandalf.
eddie moves to put on his jacket.
she hustles out of shot.
and he runs to the canvas.
he swipes his card at the self-service check-in and takes the shuttle train to his gate.
she turns back and stares ahead thoughtfully.
he drinks some medicine.
he turns and goes.
he's dragged under water.
the storm is passing now, blown by the driving wind.
laurie locks the doyle house and walks away out into the street.
the guests laugh appreciatively.
the car is swerving wildly as gale drives blind, the inside of the windshield covered with blue paint.
she towers over professor dumbledore.
the two men run over to her, and graham grabs her by the arms.
the florist taps him on the shoulder, takes the flowers and hands him back a single stem with three flowers on it.
a mermaid in a stained glass window holds back her long golden hair to watch him.
another is of professor dumbledore crossed through in red.
at the bottom of the hill, rebels buzz about.
mike shakes his head.
she closes her eyes and smiles.
she gives him a sultry look.
as the cards are dealt eddie steals a glance at the man he has come to see.
heller just glares at szpilman and then moves away.
sitting in the back seat of her car, miranda watches andy striding confidently down the street.
with a ring of steel, dieter produces a glinting saber.
he gasps in agony.
a female customer pops items onto the counter.
willie does as suggested.
neff moves again to put the nickel into zachetti's pocket.
their faces are close -- she looks at him.
the one ball rolls in, while others scatter about the table.
in the trees above, leaves tremble.
the dog licks water from the toilet.
andy rubs her neck, trying to ease some of the tension.
gandhi holds up his hand, silencing the hall.
szpilman opens the package, finds bread and marmalade.
he is norman bates, somewhere in his late twenties, thin and tall, soft- spoken and hesitant.
he's smiling contentedly while mickey talks over the sun-filled scene.
george, to cover his embarrassment, talks quickly on.
a massive iron head, cast in the likeness of a snarling wolf.this is grond.
larry lifts one of the triplets up and down by the arms, simulating an elevator.
hani turns the camera off.
cole waves back.
lydia indicates that she'll come down and meet them then closes the window.
we see the twelve-year-old salieri seated between his plump and placid parents in the congregation, listening in rapture.
he held up his hands as they become webbed.
whoosh - arriving big dan whips the hood from everett's head.
he hesitates, struggling with his fear.
he stops and looks down at her.
outside, purvis sees the car's lifeless occupants.
tom, the hunchback innkeeper, grins at harry.
the singer is reese, one of a motley collection of mercenaries in rambo's boat, including bearded diaz and en-joo, handsome stubbly school boy and bald lewis.
as the cafe empties, strasser approaches ilsa.
the entire yard is unlandscaped soil.
he holds out the engagement ring and drops it into the palm of her hand.
jules looks at him a long moment he's been set up.
graham puts bo down in the hallway.
lizzy heads out, leaving the others to resume their breakfast.
absently, as he sets up the camera.
in a corner booth, four big transit authority police are having a meal together.
sam looks up.
nullah gallops along the cliff edge, heading the herd away from the precipice.
gandalf thunders into view, raising his staff.
she quickly pulls it shut.
ferris throws a grenade into a courtyard and runs in shooting.
just inside the kitchen some radishes and onions lie on the linoleum.
frozen bodies float amid pieces of furniture, barrels and other wreckage.
he pulls off his left boot and shakes out some more sand.
prince phillip holds out a small bottle of pills.
he shakes his huge hand and gives the giant a hug.
he then lowers the flashlight to his side and begins to pick his way through the crop, one arm raised to shield his face from the leaves.
matthews opens the door for the ashton double.
she keeps looking away.
everyone is stunned, particularly the young man.
she punches him in the face.
andy stares down for a moment, then looks at nate earnestly.
ron tugs off the locket and throws it down.
donovan peers through binoculars to see the canyon of the crescent moon.
she is in her early thirties.
mj looks up, smiles and her smile fades when she turns to face octavius.
she props herself up on her elbows.
jordan smiles and turns to nick.
and he takes a hand and kisses it.
the sheriff nods as he goes.
she goes into the bathroom, drops the pieces into the toilet bowl, flushes the toilet.
the queen looks distracted and scratches her forehead.
using his stick and hanging onto the rail, elijah tries to stay balanced, but his feet don't land accurately.
gandalf is galloping along the outskirts of the ancient forest of fangorn.
a couple of men using poles with hooks are fishing about in the water.
bond has him by the throat.
alice watches joe, who peers into the camera for a long beat, finally standing up, looking out at the crash.
he hands the case to henry and they begin to run.
daisy closes her eyes again.
yuri thumped the security guard as he looked behind.
snape looks out into the storm.
she pulls out a scarf.
the shape lifts his other hand.
fezzik, carrying the princess, stands alongside.
then does a bodybuilder type snarl and pose.
he smiles at gittes, probes into the pond.
evening, he and elizabeth go to room 57.
sandy comes up on the van.
dillinger stands and shakes his hand.
rick grabs it, opens it, and stares down at the letter.
the light dims and the screen fades to black.
intrigued, he rises, goes closer to the watt, puts his ear against it, listens.
harken goes for kurt, but nick smacks him hard in the face, knocking him to the ground.
the older man faces him.
both vessels take on water and begin to sink.
he sprints up to sarah, waiting on the porch, and launches himself into her arms.
stunned, eowyn tries to stand and is hit once again with another crippling blow.
jamal opens his eyes but lies still.
as dillinger drives through the town, he nervously shifts his eyes back under the tipped down brim of his fedora.
her shutters are open, giving a view of a wild unkempt garden.
lavender flings her arms around ron's neck, and kisses him passionately.
tony smiles and unzips the document file he is carrying.
he throws rice in one of the thug's face, ducks as another throws a punch and instead hits his colleague.
reggie goes to the door leading to the private office.
the family are gathered around the table, listening to father reading from the newspaper.
alice makes a daring stop -- turns back up the hill, pedals hard, crying and hyperventilating.
the tollkeeper is seated against the wall eyeing them suspiciously.
mozart closes his eyes.
later, titanic survivors recover on one of the ships lower decks as nurses and crewmen flit amongst them.
april, holding the stroganoff, dashes out of the kitchen to serve the party guests.
jude grabs his arm.
she's on the patio, looking out to sea.
a black mercedes pulls up.
she backs away and he closes his eyes.
moran takes another shot, hitting one of the gypsies.
harry and hermione make their way through the primitive passageway, ducking the roots that dangle overhead.
and gandhi turns back, and starts down the long, hilly street.
brian stands and walks towards his old friend.
lily opens her palm to reveal a daisy growing in it.
rose smiles at cal.
the boy leaves, closing the door behind him.
duke lies snoozing nearby, as ben reassembles the machine.
asael ushers them out through a hole in the wall and into the street, leaving behind a pile of yellow fabric stars.
we get silent reaction shots -- elsa -- sallah -- brody -- donovan -- registering their different emotions indy proceeds forward.
he has a cut lip where jude struck him.
and they fall into one another's arms.
sadie grins, then bops her head as she gets up and joins them.
a man climbs into cal's lifeboat but cal pushes him back into the ocean.
juno, wearing her birthing gown and her striped woolen socks and bleeker in his sports kit and trainers held up like to spoons on the bed.
the front of the farm house shows only a harshly shaded front porch and a dark screen door.
ryan notices a second counter with no queue.
players drag their chairs across the floor and position them around the main table.
in the street below, he sees ss men escorting two prisoners and shoving into a car.
he notices cal eying him and raises his brows in acknowledgment.
evan is surprised to see his mother enter with mrs. boswell, but continues playing with kayleigh, now seven, a quiet, sweet-looking girl.
he watches forlornly as mj strides away from him.
gandalf turns quickly to aragorn.
the blond man stops to unzip the satchel.
she cuts her hand opening a can.
taking the half- empty ensure, will gets up to go.
eponine is behind the barricade.
the party guests clap.
the public address system bleats over the noise of the crowded luncheonette.
the pad glows red, a searing sound comes from his hands, and he grimaces as more lasers instantly and (not at all) painlessly change his fingerprints.
as barnes rounds the corner, the truck smashes into the hatchback.
and gets out.
gandhi and charlie come around the corner into it.
shards of glass fly towards octavius' wife.
george fixes him with a very interested look.
the front entrance is unlocked, revealing the dapper dan fellow on the inside: english dave.
he raises his hands to grab her.
he looks over his shoulder and sees the lights of a pickup truck coming slowly around the bend.
as george speaks, sirens are heard passing in the street below.
he stops grinding, drops the blade and runs a hand through his hair.
as karen finds herself listening, despite herself.
dumbledore's phoenix whoops down and settles beside harry.
gale is tossing evelle a sack.
the queen ansd tony stroll in a large garden which is dominated by a huge stone fountain.
a loud thud is heard as, outside, forrest falls.
the headlights now show only empty road, starting to turn the car.
we watch him stand beside constanze, who lies asleep.
inside the prison, inmate's central room filled with work benches, each with its own sewing machine.
as we focus briefly on verdell.
jacob nods and turns away.
the cauldron disappears.
preston walks past them, acting in the background.
as marsellus is dragged away, he locks eyes with butch before he disappears behind the door of russell's old room.
into this area comes tex, followed at a safe distance by adam.
one of them lays a sheet over myrtle's body, which lies on a table.
rose steps on a hem of her dress and slips.
karami stares up at hani.
he sits.
later, outside the jail, a cluster of national guardsmen stand watch by a waste high wall of sandbags.
the front lights are broken and the fender is ripped.
kate puts the pink, stripy scarf back and begins to look through a second box.
a widow with a little wad of bills hidden away in the sugar- bowl.
frodo suddenly finds himself on the stone steps.he clambers up the stairs, onto a high seat, perched on four stone pillars.
the boy spins the top on the deck.
joe and susan are at the front door, he has helped her on with her coat, she turns around, they kiss.
the bus pulls away.
she catches her mom and startles her.
gasping for breath, filch, the caretaker, runs down the hall and whispers to professor dumbledore.
there is a hectic, fevered excitement, evident in the faces of the people that pass by.
shuffling uneasily, he reluctantly moves away from emily's touch.
he looks into her eyes, then across at his grandfather.
evelyn looks down and smoothes her gloves.
they are inches apart now, the smell of each other surrounds them, a heaviness to the moment, now joe turns to head up the stairs.
she smiles gently at him.
isabel lunges at graham, who recoils.
the place goes into an uproar.
walsh has finished off the punch line and both men are laughing raucously.
morgan holds the book out to the lady.
the paper slides surreptitiously across the table to him.
karen stands there with her arms folded across her chest.
inside the building, a man in a suit and carrying a torch walks along between stacking shelf, some covered with cellophane.
then he walks down one of the side aisles of the chapel.
jane walks breathlessly over to where george is drinking beer and chatting with friends.
santa's chair is conspicuously empty.
behind him, gandhi wavers indecisively a moment, then takes the box from singh and moves to the fire.
there is a roar as if the earth were cracking open and flame as if hell were slipping out.
vogel looks down at indy and smiles smugly.
glasses magically fill with champagne.
banky smiles to oc.
buttercup, being spun into camera view, falling heavily as the man in black releases her.
behind him, khan holds himself erect and slowly takes his own card from his pocket.
gandhi is walking, holding ba's shoulder for support with one hand, and mirabehn's with the other.
the wolf is on the phone.
clayton stares coldly.
hannah, reacting, puts the spices down on the pantry counter.
she looks him right in the eye.
in the hospital wing, harry puts some fresh flowers on the table by hermione's bed.
marley offers up a welcoming paw.
we get an impression of sixth avenue behind lisa at the phone.
he narrowly avoids colliding with a tall stone tower.
the men look at each other.
brackett and loomis get out and stand by the front gate.
nicole has not moved since she walked in.
neville's red lollipop is snatched from his hand and flips out into the street.
ba lies on a mat, a pillow beneath her head, her eyes closed, her breathing short.
a soldier runs through the jungle.
the kid walks over to the car and looks in through the driver's window.
using the cloth-wrapped bone torch to guide their way, indy and elsa come upon a narrow passageway.
close on a framed photograph as he picks it up: it's the photo we saw earlier of him, carolyn and jane, taken several years ago at an amusement park.
it's held upright by snakes with green glass bodies and golden heads.
she chews, winces, spits the caviar out, and grimaces.
his eyes darting feverishly around the simply furnished room.
lester is suddenly alone in the stands, spellbound.
tommy catches this and seems disturbed, and quickly turns back to -- the mailbox.
need cash?
the company disperses, curious.
this is a familiar clue to preacher.
she gets in.
he's been talking to the bartender.
melvin has made for the door.
there is a charged pause.
tuvia hits back and launches himself at his brother.
sandra moves a chair to the wall, stands on it, and looks out of a window.
elise climbs off.
a look of resolve comes into indy's expression, and he turns back toward herman.
as harold and bob laugh, stuart slaps mike on the back.
the heat is almost unbearable.
dante skids back to the sidelines to address the customer.
dil shoots again, like a child, playing with a toy.
there are tears streaming down her face.
she walks over to the phone.
he swings round in a panic, holding up the wand.
sound of firing becoming sporadic, less intense.
she opens her eyes slowly.
there is silence, and air of somnolence.
sheets of lighting bombard dark mountaintops.
she looks on as he leafs through it.
flashback - juno approaches a boy hidden by shadow.
a bewildered customer peers at the rainy street left exposed in the open doorway.
frodo and sam continue their journey.
he grips the wand.
he whacks wille in the balls too.
he comes in.
his eyes snap back to john and his voice is like a whip.
jeff turns quickly to the window again, forgetting the phone for the moment.
thao's smile fades and he turns to go.
ryan unzips a backpack and stands behind a lectern.
carl sits at a desk in a korean class.
as he whistles, magarri stares at drover, who looks uncomfortable and tentatively lays his hand on the tree.
we slowly push in on the telegram, held in the hand.
she cranes her neck to keep track of ezra as he leaves the stage and moves effortlessly towards members of the audience.
charlie, drenched in sweat is writhing on the ground with michael holding down her arms and audrey kneeling between her legs.
guard moves through the waiting men, heading down the corridor.
david puts the new headline next to the old one.
eponine looks on and suffers.
a range rover pulls up at the entrance.
harry picks up a parcel, while ron dips into a box of every flavor beans.
thenardier and his wife hitch a ride on the back of a carriage which arrives at the mansion.
jack looks down at his unlaced boots.
jay and kay rush in from the door under the world's fair mural, and head toward the main display screen; all around them, the mib staffers are in frenetic activity in response to the threat from above.
barty walks away from him.
it is packed to overflowing; restless.
zus glancing at a german plane crossing the sky.
the rohan charge is decimating the enemy.
reaching the edge of town, she tosses the shoes up and around the power line -- a perfect throw.
they put their arms around each other and hold each other tightly.
crowds welcome the derby team bus back with the cup.
hearing the noise, walt leaps up and takes his colt out of a drawer.
petrol from a metal can is sprinkled on the ground by fletcher's men.
the woman is pregnant.
a soldier kneels to inspect the ground.
walt points his finger like a gun.
then -- the train jerks -- the car sways -- and the lamps running along the ceiling flicker and die.
angela is back against the counter, drinking the root beer.
he staggers around, looking left and right, then stops to stare up a grassy incline.
jacob tweaks his nose.
the gangster's feet go out from under him and the big man falls flat on his back.
he finds one and reaches for the vcr.
the brick is weather-worn and faded.
her face is full of sorrow, and her eyes are glistening with as yet unshed tears.
sue watches him as he begins to cough.
kay gestures to a group of onlookers, drawn by the curious blasts from the store.
peter wrenches up the door.
the maitre d's dark beady eyes look firmly at peter.
the other riders try to reach flynn, who looks in terror towards the oncoming herd.
she leaps down in front of him and swats him away.
he collapses.
and walks up onto the back porch.
audrey backs away.
the ancient secretary's right hand immediately picks up a pen and positions it over a blank pad.
dillinger steps forward, casually chewing gum as he glances around.
harry steps off stage
he takes the bracelet.
whilst her colleagues laugh, liz signals to a waiter.
he jabs his finger.
he lifts his hand and touches his beefy face with plump fingers.
ferris cocks a pistol.
a little boy is in a playpen nearby.
the shape drives the knife deeply into bob's chest with a slamming thud, the other end of the knife stuck through the wall.
the dude is twisting around to pull the money briefcase from the back seat.
vincent's out of the car, standing on the walkway, a big distance between the two.
vening, it's raining as walt drives his pickup truck back to his house.
trying the sitting room door, charlotte finds it locked.
some are purple, and some are pink.
and louis grabs his shirt and pulls him close.
indy goes to the well and fills the earthenware jug with water, then pauses.
tommy turns and glances at her then grins at jack.
rambo rushes over to the partition between them, pushing pigs out of the way.
fergus walks out of the room.
she looks at him with an appraising expression that is brazenly flirtatious.
zipping up his jacket, benjamin goes to his motorcycle in the cold, blue light of dawn.
a beam of light shines out from a lighthouse and sweeps across a shimmering blue ocean.
veronica as she stands in one of the freezer cases, holding a fire extinguisher.
fifteen or twenty cars are parked now.
he hugs hermione and ron.
the dogs keep running and barking as we pull back and reveal .
as tom hauls him up, harry calls his owl.
the drones are remote-piloted from the base.
they pass a sign utility gate 17 east.
she sits at the table, and by the light of the candle proceeds to open a black-covered book, and read it.
harry opens the map.
police and national guardsmen control the growing crowds.
clarence runs to close the door.
hagrid, the huge giant stands up, knocking into the table.
andy goes to grab her jacket and knocks over christian's bag.
his eyes shift.
in a dimly lit cottage, as tuvia pours out two vodkas.
he sits down at the foot of the bed and starts taking off his shoes.
he slides wearily down his barricade to the ground.
in the chaos an old man calmly picks up a piece of paper from the floor, a handful of salt, and folds another packet.
thorwald fights to dislodge jeff's grip.
the room is a complete shambles from the fight.
gatsby smiles politely and goes.
gandhi, singh and tyeb mohammed are leading a large procession of indian mine workers along a dirt road from a mining complex -- sheds, elevator platforms, pulleys -- toward a distant city.
one of them holds a baby.
a beat of silence as melvin thinks whether to comply.
the winding column of men, women, and children emerges from the wooded area into bright sunshine and a flowing stream.
holden smiles back, nods 'bye', and walks off.
they walk up to the huge collection of flowers, which are arranged outside the gate.
doesn't notice the movement in the distance behind him.
he strides to the ford v8.
going into the suitcase is bathing suits, wool socks, flannel pajamas, jeans, sweaters, t-shirts, a couple of dresses, way too much stuff for a two-day trip.
turning as the sudden blast of being buzzed into carol's life sounds.
the orcs are fleeing in all directions.
pete's dad follows his middle-aged wife to the backyard.
she slaps him.
marge has stucked in the door.
she sits on a bench.
neville still holds the sword of gryffindor.
guards seize barty junior.
there, partially hidden in the shadows of a bush, is the shape of a man, watching them.
neville nods nervously, takes a deep breath.
scabior stares at neville, who is guarding the entrance up ahead.
he turns and walks out of the compartment.
kay loads up the clip.
reggie and dyle walking along the quai, next to the seine.
harry stares nervously at the bushes.
he has moved over to the coat on back of chair.
molly brown helps a brunette woman.
they explode and the candles are snuffed out.
a redcap sees them and runs up.
a young man, beside her, whispers to her, but she does not seem to take in what he's saying.
he does a double take on seeing is physique in the mirror.
a bright ball of light springs from his wand, and plunges down towards the arena.
george holds up two ties for her approval.
he pulls a round metal disc, which is fastened to the body of the mine by a piece of twine which he ties around the cloth.
he turns to see the moped guy approaching.
fleur and bill are dancing together between two lines of guests.
mike walks up to a hostess.
the guy on a bicycle checks her out as he rides past.
nick looks down from the balcony in the opulent bedroom.
bob stands on the roof, leaning against the wall.
in a meeting room at the hotel, meinhard is making a speech.
the woman puts her foot on the accelerator, and the van speeds off throwing santa and the elf backwards.
with his lips apart, his dad drops his gaze then looks up.
she gazes back at jack.
bob tries to jump away, but the shape has a firm hold on his neck.
the car coasts silently to a stop in front of the robinson house.
lizzie looks a little pleased with herself as the dance draws to a close.
enjolras climbs halfway up the main barricade and turns to his little army.
rambo, sarah and school boy run past a wall of rock.
abby goes into the room, then quickly reemerges and runs down the corridor after mike.
one man sits splotch on, his head long back, trailing blood from two holes.
the cabin stands before them.
then takes it.
nodding off, edward falls backward, into the path of the spinning arms.
hermione unwraps her arms from around harry.
in the walkway, david watches the man in the bright blue anorak join a queue for tickets and approaches him.
the activist leans on a briefcase and drinks his coffee.
she leans over him, smiling with satisfaction.
thelma's mind goes too fast for her mouth, and the speed at which she speaks can be staggering.
he sits nearby.
several uruk-hai are running down towards him!
abby kicks mike.
a shaken findley flops into a leather swivel chair.
the englishman seems to be taken aback by this sudden display of concern.
with a quick, cautious look around he opens it.
one student wearing a gown steps forward to stand in front of snape.
cats move around on the china plates on the wall.
longingly, snape watches it leave.
she takes his arm and he carries the bucket full of water through town.
the cart rattles past a field lupin being tended by.
then gets up.
graham walks up.
she watches david return to the car.
lester sits across from him, looking small and isolated.
lilka also looks anxious.
the nazi soldier swings his fist, knocking henry off his seat.
he hugs everett, who looks profoundly uncomfortable.
ron looks puzzled.
theoden stands proud in his saddle, yelling to his rohirrim.
opens his mouth and sprays some mouth freshener.
javier talks into his cell phone as he passes the suited agents.
in the b.g.the ghost starts walking toward her.
he puts them all in the trash.
the dark-haired young woman puts her shoes on as she hurries out of benjamin's bedroom.
his smile fades as he walks.
the kid blinks a couple of times.
carl enters rick's apartment and sees ilsa.
he aims his weapon at the perp.
will sets him in the passenger seat.
don lifts the lid.
a board hangs above the desk covered in photographs and cards.
he talks into a dictaphone.
on his stomach, sighting down the gun toward lenny.
gloomily, he glances up, and through a window, sees jenny holding the baby with marley bouncing around, playfully.
debbie gets out of the shower.
he gazes at her.
and finally pandit nehru -- a face with the strength of a hero, the sensitivity of a poet, and now wounded like the son of a loving father.
she dodges past a car.
darren and tommy back away from the door as cole screams in terror at the top of his lungs.
in a dark cobbled slum, a woman takes a wrapped body of a child from a weeping mother.
he looks at hermione and she smiles.
buttercup, staring transfixed at what she has wrought.
helen and jacob stare as he then reaches down with his other hand and touches the alien flesh to the officer's head.
cole watches his hand carefully.
and joins them.
cole's face softens a bit.
hagrid slumps forward, hit by a bolt from a death eater.
two enormous rock statues, towering like 300 foot pinnacles on either side of the river.carved images of gondorian kings of old.
she pulls out a key as she reaches the door, only to discover it is slightly open.
gandhi looks back at nehru.
they march toward a stark building, where a smoke stack reaches into the sky.
a guard shots from an approaching rail cart.
everyone turns to discover indy and his party surrounded by nazi soldiers.
frozen, the knife in his nostril, the street lamp overhead gleaming on the silvery blade.
in the first-class corridor, rose searches for andrews.
he turns with a cruel smile as mary jane comes past, arms folded, and glares at him.
he exits.
as ben reads her words, his brow furrows.
indoors, mr. bennet is reading.
quickly he goes through his pockets.
kyle is on the phone in the back.
she wakes.
she watches dr.
sarah passes by him and walks up wooden steps into a hut.
latika smiles as she watches.
as spider-man nears the westside tower, octavius clamors up over its clock face.
dil opens the door with a key from her purse and they both walk inside.
there is a montage of him performing throughout the years from the seventies to the present.
the helmeted germans fire in tuvia's direction.
evan discreetly watches her leave through the window.
the night of dumbledore's death, which harry witnessed on the astronomy tower.
we see both the living room and the bedroom.
she stands there, taking deep breaths until she has everything under control, then pulls the blinds shut, once again all business.
asael looks behind him and sees a female shoot a hit, her arm still clinging to her machine gun.
but they all stare off for a long beat.
the door of the police car opens as charlie races from the diner.
he stops, realizing that he has hurt his father.
extravagantly dressed guests go wild at one of gatsby's parties.
the mopping con turns to watch him recede.
frederick turns away from lee.
and then, thrusts it into morgan's leg.
the camera leaves hannah's face as she continues to reflect; it moves to the den, to the row of family photos on the piano: one of a present-day evan and norma, others where both norma and evan are young, beautiful, hopeful.
salieri stands looking about him with tremendous curiosity.
a waiter passes, catches sight of joe, stops.
mitch makes a phone call in his kitchen.
mary opens door, looks in.
melvin just looks at her.
as ron and harry exchange a curious glance, the bell continues to chime -- ding!
both men are a little drunk.
it is littered with manuscripts.
norman gets out of car, with suitcase, runs to the door, opens it, pushes the door open, puts his hand in and switches on a light.
pete is on the toilet playing scrabble on his ipad.
a door explodes just in front of them.
he pulls her to him and tries to put his arms around her.
the children watch over their father's shoulder as merrill runs to their other german shepherd sitting quietly near the house and leads her by her collar across the yard to the shed.
then he slinks down a wall, head first, mask on.
his face contorts with pain.
mrs. kowalski gives alison a sideways look as she dances out to join them.
mickey, reacting, hits his forehead.
dumbledore finds harry packing his case in the boys' bedroom.
willie looks dubiously at the door off the calendar.
he pops a name badge into his pocket.
on the cover is a picture of rioting men fighting and diagonally a cut-out of gandhi lying on his cot.
he collides with an immovable turnstile, then staggers round.
he's punched and kicked.
she goes directly to the bedroom and we see her bending over one of the suitcases.
he enters a dining area with a buffet to one side and approached charlie seated with a man wearing glasses.
leah hands pipe smoking juno an ad.
ben's face is now stubbly.
mark is seated at the computer, surfing a horror movie website.
a soldier stands with an alsatian.
two more youths join in the chase.
attracting his attention, he motions to bert to follow him, indicating he has a nut in the back.
jack climbs over a railing and helps rose climb over.
the few men in the street choose their whores and disappear by the end of the chorus.
grabs it and hides under the doctor's desk.
each singer in the front row holds a huge toad.
for a long moment he just looks at her.
graham makes a pained frown.
draco begins to back away fearfully, eying the mist.
later, he puts out dog food.
he glances round, lowers his eyes, then returns to watching aisha at work.
the character of the place has completely changed.
jody follows her, as she walks backward, drawing him on.
randal, as always, reads on.
he resorts to his tea.
they enter a lift.
he finally turns to patel.
standing in front of huge oak doors, the tall figure of professor mcgonagall faces the first-years as they reach the top of the stairs.
evan opens the window and checks out his psych project: a small maze has several flatworms at one end and a bowl of cornflakes at the other.
we now see his face.
smashing him, through a brick wall into a child's bedroom.
abby looks at the agent, confused.
cal makes his way down the seating structure, squeezing past bernie.
75,000 orcs marching to war, just below frodo.
ben moves into the room and looks up at the portrait.
residents on the staircase delay the secret service agents.
harry walks along the platform.
he speaks quickly -- in a fake sotto voce -- towards the window.
she checks her phone messages.
back in the courthouse ladies room, a bureau officer kicks in the door.
the shape steps into the glow of the streetlight and watches them.
suddenly, the back of one of the military container lorries bursts open and the white cubes flood out of it.
he spots a group of the horse-like creatures he saw pulling the carriage.
bond kicks at some of the stones and picks one up.
dudley knocks harry aside.
paula looks up as they enter the restaurant.
he has blond cropped hair and a thick color.
later, they run along the pavement to the school.
john walks upstairs and switches off the lights.
a waitress and a waiter spread a tablecloth for them.
again, inigo doesn't seem to mind, doesn't even feel it.
then he slides on his back down the corridor, collides with a teacher carrying the tray and ends up with more food on him.
andrews nods and walks off.
george's left ear is covered in blood.
norman walks past sam, giving him the sort of quick, disapproving glance one gives a man who is obviously lying, goes onto the porch and into the office.
he's still wearing the same white shirt from the night before, with the top few buttons undone.
carl points at the guy and goes inside.
harry sees a bright object in a distance.
the guy walks up to the barman.
a large, lifelike, cuddly toy giraffe is carried up the steps of kate's brownstone.
it is a weather-beaten, old-fashioned two-storied house that once was no doubt resplendent.
in another larger bedroom, plain white linen curtains flap at the open window, giving glimpses of a pair of bare legs stretched out on the carpet.
with him are herr heinze, the german consul, captain tonelli, an italian officer, and lieutenant casselle, renault's aide.
she rises to her feet, squaring up to her skinny shoulders.
as she leaves him holding the thermometer the camera pulls back as she crosses to a divan.
a short, bald man of 65, mr. mccandless speaks.
thelma reaches for her purse and finds the gun.
the phoenix flies at the serpent's head flapping its wings the brave bird pecks repeated the other creature's huge yellow eyes.
his crumpled tie lies folded over itself on his still chest.
he wields a hammer.
slowly, rank upon rank of spectral warriors are revealed!
howard is pulled out.
these are both the middle-class mothers of the students - enjolras's mother, grantaire's sister - and the working women of the slums for whom they died, united now in their grief.
she barely listens to the teacher as she doodles in her notebook in front of her.
they look around the secret room and see a printing press and, on a table, sticks of dynamite.
pink is obscured, but mr. white is in view.
evan, defeated, looks over at his blank piece of paper.
he slams the bat into the alien.
he slowly walks toward it.
miss torso goes back to her apartment.
the real reginald appears in his vest and boxers.
ferris, who still has cuts on his forehead, gets out of the suv holding a briefcase.
rush over to a couch and sit down.
then out comes a framed picture of a saint.
debbie looks over and sees that oliver never actually left.
they stare at each other quietly.
sarah stares at him curiously, as he moves pensively away from her.
benjamin and daisy stand at the prow, looking out.
he turns and looks at lee in surprise.
pink are walking behind.
lucius malfoy and draco are walking below them.
indy stands in a small opening, just small enough for his shoulders to squeeze through and beyond that a 100 foot drop to the rocks below and 100 feet across, nothing but a rough, stony cliff wall.
walt looks down weary.
laurel is still watching.
the occupants of the room are varied.
they kiss, their figures almost silhouetted in the warm glow of the room.
the police cars stop in a line about two hundred yards behind them.
jerking and quivering, shelob crawls to her hole, leaving a trail of green-yellow slime.
lady catherine de bourgh and her daughter, anne, are inside the carriage.
tom shakes his head.
he slowly bends down.
lost in his own thoughts, he picks grains of sand out of a sweatshirt.
he turns as he hears creaking behind him.
the battlefield is in chaos as mumakil decimate the valiant rohirrim.
unconcerned, willie ambles after marcus towards a mall inside a manager deals with an irritate santa.
another warrior, crossbow aimed at westley.
dr. abel chuckles as he closes mickey's file and straightens up.
mr. bingley prods the fire with his foot.
as ron sits on the floor and gazes up at the moon, harry reads the card which came with the chocolates.
george hurries into his office where uncle billy is waiting for him.
it is a relentless, determined procession, filling the dusty street with a sense of menace and foreboding.
the carriage has arrived.
as he reaches the door and turns to look back at her, alyssa pounces on him, grabs his face and locks lips with him, big time.
taking a deep breath, she manages a brave nod.
he waves frantically.
he gives thenardier money.
he punches it away with his right hand, kicks another, and punches a third with his left hand.
after moving his spectacles closer to a group of people sitting at another bank of monitors.
he casually strips its twigs.
the younger inmate punches another guard in the face and holds his gun to his throat.
he carries her out of the room.
the mother pours some into the cap.
the car is coming out of the swamp.
they shake their heads clear, then rise to their feet in the muck and watch the train recede.
she puts down the love potion.
in the tent, hermione is cutting harry's hair.
he pokes his rifle at the three men, who raise their hands.
laurie bends down to comfort her.
she shakes her head.
the camera moves back to holly and the even more stricken- looking mickey.
he loosens her rope too and starts heading for the surface with the both of them.
ferris creeps up behind some rocks.
marge is making her way down the icy front stoop to her prowler.
graham and edgar walk down the driveway to edgar's patrol car.
daisy flops onto the pile of brightly colored shirts on the bed.
tenderly carrying mae mobley in her arms, aibileen sets her down on the lawn surrounded by a dozen toilets.
forrest looks out into the crowd.
pippin unwraps the palantir and as merry looks on horrified, he gazes intently into it.
javert's eyes are fixed on valjean, who staggers away from the dry dock.
tom studies nick.
merrill slowly catches his breath.
forrest rushes off the stage as jenny makes her way out into the pool.
the chandelier begins to shake.
vincent walks toward the house and pulls a note off the door .
he leans closer.
she strokes his head.
gandalf stops in front of a framed map, charred in one corner.it is thorin's map of the lonely mountain, gandalf smiles to himself.
now in regular clothes, santa's little helper opens a back door and finds santa surrounded by empty beer cans.
she takes it, looks at him for a flicker of a moment.
the 10-year-old brothers walk along a pipeline.
jeff looks across at her with some concern.
andrea is visibly shaken now.
pippin and merry run alongside trying to keep up.
charles and joe are aboard one of the buses.
he meets nehru's gaze, and for a moment something deeper than argument passes between them.
the president's double is shot.
he reaches out and presses the top button with his metal hand.
as the procession trails into the village, we see several villagers, knapsacks or bundles strung over their shoulders, run around the police and join the end of the procession.
he looks at her, long, pulls her close, kisses her lightly, looks out the window and stares at the wide sky.
head slightly to one side, he looks david full in the face.
the marmot splashes frantically, biting at the dude in a frenzy of fearful aggression.
hegwig is sitting patiently in her cage.
jeep nods, uncertain, eyes kyle another moment, then he shuffles along out of sight.
the shape races down the stairs.
the children watch her, fascinated, muttering among themselves.
andy smiles back, then looks down coyly.
after it passes, the perp is gone.
parrish resumes looking at the folder when suddenly the pain comes again.
he warms his hands at a fire in an inn.
she turns around, and goes right back into the kitchen.
smeagol staggers back, screaming with pain.
the room contains several gilded chairs dotted about, and a forte-piano.
tuvia climbs up into koscik's barn where half a dozen people are already hiding.
big dan walks awkwardly over to everett with delmar still attached to him like a hunting dog locked on to a bear.
a few children pale, bolt toward their parents and.
tony strides confidently behind the naval officer as before the equerry knocks on the grand doors.
kate takes out a small tray with two espresso cups on it.
the four hobbits, dressed in their old clothes, clean and mended, bow their heads.
he takes a bite from the pie she's holding.
an announcer watches from a tower.
he puts the pen down and clutches at his shoulder.
zus stops to reload.
edgar turns and rushes away down the street as jay picks himself up.
it rolls away and lies face down.
evan moans and begins shaking.
chief officer wilde stands at lifeboat four.
she smiles at him.
aunt may reaches into her purse.
walt stands motionless like a stone statue.
phyllis is watching closely.
ellen closes her file and slowly walks to her seat.
a man knocks a woman off the deck.
the tendrils cover his face.
sand engulfs a pistol as bond falls in slow motion onto the sandy ground.
they run for shelter.
jeff becomes completely absorbed with he sees.
the children sleeping.
a little hand comes into frame to accept it.
holmes removes his spectacles as the three men facing him close in.
he puts the petrol cap back on.
then, he and both women look up towards the sound drifting down from the floor above.
the low wide shot crops the biker at his shins.
but somehow, in this moment, he can't be a better father than law officer.
umbridge opens the door.
her every movement is followed admiringly by the eyes of the three men -- one wearing black tie, with a touch of grey in his hair, a long island socialite -- a young rather handsome, actor in grey flannel suit -- and last, a bright, pleasant, young man who might possibly be from wall street, wearing a blue-pin-striped suit.
more people climb over the railing at the back of the ship.
his arms extend from his sleeves.
he goes to the front door, rings the bell and waits.
the words hang in the air.
the hallway light comes on, and zoe slips past the open door clutching a video.
the stone-faced man in his late thirties, in a cloth cap and a brown leather jacket over heavy wool trousers, picks up a stone and tosses it onto the ground.
evan's words hit home and tommy's anger slowly dissipates.
the woman with the pram and a young boy nearly gets run over.
he stops for a red traffic light on a corner where more national guardsmen stand together talking, their guns strapped over their shoulders.
with a tearing sound his head and dieter's separate.
annie listens to the growling of the dog.
indy still hangs from the strap of his leather pouch as the tank swerves, barely missing the rocks and causing vogel to fall.
they sit with the windscreen wipers and headlights still on.
again gandhi grins -- and takes glasses from his sleeve.
the man's suit, air canister, and body are being eaten away.
seeing luke's disappointed face, she shuts her eyes, and bows her head.
cary holds up his backpack.
he trains the pistol on the president, who cowers in a corner.
students return fire as soldiers climb up the barricade.
zoe watches him a little shyly, as nick sprinkles some of the basil leaves over his meal.
suddenly, as the people once more start moving toward the door, she holds up a roll of bills and calls out.
the walls hung with moving portraits of elderly wizards.
he stops, noticing four military trucks driving past, slowly, antennas atop the trucks, and the men inside seemingly scanning the area.
she rises, starts for mary's desk, pills in hand.
they hug again.
he shoots the jeep driver with the machine-gun.
whip turns around and sees margaret.
strider.we see that it is hard for him to let her go.
the land rover continues along a long, bumpy, and barren road, which runs parallel to a river.
in the boys dormitory, uniforms neatly folded on the chairs beside their four-poster beds.
the sky changes, others have been summoned.
she wears black stilettos and a figure-hugging, low-cut black dress that stops at her knees.
hearing the door, ferris quickly shuts the laptop and turns off the desk light.
evelyn comes out to the veranda, carrying a tray with whiskey and an ice bucket on it.
they hurdle downwards.
he presses another button, gives the receptionist a friendly smile and a wave.
joseph's eyes are on david, who's sitting opposite a white haired woman at a table.
a cab driver closes the trunk of the car as two women walk toward the house.
lynda gasps and tries to scream.
she turns and looks up at the storm clouds then closes her eyes, tilting her face up to catch the rain.
john arrives at the airport in the pouring rain.
spider-man kicks a gun from a robber's hand then jumps on him.
he dances.
she pulls him over toward the water.
in his car, sandy smiles and bobs his head as he taps his thumbs on the steering wheel.
the memory begins with the hour glass.
he looks down the hill.
across the city in the high-rise oscorp building, norman is chairing a meeting.
camera following them, a little to one side, so that phyllis is clearly seen but the man's face is not.
he stabs at frodo with a wicked dagger!
it swivels erratically and lingers on harry.
it spins.
drover strokes his hair.
then, a german soldier, pointing his rifle at their backs, appears.
he is holding a mirror and an iphone.
a pillar crashes a police car.
the third swerves to avoid it.
he emerges once more.
peter, hands in pockets, walks slowly over to his friend.
westley drives a fist into the beast's face, rolling it off.
a maid in the hallway closes the door as thomas hurries to an upstairs bedroom to find his wife lying in a large bed, under blood-stained sheets.
harry slams the book shut.
the tweedy economics professor continues his explanation.
numerous museum-quality artifacts are displayed around the room.
jackson lowers his gaze and nods.
zed grabs marsellus' chair and drags him into russell's old room.
peretz running along a dirt track joins the others hiding in a ditch.
even though ames is filled with players, there is little noise other than the clicking of pool balls.
he lifts the glass to his mouth, but the umbrella keeps getting in the way.
soldiers fight over women at the dance.
he moves behind the palm tree near the walk.
the breakfast table is the eeriest thing in the room.
crossing the courtyard.
mr. gower, the druggist, peering from a window in back room.
the second clerk gets on the phone.
gandhi turns.
he is writing, pyarelal taking the pages as he finishes, both ignoring all the people, the sounds of gunfire and distant shouting, but he looks tired and tightens his jaw occasionally in pain.
walker stops, letting the procession march on by him, looking at the british police officer, then writing busily in his notebook.
she looks them up and down.
the surly waitress struts off.
gatsby and wolfsheim study nick who sits between them looking slightly bewildered but smiling politely.
she wanders down a corridor in florin castle.
she quickly goes away from the window.
the rain falls.
he looks at the photograph on the bedside table of his parents dancing happily together.
they load everything into the car.
only fedora is unperturbed.
the secretary closes the door behind her.
next is seen a close-up of a painting of jesus christ on the cross, complete with crown of thorns and holy expression.
greene looks noncommittal.
the spanish flags are waved.
the music stops as the camera moves across the room to reveal elliot, sitting in a wooden chair.
joe watches her.
the light in the eye slit goes out.
he is trapped in the snake house.
he is trying to kiss her now.
nick gawks at gatsby, a handsome, fine-featured man with bright eyes and swept-back, wavy brown hair.
now on a main carriage way, he unwittingly motors past donnie and joe and the boys who are driving back to town.
they land beside a statue in the cemetery.
we see him go through the office and out onto the porch, not even bothering to close the door behind him.
ginny and harry turn in circles, but can see no sign of him.
eleven-year-old lester looks up, pointing excitedly at: a dot of light falls across an unbelievably starry sky.
denethor emerges from the tower hall towards his son.
he looks up as he hears the breaking glass.
its bright lights illuminate a crystal chandelier, still dangling from a ceiling.
don price looks over, glowers.
as preacher's hand locks the door.
as gina walks off, jane looks exasperated.
his face is tight.
flash even with his left hand aims two punches at peter who gobs and weaves out of the way.
mary's back is turned to the curtain.
the congressional medal lies on a table by a ping-pong paddle.
bellatrix flings her dagger towards them as they disapparate.
ba sits at one side in the shadows watching him as intently as gandhi.
it stops by one car and carl emerges.
thunder explodes in the distance; lightning flashes.
rose gazes toward another table where a woman pulls a slouching young girl upright.
indy's foot hits the grill again.
she smiles as a flame appears.
he lands heavily on a barge carrying sand on the canal outside.
they go inside.
still seething, brian watches the teams run out.
people queue outside his office door.
he spins him around.
holmes, watson, and sim walk past stagehands in the wings.
he lifts himself up.
he tries another one, then attempts to lift a loading bay door.
the slytherin captain encourages his team.
tony has a hand over one ear.
keeps mouthing the dialogue.
the boys run towards a police station.
michael takes the machine pistol and picks up an assault rifle.
a mannequin holds a modern mobile phone.
both men walk with their hands in their pockets.
she freezes, stunned and humiliated.
the cop looks shocked.
sidney's irked.
tuvia, holding a shovel, steps away from koscik's newly dug grave.
lenny is approaching.
through tightly clenched teeth.
pete starts weeping.
charlotte leaves with the triplets.
he holds it up to show her.
pappy narrows his eyes at him, wondering what he's getting at.
cal looks around himself at the rising water.
david glances around as a server fills his water glass.
frodo, merry and pippin exchange smiles as.
renault watches rick's reaction.
the germans firing from the hospital.
they enter the black family home.
there is lynda standing there, propped up by a chair, staring at her with glazed, dead eyes.
he looks at don.
he observes the other people in the room.
the queen watches from a window above.
harry strides in and faces bill.
the fiery lava casting an evil light.
natalie takes off a bracelet.
he replaces it.
outside, purvis shifts his tense, vigilant gaze.
the scooter wobbles unsteadily.
he gets billie's coat.
the stolen money has returned.
vogel shakes his fist at the rising zeppelin.
the surveillance camera pulls away until the market, then the city become a grainy pattern of dots and lines.
people with guns chase the cavalry down the street.
bert gets up and reaches in his pocket for his billfold.
bernie speeds along the road, gripping the steering wheel.
he makes a figure of eight with his hand.
quirrell unwinds the turban from his head.
gatsby regards daisy earnestly.
veronica stands, letting dante's head hit the floor.
she puts her hand to her forehead, reacting to the baby as if she is about to faint.
gabriel steps out of the bright light, a tall, muscular man with enormous black wings.
all four guys wrestle.
elijah coolly swivels his chair towards his workbench, and puts down the paper.
he steps into a child's bedroom with pop posters on the wall.
miranda occasionally glances over her spectacles at the view.
kyle looks over.
the alien emerges from the shadows.
barnes sees the man in the checked shirt.
three tall spectator pavilions have been erected in the lake.
harry, ron and hermione arrive at the seventh floor landing and approach the fat lady in the portrait.
octavius raises the dark glasses he's wearing from his eyes.
she turns to him, the bitterness overtaking her.
they suddenly stop chewing.
zed looks down to the vast floor below and sees the four worm guys with suitcases walking across the floor.
morgan's throat is closing, his face is filled with strain and panic.
jeep and charlie, who holds the baby, climb up a steep hill.
snoop dog's lamps shine into a bunk room.
the clock shows five past four.
peter stretched out his hand towards mary jane.
sarah, her cheek wet, says nothing.
mozart comes out.
he falls.
he dials a number on the phone.
she looks up.
nehru stands in it.
daisy goes after him.
he pulls it out, cocking it.
mickey is back in the present in his darkened living room, illuminated by a glow from a window behind the couch.
edwards, still dazed by jeebs' regrown head, glances down at all the weapons.
the uniformed girls now stand in formation on the gym floor.
then suddenly a servant bearing a large tray of cakes and pastries stalks past.
ben sits in his car, watching a house.
valjean and cosette make their way down a darkened street.
buildings have obliterated all around them.
he puts his spatula down.
marius comes down from the barricade.
lednicki nods, smiles back.
there is a din of conversation.
he grapples with it as they sink deeper and deeper.
he looks around and switches on a light.
he pauses and looks at gandhi -- and for the first time he smiles.
alyssa comes back in.
whip arises to leave.
orsini-rosenberg rises and goes down to where mozart sits anxiously with the musicians, watching his approach.
harry sees hagrid sitting outside his cottage playing a tune.
the house elf startles him.
wearing biking gear, he kisses her goodbye then sneaks over to the kitchen sink.
rose stops a few steps above jack who takes her white gloved hand and kisses it.
knowing, the werewolf glances up.
the door of the hut remains open.
willies strolls up as the driver hands over the keys.
at dining room.
elizabeth waves to mae mobley and drives off.
it taxis to a stop as a group of officers march into formation in front of it.
neff is a little annoyed.
he looks dreadful.
as tanya/marlene dietrich resumes her slow walk away, karen sits down at the end of the row.
bob turns away with a humorless look.
a young woman in a very short party dress is sprawled on the bed.
a ford zodiac makes its way along a moorland road.
ron faces harry awkwardly.
evan whips around to see kayleigh watching him.
jessica's parents, ex-friend bernie and claire are there.
a man runs up and talks to forrest.
rebecca's eyes fill with wonder.
as he disappears, the book on his desk closes.
he seems to grow in stature, as if absorbing its power.
frodo is running blindly.
pieces of red flag flutter at either end of the ladder where it sticks out beyond the car.
malfoy scowls angrily.
meanwhile, mr. darcy has arrived at a coaching inn.
he finds a small wizened creature with floppy ears and a long pointed nose jumping on his bed.
elizabeth looks up, as if she knows she's being watched, but she's just looking at the sky, wondering how many stars'll be out tonight.
edward, whose eyes are swollen almost shut, keeps waiting for the next punch.
aibileen is pushed back against the side of the bus as yule mae is strung armed away.
he spots andy.
he goes into the small kitchen and unpacks the contents while janina gazes out of the window.
it falls below his knees.
robbie makes his way through the crowd.
the butler, herzog, comes over and leans down to gatsby.
a photo of sadiki with his family appears on the screen.
it's of dumbledore dozing in his high-back chair, his head new portrait: on one side, his eyes closed.
a waitress enters with a checkpad and pen.
mist rises from the water as the tiny wooden boats drift silently across the lake.
spider-man's eyes flare and he grits his teeth.
diana smiling.
there are europeans in their dinner jackets, their women beautifully begowned and bejeweled.
her hair is untidy.
billy gets back into the car.
she gently runs her thumb over her pregnant belly, then throws down the cigarette sharply.
she pulls a wand out of her cloak and points it at harry.
she enters the pub and takes in the barman with the raised truncheon and the old drunk in the corner.
trelawney's eyes look round desperately behind her huge glasses.
audrey crosses the physical therapy center.
a policeman from inside the house is taking nathan by the elbow.
harry and draco face each other along the platform.
she glances up at cal, who's focused on the road.
caroline follows him.
but the rest of the box is empty.
maman and his henchmen stand at the door.
the image flickers but doesn't improve.
corpses lie scattered on the pavement.
david frowns and looks back at the man in the anorak, who is also watching him.
lisa pauses in the act of gathering her things together.
the patrolman gets out of his car and approaches their car.
rick gets up.
he picks up a bottle of shampoo.
he tucks his cue case under his arm and turns to bert and sarah who join him.
glen is getting into his car.
holmes looks down at the hanky then glances over his shoulder at watson before casually tossing it over the side.
he looks down as she stares intently into his face.
a computer game character has a sword across his back.
they come out onto a meadow of tall grasses wafting in the breeze.
he pulls her close and kisses her tenderly.
merrill keeps his gaze fixed firmly on the farmhouse roof as he paces backwards down the gloomy yard, and tries to get a better view.
she closes the door, touching her soaking hair.
debbie nods with a disheartened gaze.
an elderly, fussy school principal comes over to george.
the figure of a man is silhouetted against the window.
butch is snapped out of his ass-kicking thoughts.
at his feet, he finds the note she left.
dante looks ahead, dreamily, half-spinning in his chair.
pop kisses her.
he says nothing, keeps control of himself.
krum raises his fist confidently.
finally he nods and sighs.
bilbo stepping on a stool.he bows in gratitude at the applause.
the surrounding cars stop.
valjean leaves to start packing.
ricky serves himself scrambled eggs from another pan, then joins his father at the table.
we are by now holding on pitch black.
inside the cabin, cammie comes to a rest on the ceiling.
the limo guys nod to chili and chili nods back, trying to catch harry's eye.
they down their drinks and set the glasses back down on the counter.
gollum, his sparse oily hair hanging like rank weed over his hooded eyes.
english and indians watch as mountbatten approaches a group of microphones identified as nbc, cbs, bbc, etc.
joe enters, parrish looks up.
he's impossibly far behind, but the way he goes you'd think he didn't know that because he is flying up the rope, hand over hand like lightning.
his face is very close to hers.
she goes first to adam's room and knocks.
fabrizio and others tried to cut the ropes
a group of children are having a touch football game.
while mickey pleads with her, holly puts her cocaine vial into her purse.
the trees in the garden are covered with brown and gold autumn leaves.
darcy is practicing his fencing.
they move along the wall in silence for a time.
two large tubs, one filled with steaming water, the other with water clearly of an icy nature.
mr. collins goes to bid his farewells to lizzie.
he picks her up and tries to kiss her but she is cold and limp in his arms, so he lets go and she drops back on the bed.
bo follows her father and then wanders out into the hallway as graham carries morgan through the dining room and into the living room, staring at the broken planks across the windows.
at the same time the little cashier is emerging from the 7- eleven with his gun.
ed is unmoved.
astride it is darcy, dressed elegantly in top hat and frock coat.
willie and marcus walk across the huge empty parking lot, followed at a great distance by the kid.
the fight between sadie and charlotte escalates and becomes physical.
he opens his arms.
the agents abruptly gaze out the door.
his skin is ashen and the blood still pours from the parallel cuts on his cheeks and his eyes are bulging wide, full of fear.
he then lobs the bottle over his shoulder and it smashes on a mercedes windscreen.
armed sepoys line the wall.
willie has pulled his beer down as a fag dangles from the corner of his mouth.
before the growing crowd, a man lights a flare and holds it aloft.
brock approaches gwen in the throng.
louise looks at the speedometer touching 80 mph and lets her foot off the gas.
the cloud flows into the ops room.
a group of armed lawmen follow behind, charging up a hill.
the tram continues on its way, now revealing the few passengers who alighted '97 women, an old man with a stick.
stopping in his tracks, graham turns and marches back in, seizing the knife.
jules, vincent and jimmie dimmick, a young man in his late 20s dressed in a bathrobe.
he is frantically reaching for a polaroid camera.
gently, he urges frodo on.
it tumbles between the stone arches, turning over and over.
the twin rotor helicopter lifts off into the dark night sky.
she looks at her little entourage, and turns and sheds her eyes from the sun.
two white-haired old women laugh.
karl smiles, but then it fades.
a young black woman leans on her window ledge, looking out.
his steely blue eyes bright and determined.
the pudgy boy rushes into the kitchen.
malcolm opens his right hand.
sandra is on the floor with her husband.
marius turns to see his grandfather staring him down, furious.
debbie walks down the hall and into the bathroom without knocking.
carl pops up in the back of the car, and terrence hits the gas.
the queen and tony descend the stairs with a corgi scuttling ahead.
a tower of fire and thick black smoke fills the air.
dante is sitting on the floor, head in his folded arms.
dancing girls.
out on the street, ezra feels his way along the pavements with the stick held out in front of him.
he pays for it and exits past camera, whistling.
one of the hydra cars hits him square in the gut, throwing him up and away, sailing 200 feet through the air.
vincent grabs the magic marker out of jody's hand and makes a big red dot on mia's body where her heart is.
bob glances over, sees the devastation in her eyes.
abby appears behind colin.
george grabs him by the lapels and shakes him.
they walk offscreen and the film cuts to hannah and mickey's living room.
at skeeter's house, stuart comes striding out onto the porch with a face like thunder.
a cottonhouse in the middle of the river is submerged to its eaves.
he turns his head slowly, his mouth agape at his point of view.
delmar plucks a fluttering dollar bill out of the air and looks at it wonderingly.
cosette gazes at marius.
by now, butch is frantically rummaging through the suitcase.
carl takes a sharp breath.
carl hands out oranges.
john glances at jenny and gropes to break the silence.
carl walks up to allison, who's wearing a dark blue coat with red piping.
he starts walking again.
he hands a curved wand to ollivander, who examines it closely.
the guys ride in kurt's car.
they swoop above the tables.
his eye is caught by the ring on his finger.
amos calloway stands up behind a bush, buck naked and hairy.
behind jesse, in men's wear, is lois, wearing a frown of pruney disapproval.
graham puts his ear to the door and listens.
andy glances down at the papers in her lap, and then looks across at miranda with sympathy.
as he is starting towards the door, the bottle rolls from under the couch.
ginny suddenly wakes.
as they embrace, mike turns abby around, and they lean against the side of the basket.
the psychotherapist sits in a comfortable armchair next to a curtained window.
we're flying high above the neighborhood.
carl is frozen in terror, as the dog snaps its jaws inches from his face.
jeep turns away, dejected.
thomas looks left along the river path, then breaks into a run.
he claps with the rest of the crowd.
wormtail pulls harry closer, a status grabs hold of harry and traps him.
he grabs them on their journey upwards.
tuvia draws the gun.
eddie sits at a table, smoking, waiting.
his doleful eyes linger on graham, then, he starts the engine.
they go down to walt's basement.
gatsby glances at the window then returns his unwavering gaze to daisy.
closeup uncle billy's left hand there are pieces of string tied around two of the fingers, obviously to remind him of things he has to do.
he goes quickly.
eddie lowers his eyes and leans back.
ron stands staring over the wreath beds, towards the horizon.
he makes eye contact with david.
they exit into the lobby.
dumbledore smacks his lips.
rambo faces the man.
sarah pours him some coffee and he tries to bring the cup to his lips, but he cannot manage it.
mr. mccleery stops and turns.
he smiles, as luna sits down coyly beside him.
he keeps struggling, but the men hold him spread-eagled on the table.
he picks it up and takes a drink.
as the water level rises, nina glances up and sees a giraffe beyond the grill in the ceiling.
henry and sallah are at indy's side as he views donovan's party in the distance.
gabriel's eye moisten, and he looks down.
he empties the bottles in the sink.
we pan with preacher and icey as they move towards the door.
the maitre d' has brought a pen on a silver platter.
the audience points at him.
harry reaches up, hoists himself through.
he finds a note pinned to a crate and reads it.
she reaches into her pocket, pulls out a pack of smokes.
hermione looks over at them.
ben reaches into his pocket and hands mrs. robinson a set of car keys.
kayleigh and tommy are helping lenny up and carrying him.
the car squeals out of the lot.
abby looks thoughtful and a little sad.
they creep forward, guns held at one hand and torch lights in the other.
cedric looks around the moonlit graveyard.
a statue shows muggles being crushed.
we push in on edward, enraptured by the concept.
abby takes out his profile.
he slips on the sweatshirt.
he raises his right hand, a fork is sticking to his palm.
opening it, he digs through marijuana paraphernalia, only to pull out an empty zip-loc bag.
he kneels by her side.
he turns a page of his book.
one cuts his left arm.
they continue on past the gardener, who's busily pruning a bush.
when the two boys turn the corner and are out of lynn's sight, tommy rips his arm away.
she is becoming aware of the rain starting.
standing alone by the latched gate of the churchyard, holmes applauds.
as he pours tea, daisy sits on a couch and gatsby stands leaning against the mantelpiece where the wooden clock sits.
george spots her and grins, then clocks jane.
they meet each others gaze.
he gets up and walks away.
evan sees what he's done and drops the weapon, horrified.
she gives him a little nudge.
peter enters his apartment building.
sam runs to frodo's bedside.
jack magnum continues to alienate his audience.
godse is making the pranam to him and he suddenly, wildly draws his gun and fires.
giant with the two pronged weapons spots the trio, and run after them.
the three men in the barber shop watch the news on television.
he sits down slowly, still holding the horn.
one boy is bald.
dillinger struggles to keep his grip while holding onto the moving car himself.
she escorts them.
rose grabs the railings and climbs to another locked gate
she gives a small nod.
inside, they sit in a cluttered room, each holding a mug.
we are on simon settling in for sleep, when instinct or sounds or the faint glow of hope turns him so that he faces the bathroom and we have.
dee struggles to roll over and change the controls on his gun, which fell out of his hand as he hit the ground.
his hopeful eyes find the empty pair of seats occupied three years earlier by elise.
sandra is stricken.
they drag eddie into the men's room and shove him up against the ground-glass partition.
she points to the desk.
anheuser looks around at the people on the bridge cheering and hugging one another.
they are trying not to panic.
hi and ed turn, startled.
jamal asks another woman and she pats his cheek.
hermione gives a deep sigh.
she holds out the axe.
his voice trails away as he looks out at the road.
a painting with a gold frame reveals a long, dark passage with a pinprick of light in the distance.
as he scrabbles away, strips of voldemort's black cloak twist round his wrists and neck, restraining him.
with her arm around the girl, talking in spanish, evelyn hurries her toward the bedroom.
and fires on the troops who are facing away from them, killing a number of them.
a four-by-four pulls up.
on the bridge, professor west is working on a laptop.
he tries to lean the door against the frame, but it keeps slipping.
the colonel grins nervously.
he pulls out a bottle of liquor from a bowling bag and tosses it aside.
he's in excellent shape; even his posture has changed, and he moves with the confident, easy swagger of an athlete.
minnie, carrying a pie, follows the ladies to their car.
the four ringwraiths rush into the prancing pony with wicked swords drawn.
an old sword sliding out of a shabby leather scabbard.its polished, well tendered blade glitters cold and bright.
will looks around the room, increasingly desperate.
gathering himself, he sniffs, flaring his nostrils, and stares forward with a steely gaze.
he sits up in bed.
the carbon-copy form shows thick smudgy, illegible entries.
as mary picks up the phone, george comes in from the front porch.
the train of black smoke is sawed away, crashing through charred roof timbers.
uncle billy is taking a drink out of his bottle.
his hair is messed.
lieutenant dan taylor steps out of a tent.
at the black gates, aragorn musters his men.
this lands on nelec.
he sets the suitcases on the curb and the cab driver moves to take them.
benjamin unfastens her belt then unzips the back of her dress.
ben is in the phone booth in the lobby no more than twenty feet away.
westley, lying on the bed.
sam sits up with a start.aragorn's head snaps round.his eyes fly to boromir's shield which lies abandoned by his camp bed.
he screws up his face.
suddenly, she bangs her cuffed wrist against the back windshield.
he smiles lovingly at her, looks down.
he frowns as bobby's bare torso presses up against the window.
julie hugs ryan.
phyllis is putting a can of cleaning powder into her basket.
looking off at the speaker -- medium shot.
it drops closed, trapping the cattle inside.
balancing on an edge, harry lashes out with the sword keeping the creature.
the room begins to shake.
strange magnetic force pulls metal items up off the ground and draws them towards the water tower.
rambo gets back on the machine-gun platform.
brian nods sagely, then leans close.
gabriel lunges over the passenger seat, grasping for charlie, his ferocious hand only inches from her and the baby, when.
keyes moves towards him a few steps and stands without answering.
he snorts a line of cocaine from one's stomach.
the activity in the yard appears to have stopped.
they stare at each other for a long moment, then, with intense effort neff gets up on his feet and stands there swaying a little.
snape is still muttering.
he knocks a knife from the man's hand.
he is much nearer the lens, because he is on this side of the street.
on her therapist's roof terrace overlooking manhattan, kate turns and eyes the man with realization.
he enters reception.
in black and white flashback, uncle ben sits in his car.
the gatekeeper swings his lantern onto the hobbits, bathing them in an uncomfortable yellow spotlight.
now the family is outside amusing themselves in the gardens.
merrill is deep in thought.
he takes a pen and draws a vertical straight line.
wormtail opens the riddle family grave.
mary assists inspector lestrade.
he seats on the snow-covered rocky ground, and looks skywards through the swirling snow.
debbie starts looking through the ipad.
gatsby turns and walks away.
he stops on an upside down picture of a crashed train.
she pops it in her mouth and licks her fingers seductively.
alex's eyes sparkle.
the next morning, sandy waits by the car as diana approaches with sunglasses and disheveled hair.
huts and trees are on fire.
don, not noticing, walks to his big chair.
several boys are gathering in the hallway trying to see into the room.
ryan puts his case on a table and grabs two gray plastic trays.
merrill turns away.
he is 10 times bigger than hagrid.
quietly he sprinkles crumbs over the sleeping sam.
- a high shot looking down through the rain past the dripping eave of a barn, under which everett, pete and delmar have taken cover.
he hands her his empty glass, and they stand facing each other.
he and daisy exchange furtive and nervous looks.
jeff challenges doyle.
he tosses spider-man against a metal beam.
the famous arms-outstretched statue of christ the redeemer breaks apart and crumbles over the streets of rio.
harry moves towards the door.
the bronwhead girl smiles, holds out her hand, and places a locket in flint's huge palm.
peter glances at her as a dejected harry comes back into the room.
he pulls her nightie back on.
something moves amidst the frothing waters.
a large crowd is gathered around a speaker on a platform at one side of the park.
john sits on the edge of the bed, in his underwear.
he stumbles out.
he stares wantonly at her ass, off in his own little world.
emily blinks, and walks towards her steps.
there are two large bags over flowing with clothes.
ship stewards help passengers up as harry and his friend terry scan around.
the horse swims towards him and he strokes its muzzle.
the cop shattered the bmw's back window.willie drives on, and the cops speed after him.
watson opens the leather pouch which holmes gave him and takes out a vial and hypodermic needle.
evan turns around and sees gwen, one of the sorority brats from the bar, exit the shower naked.
jack peers over the top of his sketchpad, then draws a line.
lenny is out of bed at once to help him.
he stands in his pajamas in a doorway.
bren is cutting up liberty's food diligently.
he goes to get a huge bellows.
beside it looms the dark bulk of the dietrichson sedan.
the convoy pulls up at an aircraft.
holmes' screams are audible over the tenor.
behind gothmog -- all over the ruined city -- 5000 orc archers rise to their feet.
she begins the first graceful movement of a modern ballet interpretation.
graham glances to his right as he works.
graham steps up to the climbing frame and looks searchingly at bo.
salim lies with his back to jamal, but he's wide awake.
david exhales slowly as he stares at elijah.
the children are dragged from him.
dr. woodward grabs the map.
she notices, too, the paintings on the wall; nudes, primarily, and many with a vaguely religious overtone.
the mob constantly swelling.
gothmog and his men watch as the knights approach.
he opens the book, places the ruler not horizontally but vertically.
martin goes on into building 47.
abby covers her eyes.
he continues to hold the webs attached to the buildings behind them.
nick nods sharply and attempts a smile.
he looks quickly toward the intersection and then right back to lisa.
jimmie comes over with a handful of linen.
the soldier checks the driver's papers.
louise's eyes get wide as she hears this.
he glances towards the glass booth and sees lednicki with the technicians.
howard scoops anna in his arms.
we watch, for a moment more, the two sleeping faces.
audrey sits on a bench seat, hugging her knees and shivering.
he's wearing a tight black leather zip-up jacket with short glittering blue lapels.
he replaces a cartridge in one of the men's bandoliers with his lipstick and shoves the lipstick case into the muzzle of one of the men's rifles.
the maitre d' has a book containing photos of all the delegates.
with a huge effort, frodo wrenches the ring off his finger.
the figure steps forward.
he tosses it across the hall.
he sits over the toilet smoking as the bath fills.
more corpses lie at the edge of the field.
and standing on tiptoes, juno cups his face.
harry looks up at his friend.
looking troubled once more, he stands beneath the fine jets of water and stares down deep in thought.
she stares at the owls perched on the car roof rack.
sandra covers her mouth in shock.
the wallaces step out of their house and walk to the garage.
aunt may sees spider-man hauled down by octavius.
joe stops the projector and breaks the film off.
the loom above each bed, raising their shining swords above the sleeping hobbits.
he looks into her eyes, then he does kiss her as though it were going to be the last time.
ubiquitous is allison, 35, parrish's older daughter, foremen competing for her attention and she relishing every moment.
sydney's eyes rove in thought as the penny drops.
having backed out of the parlor, he makes his way over to the curricle outside.
he turns back.
there is not the slightest recognition from either ilsa or laszlo.
electrical explosions go off around the station and trucks hurtle through the air.
he gazes at the black elder wand in his hand and thrusts up his arm.
a glamorous woman in her 50s approaches heavy featured, debonair lawrence.
by the holbrook swimming pool, hilly is addressing the local ladies.
he looks at them pleasantly.
she holds her smile.
inching cautiously forward and holding out his free hand as if for balance.
glen is a short stocky blond man in his early thirties, wearing bermuda shorts.
afraid to look.
they head back towards the house.
she tugs at the door.
at the bar, renault watches with raised eyebrow.
john looks deep into rachel's eyes.
the two friends put their arms around each other.
the car explodes, sending shock waves through the marketplace.
gandalf watches his friend's face.
she looks at the check and faints.
for a moment he folds his hands absently, then he stands.
the death eater pulls back.
he touches the blood, studies his reflection, then touches a finger to the sweat on his brow.
ryan moves closer.
she ventures inside and makes a slow but pointed beeline for the scarf.
we have seen azad and pyarelal come out on the porch behind nehru.
the chief peels an orange.
clutching the boy close to him, kyle stares out at the possessed.
ron holds harry back.
reaching the cargo hold, gordon sprints between the rows of cars towards the open rear door.
coolly, he closes the sealing doors.
women bargain with them, making purchases.
he turns and leaves the room.
harry waits, still as a statue, until each and every one is gone.
voldemort lands and takes aim.
the men shake, disbelieving this lucky coincidence.
the kid turns and makes to go out of the garage.
valjean is furiously packing stuff up.
in the apartment, a seated billie checks her watch, then turns up a radio.
lee slips past elliot and walks away.
hi, unaware, is turning to face him, presenting the plank as - the knife is thrown.
activity of secretaries going in and out of doors, etc.
across the street, edgar sees a short, older man come out of one of the jewelry shops on thirty-fifth street.
purvis follows up with shots of his own.
ginny runs to harry and they hug warmly.
fats carefully extends his palms so that henry may sprinkle on some talcum powder.
he goes back to the desk.
he rolls off the satchel strapped to his back, sits down on the bed, his face glum.
a co-worker finds audrey working with an elderly gentleman who's laboring on a stationary bike.
hermione looks concerned as harry walks away.
the yuppies are dancing, the diners are biting into big, juicy hamburgers, and the icons are playing their parts.
as the man on the balcony teases out a slice of pizza, spider-man swishes past, grabbing the pizzas.
sam sees frodo in the.
old people lying down, exhausted, impossible to tell whether some of them are alive or dead.
edward turns to see to his right, coming down the larger, paved road.
mr. darcy sits up.
the bedroom is somewhat messy.
mrs. walters fixes minnie with a look of confused comprehension.
ugarte looks around.
neville's eyes pop open in shock.
at the slytherin table, draco malfoy, flanked by the ever- present crabbe and goyle, catches harry's eye, feigns a dead faint.
drover reins his horse in, stares at sarah and takes off again.
a teenage girl with short brown hair tied back in a small ponytail swigs from a little size plastic bottle as she contemplates an armchair standing on the lawn, in front of her.
a balding man makes his way through an open-plan office.
knocking her unconscious.
we start moving before he does.
harry walks along the cloisters as the hogwarts' students say goodbye to the durmstrang and beauxbatons visitors.
the lights go out as a drum roll begins.
daisy looks nervous.
she moves away with her coffee and her child.
on it lies a revolver and the second page of a letter on which don is writing.but amid all the grimness can we share one little joke, dear wick: i did finish something, didn't i?
the lights move past them.
it zooms upwards out of his reach.
the commander emerges from his hut in his vest, pushing the small boy before him.
he lets the small yapping dog out of the carrier.
a ray of sunshine bathes the log cabin in soft golden light.
he glances back at the fetal figure.
harry glances to his left, and sees the bodies of nymphadora and remus, lying side by side on stretchers.
harry walks silently.
she runs off with a hand over her mouth.
the applause and cheers begin anew.
ron presses the accelerator and the car zooms away.
he unfolds the silver wrapping paper, and takes out some soft material with a rich dark pattern.
she breaks the cage.
lawrence takes a seat behind his desk to address his underlings.
after a moment, the guard comes out and the uniformed guard closes and locks the door and we.
they step back as they see two uniformed policemen on the beat.
abby runs to catch up with him.
two horses are charging across the english countryside.
he removes a muddy ledger, which he tosses aside.
thenardier and his gang shrink into the shadows, as eponine's scream ends at last.
eddie leans over to shoot, then turns away, laughing loudly to himself.
a message from luke demanding the outline pops up on her laptop.
forrest looks at jenny.
she looks almost as happy with her dogs as vanessa looked with her baby.
rebecca packs clothes into plastic bags and stuffs them into a cupboard.
klaatu writes his own formula on the chalkboard.
he's dragging his broken moped along behind him.
before we see the lettering he slides it into his pocket.
bob stares at the length of the road before moving.
then, turns towards the black smoke rising from the crash site.
now, a man runs down a corridor.
throughout remainder of this scene, they occupy themselves with dressing, hair-combing, etc.
he has recovered a bit more, but he still moves slowly.
frodo peers out from the seat.the world seems to shrink.
sandy gently closes her eyelids and her head falls into his lap.
kay and dee both look over quickly.
in his motel bathroom, ben lies fully clothed in a bath that is too short for him.
audrey raises the 45 and click.
his arms, face and hair are wet with sweat.
as harry struggles towards the surface with ron and the little girl, he notices his hands are no longer webbed.
alice sees the locket he's holding.
she stares at the bed and then screams at the top of her lungs.
peter looks at him searchingly.
he carries his friend to an emergency room.
she stares at him and looks puzzled.
alette's perfectly made up eyes blink.
jackson reacts and grabs his arm.
she looks over at nick, who stands grinning at her.
he opens the door and enters.
preacher's face twitches with emotion.
to his surprise, the words appear on the paper written in red.
something new enters his eyes; a game has begun between them.
a car drops andy off.
the shape's hand grabs the lock and clicks it open.
the sorting hat regards thoughtfully.
he walks around the table and takes hold of his aunt's hand.
mrs. boswell leads andrea over to the teacher's desk.
see the small hole through which the light comes.
he carries a large aluminum sample case common to salesmen.
tim calms a little, then lets her kiss his cheek several more times.
barnes makes a second call on his cell phone.
the long bar is filled with customers.
suddenly, a sharp faced witch with a pointed hat grabs him by the arm.
tamara looks fondly at her little pekingese dog, caesar.
voldemort's image hulls with fury and rears away.
indy reaches for the trumpet, pulling it from herman's mouth.
she walks around to him, smiling.
cal opens the safe.
cute baby pictures of the couple fill the screen.
she escorts them out to their room, then returns.
forrest runs from the chasing room.
gittes pulls out a torn envelope.
the rain cascades as a grief-stricken tim strides away from the hospital.
minnie walks up the drive towards an imposing white painted mansion.
a girl lying on her bad with a rabbit on her chest answers.
he stands at the phone thinking.
rambo wears a concerned frown.
later, the queen sits on a bed and watches footage from an interview with diana on tv.
flames begin to engulf denethor.
in an office, debbie faces her gynecologist.
ilsa tries to warn him.
nullah's sitting on a rock.
he spits it out over the mirror.
ron presses a switch.
jack's roommates exchanged puzzled looks.
he uses the tap to open the cover on a gas valve.
audrey's sleeping body in a white night dress is carried from the shadowy light of her room to the foot of the stairs.
the very anxious customer stares as randal enters the store.
tiny statues of saints surround the interior perimeter.
santa cuts a lonely figure as he sucks on a cigarette and calls over to the barman.
the general, police chief and guard sit on a cool balcony surveying the arid scene.
on his cot lies don, his eyes wide open.
upon a low stone pedestal, carved like a branching tree, sits a shallow silver basin.
rambo solemnly watches them go.
a cooking show on a studio set.
she looks up for an instant as eddie appears.
michael goes to the boot of the squad car, opens it, and takes out assault rifles.
harry swipes it away.
people, including the szpilmans, are dressing or dressed, packing up their belongings.
ferris sits at a table with the black hood over his head.
she is carrying a tray with breakfast on it.
she subtly shakes her head.
ellen takes zoe's hand and leads her away.
hermione flicks her wand.
she unhooks the hanger and bends it out straight.
she hangs up on him.
the congregation clap and cheer him on.
carol puts her bag in the car.
a moment, then she soothes the top of his head -- like the mother-wife she is.
fletcher leans on the railing next to her, as the boat sails away.
the nurse is dragged along the floor by the leg.
he is surveying the wall in the now empty park numbly, desolately.
ron and hermione are close to a shabby house.
hagrid looks out of the window.
the lights of manhattan bridge stretch towards the glimmering city.
she exits.
hermione leans her head on harry's shoulder.
he swerves past tracked excavators and down a winding bumpy track in front of a smooth new quarry rock face.
ignoring her, his nerves even more taut, godse joins his hands together and bows in greeting to the mahatma.
michael stops her.
his hair is dark and neatly trimmed.
in a hotel room, he sits staring out of the window into the night.
merrill looks away.
edward helps her back inside.
as it's getting dark, they arrive back into town.
the curtain is billowing.
she watches as nick gives a handful of basil to zoe.
lizzie is watching the shooting party from jane's bedroom window.
whip clenches his jaw.
they have rolled through some brush and their bodies are now halfway into a clearing.
hermione, harry and ron peer through a ruined archway.
harry flies into the air like a dolphin and the crowd cheer.
as red and homer return fire, baby face shoots at a townsman who holds a pistol at his side.
school boys shoots lewis a murderous look.
her head is propped against will's shoulder, her hands tucked under her belly.
he moves closer to the glass.
in it one of the boys, martin, is playing a detective character.
wick goes into the kitchenette.
as the men look the other way, daisy hurriedly climbs in after nullah.
ba and mirabehn stand there watching, desai with them.
both men stare at the lcd screen.
with a deep frown, adriane crosses the bridge.
evan turns to see lenny waving her over.
her screams continue behind them -- they run and run and run, but then boom: they hit a dead end.
he buttons on his shirt.
butch's hand goes out of frame and starts massaging her crotch.
heavy snow is falling.
ditto his once white socks.
now, larry stands with oliver as he eats.
at the fish market, a bored-looking zoe stands nearby.
in the kitchen, nick completes a vegetable garnish on a dish and lays it out for a waiter.
the man in black pulls her to her feet.
the dingy concrete walls are covered with graffiti.
surrounded by gushing fountains and ornamental palms, they look up at the house.
he looks like any boy, rich or poor, with his first watch.
later, craig goes to see ryan in his office.
hermione turns, watches fudge and the others drawing closer.
breen pulls off the headphones.
we move to strasser's table, who has witnessed the event.
maguire sitting with an armalite in his hands, watching him.
thao is up a ladder, fixing the old house.
preoccupied with his iphone, dale doesn't see him.
barnes, a man in his 50s with a furrowed brow, glances all around, scanning rooftops and the protesters as he walks ahead of the president.
the shark has human legs and arms and wears red shorts.
closely watched by death eater amycus carrow, lines of students march across the courtyard and tramp down the staircase towards the great hall.
the impatient customer stops randal.
she struggles, but bo hangs on to her.
dante heads back to the counter.
they part when daisy starts talking, only to be swept away in mid-sentence by another man.
hannah opens the refrigerator, totally ignoring holly.
evan sits in silence for a moment, contemplating this.
she gently squeezes it.
she rolls up the bonnet, hits the windscreen and is thrown in the air.
the explosion flings him to the ground in the middle of the street.
she curtsies.
a several long hairy legs emerge from the hole.
mr. darcy's mouth is tight, brows furrowed.
merrill's in an army recruitment center looking at the posters.
a dead buffalo lies beyond it.
the boys huddle close behind brian, excitedly.
as the storm rages around hogwarts castle, the black- cloaked dementors hover outside the grounds of the school.
dave, the burly man, comes out.
hi sits on the couch, holding the camera's cable release.
klaatu looks down at the inscriptions.
she leans against the canvas, looking bored.
gripping the steering wheel, he takes a breath.
the figure raises his wand, and the lightning retreats.
john takes the stuffed lamb and patrick tearfully hugs marley.
merrill watches as graham kneels down and reaches to morgan's side.
bella and asaell look across at chaya, as she appears carrying a basket.
the raging orange glare from the chasm turns frodo into a black silhouette.
a woman runs to them.
she gawks at him.
gale is staring at the streamers and decorations.
many of the rest of the rebels are sleeping.
chili sits across the desk from dick allen lots of jewelry, a giant neon cowgirl out the window behind him.
the orkin van is parked in an alleyway somewhere downtown.
she looks at the baby and shakes her head.
sandy covers his ears.
she turns to face him.
bremner trudges out after the officials, leaving brian sitting alone, brooding.
unable to contain herself, she begins to walk up and down the room, holding her script.
we see a nod.
they are ambushed by orcs.isildur.
dillinger urges red to his feet.
scabior grips his collar.
the big rottweiler owner closes his eyes in shocked disbelief as john lunges for marley.
he removes his glasses and looks at his reflection on the elevator ceiling.
to his horror uncle vernon himself begins to rise.
we see the baby sitting in the middle of the street, and lenny fast approaching from the background.
karen looks like she wants to throw up.
he is barely visible, almost blending in with the dark foliage.
he rides with great emotion like he is trying to get all the frustration out of his body.
umbridge holds up a decree.
frodo peels off his shirt revealing the ring on the chain around his neck.
and a man is hurled into the air.
jeff seems a little disappointed.
doyle turns quizzically at stella.
inside dillinger waits with his tommy gun as the gang continues to dress.
suspects are herded out of the van, and into the palais de justice.
neff goes out.
calendar ruined, chocolate eaten, he picks up the vodka bottle and lurches towards the lounge.
on board several hunched figures steer with long oars.
a hopelessly confused parrish does not respond for a moment.
john walks out of a small neat bungalow and picks up the newspapers, one of which is the sun-sentinel.
mathison turns back to the mother.
gimli steps closer to aragorn.
he looks around the empty station, then sees the attendant with the hand out.
he hasn't moved, and neither have his friends.
the train continues its way between the city buildings, as the two men rise and face eachother.
forrest tries to run even faster to get away.
a police car pulls up in front of the myers house.
ignoring verdell he sits at the piano and his one key repeatedly.
the barn door gapes black.
tuvia tosses a bag at malvin and hares away across the field, his physical and mental strength restored.
one by one, deep in the distance, the lights of the great hall go out.
two men exit through the revolving doors.
the dude looks stuporously up, his head swaying.
he looks at the offscreen lee.
they fend off each other's energy blasts like sword fight.
he moves in slow motion, visible through a sea of mist.
an owl hits the ceiling and falls in a flurry of feathers.
she's sitting with her back to him.
she kisses his stomach; her mouth moves down his body.
connie pulls her back.
very slowly, their faces draw closer.
eddie empties his glass and slaps it on the shelf next to sarah.
two close-ups reveal ilsa and rick seeing each other.
now in a telephone exchange with baum, he plays a 78 record.
hermione stops at a grave marked with a horizontal slab.
charles approaches tony.
tommy gun in hand, dillinger gracefully hurtles a counter and grabs a middle-aged man.
he stretches out his right hand and flexes his wrist.
nate nods, then turns and walks away.
one opens.
as mary listens, she turns to look at george, her lips almost on his lips.
he glances back.
at this jack magnum is tackled and pushed out of the balloon basket.
compromising photos of julia faking a variety of sex acts with an unconscious dale.
he is in his white suit, the black-ribboned pince-nez.
lee sets her glass on the kitchen counter and walks towards the bedroom area.
as skeeter takes hold of the cup aibileen hastily wipes up the spill in the saucer.
quince sips the red, now the white, now he pours some of each into one glass.
sarah rides up to the house.
later, in elise's bedroom, david runs his fingers through her hair.
harry sees the diadem lying on the ground.
his head hangs back over her arm.
holden accepts a comic from another fan.
elijah looks at his mother with disbelief.
doyle becomes interested in watching something out the window.
mad-eye begins torturing the spider with magic, it squeals.
it flicks its tongue and nods.
the seine forms a whirlpool here, where violent currents swirl round the piles of the bridge.
and drives off past the surface.
fudge turns.
she shrugs.
as the people begin to disperse, her face starts to cloud over, as if suddenly thinking of something sad and serious along with the good things.
he leaps on her back, knocking her down.
he jumps.
they both look after don.
ashton is transfixed.
he hangs up, totally satisfied with himself and rips over to carol and melvin.
elena's being restrained.
glen, rubbing his cheek, seems angry at himself.
over this we hear.
this is the more sober gandhi they have come to know.
two colored women are cleaning the offices.
he flies on to an area with a bridge, he flies through a gap in the bridge but the dragon crashes into it and falls into the water.
hartley's brow furrows.
peter reads it at a newsstand.
george is stopped momentarily by the appearance of the house.
at the hospital, caroline looks at the theater flyer.
boromir's fingers tighten around the hilt.
he goes to it and looks, balancing on the edge of the porch.
cala serves food.
the white-haired boss uses a phone.
frodo watches as the balrog puts one foot on the bridge and draws up to full height, wings spreading from wall-to-wall.
he buffs a wing of the car and works his way around to the bonnet, carefully removing any marks.
she passes between ben and the television set and goes out of frame.
jack's eyes widen as he watches people and deck chairs smashed with each other
the conductor reads from a dirty piece of card.
everett is still puzzled, but willing to be instructed.
he climbs in and, opening the glove compartment, he takes out the tax disk and reads the address on it.
she closes her eyes, then draws back against the door, fearful, like a threatened animal.
escobar and his minions appear from either side of the door.
she kicks off the wrong shoes.
the commander appears.
as skeeter storms away from the table, phelan frowns lamely.
mary throws her bouquet, which is caught by violet bick.
harry tracks filch the caretaker's footprints around the map, then spots another name, peter pettigrew.
lizzie cringes as she remembers her family's improper behavior.
malcolm moves towards sean fast.
peter looks harry in the eye.
the secretary half rises in protest but gittes is through the inner door.
marsellus starts moving toward butch.
a hand comes into frame offering a plate of sugared biscuits.
bugs start to run up his wrist.
we see the burnham's house below us as we approach it steadily.
harry steps up onto a broken stone support and looks out.
as they cycle off past the town's water tower, a vast plume of smoke rises just outside the town.
aragorn attacks the leading uruk-hai like a madman.
they follow the others, along a cliff top, overlooking the sea.
calls valjean to marius.
she finishes an ice cream sundae then brushes a tiny piece of spilled ice cream from her swollen belly.
and indy's father, professor henry jones, steps out of the shadows.
andy looks up the spiral staircase and sees the twins looking over the banister rail on an upper level.
the limo sweeps down a main road.
over the sound of adolph hitler addressing a rally.
it rips spider-man's costume in several places, and battles the front of the train as the costume tears away his arms as his hands holds the webs uses them to restrain the train forward thrust.
the envelope folds itself into a mouth.
jeff is definitely angry.
in the infirmary, ginny and hermione sit beside ron's bed, as madam pomfrey checks his temperature.
holly and mickey emerge from the door and walk up the street, revealing a whole row of similar apartment buildings.
he gives him the diary.
he kicks viktor's wand from his hand and raises his own wand.
mary jane looks on in shock.
dr. abel walks from the examining room, through the consultation room, to a second examining room across the way.
marius gently kisses eponine's brow.
he has a hook for a left hand.
kay blows jeebs' head off and jeebs' body collapses to the floor.
professor lupin helps sirius to his feet.
they're buffeted by the crowd.
he smiles broadly.
on the other side of the glass, nelec rights himself, momentarily disoriented -- breathing heavily, he moves away from the bus door to the locked glass separating him from the kids; he tries the handle, but it won't open for him either.
father pours liqueur into glasses.
a football coach looks at a black and white television as a newsman outside the schoolhouse speaks to the camera.
inside is a brown cardboard box.
george's eyes and manner are almost maniacal.
audrey's eyes become utterly still.
and then, turns to face the man.
her hair softly curled, she smiles at him shyly.
frodo beckons to gollum.
derby players hit a ball, then run up and down the stands.
frodo is holding bilbo's red journal out towards him.
the dancing women are peasants.
wick has bent over don and loosened his tie.
she stoops slightly as she drags a large unwieldy suitcase.
the lift opens up and a man wheels out a clothes rail.
jack grabs onto rose's life vest but is swept away by the turbulence.
the boys -- with flashlights -- turn a corner -- hurry down the hall.
as she lands on the bridge of a boat, john races towards her.
as the camera sweeps the magnificent old theatre -- boxes, seats, stage, but there is no sign of reggie.
punnoose follows behind them.
he stops, looks at her.
nick wakes up in his underwear, curled up on the porch swing outside his cottage.
everett is oblivious to the big man approaching from behind.
pete, sitting next to him, and delmar, in back, are both dripping wet.
benjamin and an elderly queenie visits him as he lies in an open casket in an ornate chapel at rest.
jay falls from his seat with a clunk, onto the upside down ceiling of the car.
neff comes through the double entrance doors from the reception room.
cole is very still.
finally, he finds the house he's looking for and bangs on the door.
he is suddenly aware of a well-dressed indian half-listening to their conversation.
he nods with a grateful smile as he looks it over.
whip points the camera at her.
bellatrix peers through the gloom and sees harry coming into the clearing.
he glances at him and the well-dressed indian simply nods slightly and moves off a little.
smash cut: salieri's masked face whips around and looks at her.
he grins.
she opens the door of the cabin and starts out.
mj opens her coat to let peter see her uniform.
miss stubs looks daggers at her.
gabriel sets the spiked end spinning.
she turns away and crosses to a yellow cab.
high up on a tower, javert stands facing an ornate cross.
purvis and winstead stand shoulder to shoulder as they spot the lodge a few hundred yards off.
dobby is bent over clutching his chest.
takes one more step -- a fatal step, it turns out.
he prods fezzik, who nods, increases his pace.
at the end of the song, the crowd goes wild but alyssa's preoccupied.
fergus pulls her into a doorway to avoid it.
now, brian passes them in the tunnel.
windows are broken, the porch sags, one section of the roof has fallen, doors and shutters hang askew on their hinges.
as the whole side of the building crashes down towards her in one, he sprints to hold it up.
she leaps for the chandelier and lands flat on the floor.
venom holds the jagged metal bar to peter's neck.
then she starts to take a sip, smiling across the table at her imaginary guest.
but his pet snowy owl perched in its cage on top of his luggage.
vanessa continues to entertain the children.
the two regard each other, the moment taut with tension, then lupin steps forward and embraces black like a brother.
harry is walking towards them.
suddenly merry is plucked off the ground!
harry unrolls the crumpled sorting hat.
her hands grab his waist.
as the balloon rises, mike looks around.
he watches her keenly.
david, head on a pillow, looks sideways at his son who's sleeping peacefully.
he snaps it shut.
the lights come on in the cargo hold.
it's started to rain.
dillinger steps into the closet sized safe, discards his fake, waxy gun and grabs a pistol from the wall.
he flashes his teeth.
she slaps the side of the tub.
we see a big fireball in the b.g.
he looks back at her curiously, then raises his digicam and starts to videotape her.
she stares at jane, then starts to cry.
nicole covers whip with a blanket.
all except harry, who lies in bed, studying the photo of his parents, barely visible in the fluttering light of a guttering candle.
annie stands by the kitchen stove making popcorn.
ron climbs onto the stone horse of the black knight.
jamal walks alone through slum streets strewn with rubbish and debris.
he passes books, statues, gold, and silver ornaments.
cattle stampede as fire erupts behind them.
daisy, tom and their daughter pammy leave the buchanan mansion.
her cheeks streaked with tears, fantine glances behind her.
jenny comes out of the terminal sheltering under a newspaper.
he looks up.
he stares uncertainly down the narrow, misty path.
from inside, mr. norton is letting out three legal looking gentlemen.
she leans on the steering wheel and lowers the phone to the passenger seat.
she's recognizable as the woman who posed as evelyn mulwray.
he opens his mouth -- it takes a while before the words come out.
donny looks at joe, like it hurts to think.
dillinger gets in and shuts the door.
standing poised by the door.
outside, the mustached stranger hurries across a street.
they both look at the person on the other trolley, whose chest is heaving unevenly.
she looks at cath with concern.
tonks tries to control the flames with her wand.
then hurries out of the bedroom.
charlie studies him a moment, and being charlie, he understands.
jerry looks.
the helicopter speeds over mountains as morning sun throws light on the summits.
graham's eyes open as he leans in close to morgan's ear.
they put the unconscious president on the gurney and enter the elevator, where veronica fits an oxygen mask onto ashton's face.
and she lets go, thumping his head against the headboard and.
it falls onto a track far below.
in the rain-soaked darkness, a figurine silhouette holds an umbrella and stands in the half-light.
gandalf rounds on theoden.
drover's team set up camp by a river.
he turns back around and the firelight shows teartracks on his cheeks.
a soldier ringing the great bell in alarm as below, in the courtyard, soldiers mount their steeds amid great activity.
clutching a torch, he crawls along it.
he twitches a tender smile.
when tracey speaks her voice is a bit shaky.
jamal is ascending in a lift on the construction site of a skyscraper.
a grand room crowded with guests.
jeff's head turns in this new direction.
having picked a posy of wild flowers from the woods, lizzie crosses a small field where a chestnut mare and her foal are grazing in the sunshine.
lance looks up at jody.
banky goes down, falling forward into the crowd.
meanwhile, david and elise walk together.
now david sits with his back against a support beam.
she begins to scream, trying to fend off the blows with her hands, then suddenly falls out of frame to the floor.
he calls quickly.
a mini, driving down a country road.
but all he can think about is.
outside, lydia and kitty are heading out.
she offers the second to doyle.
nick and martini try to stop him, but he shrugs them off.
the man is bert gordon.
utility poles stretch along the length of the road.
charlotte suddenly looking very tired.
rain falls steadily as whip sits in the car and pours alcohol into a bottle of juice and takes a drink.
in the dining room, a man plays piano as first class passengers, holding sheet music, sing.
he starts walking.
pete is driving.
voldemort's face twists into a snarl.
zus holds a protective hand in front of his face.
people everywhere, clinging to monuments, lamp standards, trees -- and as the camera pulls back from the funeral cortege it reveals more and more.
a wire wind chime in the shape of a beaming sun hangs on the veranda and swings mournfully in the soft breeze.
a steady stream of state police cars pulls out of the parking lot with lights flashing while other policemen are running to their cars still parked in the lot.
frodo a strange expression on his face.
as holmes climbs up into the boxcar, moran gets his gun and takes several deep breaths.
all eyes are on eddie.
he stops dead and stares, seeing bo, morgan, and now merrill on the sofa wearing silver foil cone hats.
jay enters with silent bob and claps his hands.
the camera continues its pan -- bits of human hair matted in the dried blood, and the bullet-ripped foliage, the well, trampled ground around it, little pieces of clothing.
mike tears his jumper, revealing two bullet holes in his chest.
they see a highway beneath them.
she looks up startled.
tess' face freezes.
sam looks up -- fearful the mountain could explode at any moment!
mrs. halpern walks back to the car.
mr. cunningham moves closer to cole.
they emerge on the other side, onto platform 9 3/4, where a steam engine, the hogwarts express, sits waiting.
as they journey through fields and past devastated homes, ron grows more drawn and suspicious.
they are sleepless and sway to the motion of the vehicle.
mother comforts her.
mr. darcy sits down and takes lizzie's hand.
louis goes back inside.
mike licks the red jell-o off one of the girl's fingers and gives an approving nod.
he looks around carefully as he moves.
finally, a decision is reached.
dumbledore reads a second piece of smoldering parchment.
the british delegate rises to speak, continuing through the next scene.
a tunnel leads into the earth.
the uruk- hai are smearing themselves in white paint.a creepy ritualistic ceremony.the white hand of isengard is smeared on bodies, faces, and armor.
john hustles down stairs, carrying two tommy guns.
quickly thorwald does pick it up.
puzzled, delmar follows.
robin leaves a notepad on the table close by.
peter walks to the door, then turns back.
thomas heaves a sigh of relief and steps forward into a pool of light emanating from a nearby window.
explosions blossoming in the street.
sue is in a towel, holding a highball as she climbs out of the jacuzzi.
the group examine the weapons they have collected.
rose walks away.
rose steps towards her mother then glances at jack.
jamal and salim flee down an alley and come face to face with a young boy dressed as the hindu god rama.
gin attaches the cables.
other people pass him, some touching him.
ferris is flipped onto his back.
the camera is on the wet rings which the wet glass has left on the bar.
the passengers find spider-man at one window and octavius at the one opposite.
she gives him a faint, admiring smile.
en-joo nears a hut and peers inside.
smith, moody, andrews, and murdoch pass jack and rose.
drover grabs them both, and they fall backwards to safety.
he gives carl the thumbs up through the glass wall of his office.
a pickup truck pulls over as jenny looks at the driver.
bubba hands forrest a handkerchief.
sam disappears into the crowd.
mouth agape, the snake lunges repeatedly at snape, thumping him against the lead paned glass, which shakes, but doesn't give way.
students celebrate.
he spots a young boy sitting by a key, cuddling with a toy boat, to the driver.
the sound of someone at the door interrupts her.
his arms begin to tremble as he lifts it for the second time.
two or three he discards, but he smiles when coins make a pure tone, and he keeps them.
an old man kneels at his car repairing a rear tire.
she removes the beer.
in the woods, zus leads the onslaught.
photographers' flashes light up the boardroom windows.
gandhi looks around at the crowd.
joe hands charles the thick fabric tie -- which charles fashion into a tourniquet, wraps it around martin's leg, tight.
he starts to look.
its long second hand starts to turn backwards.
ferris keeps shooting at the iraqis as they follow in the four-by-fours.
the suburbs are left far behind.
benjamin watches as she leans to her left then slowly raises her right leg into the air.
they back away, but he is restrained by a rope tethered to a tree.
they nod.
he clocks the red bus.
ferris heads to a laptop on the dressing table.
thao stops and looks back.
gollum's fingers closing in on the ring.
he's taken aback by her hug.
the man turns back around checking his camera.
forrest sits down.
sadie hops out of bed and storms off down the hall.
outside, he finds himself in a damp, dingy passageway.
he didn't mean it as a joke, but for some reason, everyone's laughing.
the other body heaves as blood forms a pool on top of the bandages.
a canyon opens up beneath them.
wide-eyed and frowning, he raises a hand to rambo.
merrill tucks the pamphlet in his jacket.
his body is utterly still.
she nods grimly.
they continue walking down the corridor.
he's drawn his face, half peter parker and half spider-man.
as andrea pulls away, mrs. boswell, 35, taps the car window.
the man easily absorbs pete's stomach punch, then knocks pete over with one.
abby sits in a booth overlooking the dance floor, where couples salsa.
inigo pounds again.
as more lands on his shoulder, it wraps itself around his body like ivy consuming the walls of a building.
he puts the ring back around his neck.
the dragon knocks the track with its head.
quince drains one more glass of wine.
the woman is crying and wipes her eyes with a hankie.
he drops the cash on the table and leaves quickly.
butch pounces on the fallen body, punching him twice more in the face.
he glances up to the beret elsa is wearing.
ron stands stiffly wearing a protective leather helmet.
on the game show, jamal looks deep in thought.
the blast takes out the whole side of the building.
he opens the bathroom door, peering inside.
jazz is heard as the movie cuts to the outside of a university library, the camera focused on a huge replica of rodin's thinker before moving to the front entrance.
it finally pops.
she smiles faintly.
elijah turns back to stare at the man.
the only light comes from sunlight outside and the flames of the fire.
harry aims his wand.
a cover falls off it.
the man in black sits to rest on the boulder that once held the rope.
debbie, pete, larry, oliver, barb and barry are eating.
miranda turns away in her swivel chair and andy walks out with a smile.
elise squirms, taking a breath, then eyes him.
dil fires, hits jude.
ben reaches for the key.
then re-sheathes and looks eagerly over the edge again.
everyone laughs good-naturedly.
shake hands.
beautiful flowers gleam in the dawn light, then, slowly begin to wither.
kate walks down a hallway.
he approaches with two apples.
joseph is asleep, lying across him.
the conductor and porter see neff on his crutches and move to help him.
at the top, a steward addresses a small crowd from behind a locked gate.
he stands up as a sheepish-looking thao approaches.
anna averts her gaze.
the queen takes it, looks into the full-length mirror, and fastens the necklace around her neck.
the flames take the form of a fiery winged dragon.
mike's checking out an attractive woman wearing a crop top, who's standing at the bar, drinking a shot.
they pull out their wands.
the soldiers march the boys into a corridor.
people hold their noses.
harry falls to the ground.
several cars pass as mickey joyfully runs.
harry and hermione creep out from their hiding place.
marcus turns to a gum-chewing female helper.
one of the men, kazim, raises his gun and brings it down hard on brody's head.
mary, engrossed in the newspaper, and walking back ease the lot, does not see the patrolman.
he points up and a star shoots by.
darcy emerges from the parsonage, lips drawn tight, and pulls on his dark leather gloves.
as tim emails a response to the message he received, the corvette wanders into the opposite lane, narrowly missing an oncoming car.
peter desperately tugs at the black threads holding his wrists.
elsewhere, jack and the others run along a crowded corridor.
a bird flies out and settles on a stone shelf.
inside, charlotte's helping mr. collins with his coat.
joe looks down awkwardly.
now he looks out across them as though seeking something.
now, they binge on desserts.
in a narrow woodland area, shimon, clutching his leather briefcase, starts to stumble.
a disheveled man appears in a cage in front of the judge, mr. crouch.
father j looks over to a patch of grass where the police have the handcuffed gangsters on their knees.
malcolm lowers his hands surprised.
jenny looks as forrest rubs his head.
their windows are rolled up.
the nurse strides off to assist a colleague, and caroline drifts over to the empty bed beside her mother's.
david brushes past a tall, slim man wearing a pale, sandy green and gray camouflage jacket.
nick heads off along the gravel path beneath the terrace, leading through the ornamental garden.
as the man arrives on the ground, michael continues shooting until the twitching stops.
looking embarrassed, he picks up a model train carriage.
she mistakenly chases a different olive skin woman.
a soldier emerges from a hut onto a veranda.
the staff sit around a table, as nick dishes up spaghetti.
the cop car careens onto the street in the background, its siren wailing.
he rests his head on her shoulder, closes his eyes and lays his hands on her back.
he laughs but they're disturbed by a sound from another room, the sound of crying.
the camera tilts upward from a dixieland combo blaring out a bouncy tune to find sarah, descending the stairs, looking on at the party below.
elliot walks from behind the partially closed door to an offscreen medicine cabinet.
spider and his cronies get out.
jenny's dad drunk, steps out onto the porch and shouts.
casey stalks off, leaving jane sorting out some unruly adhesive notes.
he is wearing striped pajamas.
finally, appearing confident and relaxed and with the old familiar glint in his eyes, gatsby steps towards the room.
marius exchanges a glance with enjolras and follows her.
queenie steps closer to inspect it.
the three are buried inside the vault.
he hovers watching as well-aimed slytherin pass sends the quaffle flying straight through the goal.
after running hard for a beat: they haul ass, but after a long moment tina is grabbed away into the darkness!!!
percy looks at him skeptically.
ginny is there with the twins.
clothes are dipped in the brownish water.
billie lifts the present from its box, staring at it.
two wear metal masks.
she runs her fingers through her ponytail nervously.
hogwarts school is housed in a handsome castle surrounded by stone outbuildings and long victorian greenhouses.
a distracted queen nods faintly.
camera moves with loomis as he moves along the street.
mary jane continues to pose.
a video screen shows guardsmen carrying a casket on their shoulders.
the dude sits in the bathtub, staring stuporously, a joint pinched in one hand, a washcloth draped over his head.
debbie is speaking with barb as they set up the kitchen for a barbecue for pete's fortieth birthday.
mrs. robinson looks at him.
elizabeth takes a seat as benjamin pours the tea.
he turns, and we see him raise the long-focus camera to his eye.
they sweep up charing cross road, moving swiftly past leicester square tube station.
he pushed her into the arms of the nurses.
emily's left hand is on ben's right shoulder.
now, in a salon, diana gently applies lavender eye makeup to her already smoothered eyelids.
frederick cringes, reacting.
it is mrs. bailey, but she has changed amazingly.
sarah looks out of the door in amazement and stares straight into the eyes of the drover, galloping alongside the herd.
close on a man's hand leaving money.
but there's blood and martin is in real pain.
hermione rings the rusty bell.
the other three men are still sitting on the wall.
charles drives away leaving the queen with the dogs.
she walks towards the blonde purchaser, and places it in her outstretched hands.
seats lean drunkenly, having been torn from their mountings, their upholstery charred and blackened.
jack pushes rose through the shoulder-high water toward the railing.
agent madala follows, hesitating as he spots baum's body.
snape opens the curtains.
colin's sitting on the edge of the bed, wearing a fresh, unbuttoned shirt.
she falls dead on to the table.
rose turns away from the monitor and returns to her wheelchair.
elsewhere, ruth huddles against molly, who steers out to see with a blank expression.
jehuda loves this too, but his laugh makes him cough appallingly.
he is face down, his arms, torpedolike, pressed against his sides.
he looks back at diana and paces.
while we never see her face exactly, she remains just as beautiful, just as mysterious, as the first time we saw her.
percy, kyle, and michael are with him.
octavius' body stops shaking and he drops to the floor along with the mechanical arms.
morgan closes the book.
he lays the title page on top of the typed pages.
david shakes his head.
he is, briefly, an irresponsible and happy boy again.
his face strained, his eyes widen and he reaches behind his head.
phyllis comes in.
the cars headlights glow eerily through the trees as it makes its way through the dark woods.
george goes over to a corner of the room where his workshop is set up a drawing table, several models of modern buildings, bridges, etc.
a spinning war vortex of blue light becomes a silver blue spider's web which scatters the words the opening credits.
the hostess brings the general's beer.
harry stops with george.
lily lowers her hand.
everybody in the diner is now focused on the old lady.
the boat is steered towards a riverbank.
indy grabs a crowbar and fends off two sailors who attack him from the sides.
his fingers tightening on bo's shoulders in front of him.
hi is staring.
forrest takes his paddle and runs out of the gymnasium.
hermione steps up, as do more students.
the doorman lets her in.
on the bridge, the helmsman turns the ship's wheel as a ship's officer steps up to captain smith.
she keeps moving along.
suddenly, the rocking and moaning stop.
they start to pull the body into the skiff.
he's not crying or whimpering, but he's so full of fear, it's as if his body is imploding.
the majority in the room lift their hands, including nicole.
the slytherin captain hulls the quaffle towards the goal, but the gryffindor keeper knocks it safely away.
moody takes a lid from a glass jar.
herzog looks round.
he watches her leave with an endearing smile, then goes back to his book.
jeff turns back to the window.
pete is sleeping on the couch.
across the room, the black spider-like tendril crawls across a cabinet behind her, but freezes when she looks around.
she swallows, then raises her tender gaze to meet dillinger's.
draco holds it up to the light.
harry sits on his bed.
marty leans in for a good look at dillinger's body, then heads off.
forrest steps back as lt. dan flips back over, then pulls himself back up onto his wheelchair.
he takes the chain of the cistern then removes one of the taps from the basin.
the bold man turns to whip.
daisy looks down, then turns on hearing a piano.
dressed in professorial tweeds, stands before his class.
the small figure as he watches his best friend disappear into the distance.
amos smiles, amused.
marion slows the station wagon and pulls off to the side of the road.
doyle, the man jeff phoned earlier in the day.
seeing the lighted window, he hesitates.
recovering his balance, he reaches out to elsa.
a soft, gentle snow begins to fall.
valjean comes to the door.
harry's eyes are fixed on the opposite platform.
the kid sees them and hesitates for a moment.
more splinted images reveal earlier moments in the story.
mrs. robinson is sitting there.
jenny steps forward and kisses lt. dan's cheek.
the two youngsters dive behind a rock.
gandhi sits under a tree, peeling potatoes.
the camp huts are timber with above-ground supports as foundations.
she sets it aside, then lifts her troubled gaze.
he lowers the sword and steps away.
he puts an arm around his wife.
his manner is troubled and agitated.
indy gets cautiously to his feet.
jenny and other other girls get into the car.
he jumps down the manhole.
a postman arrives.
cedric is walking along, the maze walls begin to close in on him.
the officer pockets his gun and resumes his conversation.
his eyes fixed on the lcd screen, howard grins.
laszlo watches him, then draws down the shade.
diana plugs a flash drive into the credit card burner.
the remains of the jeep driver tumble off the vehicle.
meaning the cut above minnie's eye.
he smiles charmingly.
doyle has turned away into the center of the room.
a quaffle is aimed at ron who is swinging helplessly.
sandman looks at the mound of sand next to him and spots the locket penny gave him lying nearby.
as the train disappears, he sees professor dumbledore standing in front of a billboard advertising divine magic perfume.
harken stomps out of the room.
walt pulls up beside them.
mr. blonde walks out.
mariah follows her inside and up the stairs.
at night, a guard patrols the camp.
the dementor falters.
he's shocked to bump into the half-dressed lydia.
bo remains motionless, clinging to her brother.
angrily she turns and throws her champagne in his face and smashes her glass on the floor.
in the boys' dormitory, harry is sitting up in bed eating a biscuit and reading the marauder's map by the light of his wand.
jack and rose step through another door into a corridor.
sean pulls away into traffic almost hitting another car as he does.
she brushes snow from it with her gloved hand.
he holds out a set of keys.
two young couples are entering as their kids - about a dozen of them - stream in around them.
he stubs out his cigarette and picks up his cellphone.
sarah watches him ride away.
wounded, she runs outside, grabs her bicycle and rides off.
harry takes careful notes.
the group come to a thrift shop.
ben gets out of the car with a gift-wrapped parcel.
brody peers inside to donovan and indy.
as he stares at the crumpled hat, it starts to speak.
harry lies down and peers under the bed.
he swings the crowbar into the windshield, which shatters.
he walks through a forest toward an outdoor stage.
she picks up the phone.
he switches it on as merrill kneels beside him.
one huge cavernous room, a football field in size, lined on both sides with giant pillars that rise into a misty hand painted ceiling.
in a staff meeting, his coworkers look on stony-faced.
he peers in through the french windows, pushing a long curtain aside.
butterflies flutter over the great green lawn.
a woman rides a tricycle past beach huts on the seafront promenade.
the court rises and he walks stiffly to his chambers.
side by side, they watch as harry slowly makes his way down the stone staircase.
there is a pounding on the door from the other side.
she smiles maternally.
graham watches them as morgan holds out his hand and bo takes it.
asael keeping his head low scurries to a new position.
tuvia gives chaya a friendly wave.
the clock counts down from 10 seconds as the water draws in.
morgan takes graham's hand and steps over houdini.
she's backed against the end of the counter!
behind them sit the mumbling old king and queen.
gower fumbles and drops some of the capsules to the floor.
watching from a distance, as the two horses thunder across the fields, is a young woman, elizabeth bennet.
in the kitchen, thurman and willie make necklaces out of pieces of popcorn.
a large black dog hesitates beside harry.
he grabs a half-smoked joint from an ashtray and lights it.
the match erupts into roaring flame.
the man nods understandingly.
frodo gestures to butterbur.
he charges with a shoulder.
melvin is scared.
he takes the briefcase.
bones grabs him by the hair, picks him up and throws him across the room into the wall of pictures, many of them coming off their hooks and falling on top of harry.
rambo looks wearily down at the field of battle.
sandra buries her head in her hands.
mrs. walters sits up her in chair, in awe.
daisy marches off down the hall and jordan follows.
indy carries a gun in his hand and his whip hangs from his belt.
camille sits crouched in terror, as fire and masonry fall around her.
a boy gets off the roundabout.
life springs back into evan as he rushes for the journals.
looks up from the map and stares ahead.
jamal looks out at latika in the rain for a moment then lies down.
he yanks it out, zooms upwards into the air, and swoops on after peter.
cosette goes to put the broom away.
an orange disc surrounded by black revolves like a record on a turntable.
dissolving into the parchment map of middle-earth.
he pulls her close and kisses her.
he grabs the keys and unlocks his handcuffs, then frisks his would be captors.
bo catlett looks at the bear, then smiles at farrah.
graham moves out into the hall and shuts the bedroom door behind him.
daisy slowly sits.
aragorn looks at legolas as he appears, leading his horse -- already saddled.
gradually, it becomes a pinpoint and then dies away altogether.
graham starts down the hall.
they approach three black youths.
holding back her tears, andy walks out of miranda's office into the anteroom and past emily's desk.
the prisoners look like phantoms in the heat and dust.
she whacks him with a pistol.
marley's splayed out on the sofa, watching them.
slowly the pov moves into the room.
patrons sitting in a window table smile and chat as they enjoy a meal.
an explosion rocks the bike.
reggie realizes that gideon no longer offers any resistance.
bats fly toward us.
sandy and diana share a concerned look on their way out as the thugs had turn out in a different hall way.
he affects a lonely, pitiful gaze.
after a moment, the gardener comes running back.
sherlock holmes, disguised as an oriental man, lies on a mattress in the street smoking a pipe.
lizzie turns to see him grow ever smaller in the distance.
she laughs to herself, and he nods off.
he passes the gypsies as they have a break.
in a farm house, gang members change clothes while eating.
she gently strokes his back and kisses him on the forehead.
allison is about to press the point, but then drifts into disappointed silence as parrish leaves the room.
she hands over the newer one to bartholomew, who sadly examines its mutilated end while reggie returns to the first cigarette.
she sprays dale's crotch.
the bearded man prepares another spoon of liquid.
everything seems normal.
